======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What type of water formation is formed by clouds?" and the following answer choices: 
- pearls
 - streams
 - shells
 - diamonds
 - rain
 - beads
 - cooled
 - liquid

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and clouds are made of water vapor, choose the best answer.

Target Text: beads

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.413254
Retrieved Text: Part of the altocumulus family of clouds, the altocumulus opacus clouds normally form a relatively thick and opaque layer of clouds. At one glance, this can easily be mistaken as the blanket format of cumulus clouds although this is not the case.
What height are altocumulus opacus found?
The altocumulus opacus clouds are usually bound between 6,500 and 20,000 feet and commonly arise as a consequence of a convection in an unstable layer of the air. The creation of these clouds are very dependent on the height at which they are found and the lower they are, the greater the possibility that they are formed by water droplets, whereas the higher they are, the more likely they are formed by ice crystals.
The opacus type of clouds too do not have a specific classification, and again depending on whether it is found at the higher stratosphere, it will be classified as cirrocumulus opacus, at the mid-level as altocumulus opacus and at the lowest layer as stratocumulus opacus clouds.
How are altocumulus opacus clouds formed?
The altocumulus opacus clouds are normally formed as a consequence of water droplets mixing with the warmer air although if the temperature is cold enough, instead of water droplets, ice crystals for the structure of these clouds.
Consequently, this also influences the depth of the altocumulus opacus cloud formation. Depending on how cold it is at the heights of between 6,500 and 20,000 feet, this will determine the depth of the altocumulus opacus cloud range.
What do altocumulus opacus clouds look like?
The altocumulus opacus clouds can be somewhat opaque

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.8758
Retrieved Text: What is it and How is the fog formed | Types of fog? How does fog occur?
Fog, also known as the mist is a meteorological phenomenon that consists of the formation of very low clouds, in contact with the ground or at low altitude.
These clouds are formed by innumerable drops of water so tiny that they can remain in suspension. Fog is formed by evaporation of moisture from the soil.
The fog deals with the condensation of the humidity of the air but still in suspension, in the form of drops of water.
This causes the rise of moist air, which, upon coming in contact with cold air currents, condenses it, resulting in the appearance of these low clouds.
For this reason, the fog produces a considerable sensation of cold and humidity and sometimes gets wet.
It is another of the phenomena produced by the condensation of atmospheric water vapor. In fact, it is a cloud so low it touches the ground.
Both the fog and the cloud consist of a set of droplets scattered in the air. The differences between the two formations are the altitude at which each originates, and that the clouds contain ice crystals.
The fog, therefore, is constituted by droplets of water so microscopic that they float in the air, reducing the visibility so much more together they are thicker is the same.
The fog is formed by cooling the air that is in contact with the earth or the sea.
Like clouds, a mass of warm, moist air is cooled to reach the dew point, ie at the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.773165
Retrieved Text: Polar Stratospheric Clouds (PSC) form in the stratosphere in altitudes between 20 and 30 km. The formation of PSC requires very low temperatures. That is why they only appear in winter and mainly over Scandinavia, Scotland, Alaska and Antarctica.
Type-1-PSC-particles are a mixture of water and nitric acid (HNO3) which already form just above freezing point (about -78°C). Subject to the conditions present, they can appear either solid or liquid as aerosols. The microscopic structure of the particles is - seen from the chemical point of view - a connection of each molecule of HNO with 3 molecules of water. This is a so-called thrihydrate with the formula HNO2* 3H2O. Type-1-particles are thus defined chemically as Nitric Acid Trihydrate. (NAT). They are about 1micrometre (one millionth of a metre) small.
It is supposed that dust in the stratosphere favours the formation of mother-of-pearl clouds because small dust particles are very good sublimation nuclei for water molecules. In Scandinavia, mother-of-pearl clouds can be observed almost every winter. Thanks to the Scandinavian Mountains blocking the westerly winds, Finnish observers can look back over more than 50 times that these clouds appeared within At lower temperatures they can keep on growing and then also include small amounts of chloric acid (HC1) and sulphuric acid (H2SO4). The appearance of NAT-clouds is described as very delicate (similar to NLC) and they are widely spread over a large area.
Type-2-PSC consist of pure crystals of frozen water. They form at even lower temperatures between -95 C and -90 C and less (188 K at an

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.249077
Retrieved Text: The cirrocumulus lacunosus is a cloud variety that stands out in the crowd due to the large gaps that intersect the cloud formations. In other words, the overall appearance of this pattern is more clearly suggested by the Latin lacunosus attribute, which is translated as in full of holes. Due to its façade, this cloud structure can also be described as having the shape of a honeycomb or a net. While it can develop at all levels of the atmosphere, it is important to note that it is mostly common for the high end clouds. Nonetheless, the lacunosus structures are in fact vary rare and can be observed seldom.
How are cirrocumulus lacunosus clouds formed?
At its heart, the lacunosus cloud formation is nothing more than a cirrocumulus that is crossed by numerous holes, which are in fact small pockets of air. Even though, by definition a cirrocumulus cloud is formed of ice crystals, sometimes, it can also contain water and ice simultaneously. What this means is that the altitude at which the clouds are normally found includes both hot and cold air fronts. Because the cold air fronts have a higher density than warm ones, when both of them are present the cold air goes through the warmer front and creates the specific holes and characteristic of the lacunosus cloud formation.
What do cirrocumulus lacunosus clouds look like?
Even though its shape is not nearly as perfect as a honeycomb, for the ground observers this is the most accurate comparison regarding the lacunosus appearance. The main difference between the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.4889
Retrieved Text: The (cloud) shape was similar to a castle.
Also known as a thunderhead.
Which cloud looks like a sheet across the sky?
Which cloud looks like a gray sheet across the sky?
This is a rotating, cone-shaped column of air that goes downward from the base of a thunderstorm.
A lenticular cloud that is formed when warm, moist air runs into the surface a mountain is what type of cloud?
A large collection of very tiny droplets of water or ice crystals.
A bright flash of electricity produced by a thunderstorm.
A violent rotating column of air extending from a thunderstorm to the ground.
Puffy white clouds are called clouds.
Which clouds are the thin, wispy clouds?
Choose the best description of cirrus clouds.
Venus has that are very hot and poisonous.
Puffy, white clouds with flat bottoms are clouds.
Cumulonimbus clouds are formed from cumulus clouds.
Which shape is not symmetrical?
Low, flat clouds near the ground that can bring rain are called .

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.896982
Retrieved Text: Planet formation theory (nebular hypothesis) has successfully predicted virtually nothing.
Everything about exo planets, stars, asteroids, moons, comets science finds is surprising and usually requires scientists to go back to the planetary formation theory drawing board.
This suggests that the actual practical and physical evidence proves that the planet formation theories they have are wrong. Which also suggests that the theories they are built on are also wrong.
No matter how much they modify or completely rewrite the theories of planet formation they will constantly be surprised, now and in the future.
If they keep being surprised in the future, even after modifying all their theories then does this show that the basic theories are still wrong?
Molecular oxygen (O2), however, despite its detection on other icy bodies such as the moons of Jupiter and Saturn2, 3, has remained undetected in cometary comas. Here we report in situ measurement of O2 in the coma of comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko, with local abundances ranging from one per cent to ten per cent relative to H2O and with a mean value of 3.80 ± 0.85 per cent. Our observations indicate that the O2/H2O ratio is isotropic in the coma and does not change systematically with heliocentric distance. This suggests that primordial O2 was incorporated into the nucleus during the comet’s formation, which is unexpected given the low upper limits from remote sensing observations4. Current Solar System formation models do not predict conditions that would allow this to occur.
That is because oxygen reacts very easily with other elements to form compounds, rather than stay in its

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.534868
Retrieved Text: The essential difference between a precipitation particle and a cloud particle is one of size. An average raindrop has a mass equivalent to about one million cloud droplets. Because of their large size, precipitation particles have significant falling speeds and are able to survive the fall from the cloud to the ground.
The transition from a cloud containing only cloud droplets to one containing a mixture of cloud droplets and precipitation particles involves two basically different steps: the formation of incipient precipitation elements directly from the vapour state and the subsequent growth of those elements through aggregation and collision with cloud droplets. The initial precipitation elements may be either ice crystals or chemical-solution droplets.
Development of precipitation through the growth of ice crystals depends on the fact that cloud droplets can freeze spontaneously at temperatures below about −40 °C, or −40 °F. (The reduction of cloud droplets to temperatures below the normal freezing point is termed supercooling.) Within supercooled clouds, ice crystals may form through sublimation of water vapour on certain atmospheric dust particles known as sublimation nuclei. In natural clouds, ice crystals form at temperatures colder than about −15 °C (+5 °F). The exact temperature of ice crystal formation depends largely on the physical-chemical nature of the sublimation nucleus.
Once ice crystals have formed within a supercooled cloud, they continue to grow as long as their temperature is colder than freezing. The rates of growth depend primarily upon the temperature and degree of vapour saturation of the ambient air. The crystals grow at the expense of the water

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.486427
Retrieved Text: In your study of clouds, you may encounter the term "collar clouds". But what is it and how does it differ from other cloud types? How will you know that it is a collar cloud? And what kind of weather condition does it bring? Read on to find the answers to these questions.
Collar clouds refer to a group of clouds surrounding the upper portion of wall clouds. It is often used as a synonym for wall cloud, but collar cloud is just one feature of the wall cloud. A wall cloud is a low-level cloud found on the rain-free base of a thunderstorm that signifies a strong updraft. It is often seen rotating in a supercell thunderstorm which could probably produce a tornado. Simply put, a collar cloud is the cloud formation you see circling on top of a wall cloud.
How does a collar cloud look like?
Collar clouds are the lighter gray group of clouds you see on top of a wall cloud affixed to the rain-free base of a cumulonimbus cloud. It is rain-free due to the upward movement of air towards the wall cloud which prevents the rain from falling down through it. Because of this, the wall cloud and more likely tornado, become visible and rain-free. The diameter of this cloud type may range from one to five miles. And it is normally situated at the inflow side of a thunderstorm. When viewed from several miles away, these clouds may show a speedy upward and cyclonic motion.
At what altitude are collar clouds found?
Since

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.416098
Retrieved Text: The discovery of thousands of planets around stars other than our Sun has revived age-old questions on how these exo-planets form and which chemical ingredients are available to build them. Star formation and chemistry start in the cold and tenuous clouds between the stars. In spite of the extremely low temperatures and densities, these clouds contain a surprisingly rich and interesting chemistry, as evidenced by the detection of nearly 200 different molecules, from simple to complex. New facilities such as ALMA allow us to zoom in on dense cloud cores and planetary system construction sites with unprecedented sharpness and sensitivity. Spectral scans of young disks contain tens of thousands of rotational lines, revealing water and a surprisingly rich variety of organic materials, including simple sugars and high abundances of deuterated species. How are these molecules formed and what chemical processes play a role? How common are they?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.364359
Retrieved Text: 2. absolute stability - Air with a lapse rate less than the wet adiabatic rate.
3. adiabatic temperature change - Cooling or warming of air caused when air is allowed to expand or is compressed, not because heat is added or subtracted.
4. advection fog - A fog formed when warm, moist air is blown over a cool surface.
5. Bergeron process - A theory that relates the formation of precipitation to supercooled clouds, freezing nuclei, and the different saturation levels of ice and liquid water.
7. cirrus - One of three basic cloud forms: also one of the three high cloud types. They are thin, delicate ice-crystal clouds often appearing as veil-like patches or thin, wispy fibers.
8. cloud - A form of condensation best described as a dense concentration of suspended water droplets or tiny ice crystals.
9. cloud of vertical development - A cloud that has its base in the low-height range but extends upward into the middle or high altitude.
10. collision-coalescence process - A theory of raindrop formation in warm clouds (above 0o C) in which large cloud droplets (giants) collide and join together with smaller droplets to form a raindrop. Opposite electrical charges may bind the cloud droplets together.
11. condensation - The change of state from a gas to a liquid.
12. condensation nuclei - Tiny bits of particulate matter that serve as surfaces on which water vapor condenses.
13. conditional instability - Moist air with a lapse rate between the dry and wet adiabatic rates.
15. cumulus - One of three basic cloud forms; also the name given one

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.29968
Retrieved Text: An otherworldly cloud phenomena found high in Earth’s atmosphere is becoming more visible due to our greenhouse gas emissions, according to a new study published in Geophysical Research Letters this month.
Noctilucent, or night-shining, clouds look like wispy shimmering sky webs formed from ice-crystals. Unlike most clouds that appear, at most, approximately four miles (six km) high, these clouds form at ultra-high altitudes of over 52 miles (83 km), in a brutally cold section of Earth’s atmosphere known as the mesosphere. The clouds are typically observed in twilight, showing their subtle white glow only when the Sun is below the horizon. They’re also more common during the summer, when these middle-atmosphere altitudes are coldest.
These spectacular clouds were first spotted in the 19th century following Krakatoa volcano’s famous 1885 eruption, which “spewed massive amounts of water vapor into the air” according to a press release. Since then, bright noctilucent clouds have been spotted with increasing regularity.
“Scientists have been wondering for many years if or not these clouds are an indication of anthropogenic change,” Franz‐Josef Lübken, director of Leibniz Institute of Atmospheric Physics and lead author of the study, told Earther.
Lübken and his colleagues set out to figure out if that was indeed the case. They wanted to parse out what factors, like water vapor and temperature, have the most influence on what noctilucent clouds are doing. They used climate models and satellite observations to simulate the effect of fossil fuel burning since the Industrial Revolution on noctilucent cloud formation.
The study found that an uptick in water vapor in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.921642
Retrieved Text: In order to accurately forecast the likelihood of icing along your route of flight you need to know the following; the temperature range and moisture content of the air, the stability of the air – are there fronts or mountain ranges than can lift this air? You must know the cloud tops and bases along the route of flight in case you need to exit icing conditions and of course you must know what he underlying terrain elevations are.
cloud formation, Stratiform or Cumulus Clouds.
Stratiform clouds develop in uniform horizontal layers usually because they are formed by lifting layers of stable air. They generally contain lower amounts of liquid water. They generally cover larger areas, and generally the icing layer in Stratiform clouds is less than 3000 feet and icing is found below 15000 feet. In Stratiform clouds if encountering icing, activate the deicing system and climb or descend 3000 feet.
Cumulus Clouds are formed when there is ample moisture and the air mass is unstable. The vertical growth of these clouds depends on how unstable the air is. They are usually limited in horizontal area. The icing in these clouds can cover many thousands of feet. In cumulus clouds the icing encounters are generally short but severe, and the formation of SLD is more likely. The horizontal extent of these clouds is generally 2-6 miles. Icing is generally found from 27000 feet and below at temperatures from -2c to -20c. Pilots around Cumulus clouds at temperatures between -2 and -20c should remain clear of cloud, navigate laterally

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.84669
Retrieved Text: Disinfection by products are a family of chemicals formed when these disinfectants react with naturally occurring organic matter and other substances in the source water. DPB’s have heterogeneous structures which are suspected carcinogens as a result of the reaction between NOMs (Natural Organic Matter) and oxidants/disinfectants such as chlorine. The levels of disinfection by products depend upon the nature of the source water, the type of treatment used to remove particles and organic matter, and the type and concentration of disinfectants. The levels can also change with the seasons of the year due to the levels of rainfall.
Many disinfection by products are bio accumulative, they are not destroyed by the body and can accumulate in body tissues. High levels of DPB’s in tap water can have possible adverse effects on reproductive health, including low birth weight and miscarriage. Chlorine causes hundreds of DPB’s to form when used as a disinfectant in water. For example. Trihalomethanes (THM) are a group of four chemicals ( Choloform, Bromodichloromethane, Dibromochloromethane and Bromoform). These are formed along with other disinfection by products when chlorine and other disinfectants are used to control microbial contaminants in drinking water react with naturally occurring organic matter (NOM) and inorganic matter in water. The concentration of the chlorine dose in water can affect the THM formation. THM formation however can be minimised by avoiding the use of pre-chlorination.
THM’s continue to form in drinking water as long as sufficient disinfectant residuals and reactive precursors are present in water. THM’s have high chemical stability and persist in the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.515842
Retrieved Text: Download "Chapter 19: Our Galaxy"
3 19.1 The Milky Way Revealed Our goals for learning: What does our galaxy look like? How do stars orbit in our galaxy?
4 What does our galaxy look like?
7 If we could view the Milky Way from above the disk, we would see its spiral arms.
8 How do stars orbit in our galaxy?
9 Stars in the disk all orbit in the same direction with a little up-and-down motion.
10 Orbits of stars in the bulge and halo have random orientations.
11 Thought Question Why do orbits of bulge stars bob up and down? A. They're stuck to interstellar medium. B. Gravity of disk stars pulls them toward the disk. C. Halo stars knock them back into the disk.
12 Thought Question Why do orbits of bulge stars bob up and down? A. They're stuck to interstellar medium. B. Gravity of disk stars pulls them toward the disk. C. Halo stars knock them back into the disk.
13 The Sun's orbital motion (radius and velocity) tells us the mass within Sun's orbit: M Sun That is kg! Or, 190,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000, 000,000,000 kg.
14 Orbital Velocity Law The orbital speed (v) and radius (r) of an object on a circular orbit around the galaxy tell us the mass (M r ) within that orbit.
15 What have we learned? What does our galaxy look like? Our galaxy consists of a disk of stars and gas, with a bulge of stars at the center of the disk, surrounded by a large spherical halo. How do stars orbit in our galaxy? Stars in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.093678
Retrieved Text: There’s a weird cloud formation over the Victorian town of Wonthaggi today.
Don’t panic folks. It’s not a UFO. Nor is it an “earthquake light”, which can reportedly warn of tectonic stress or a pending seismic event.
Such holes are formed when the water temperature in the clouds is below freezing but the water has not frozen yet due to the lack of ice nucleation particles (see supercooled water). When ice crystals do form it will set off a domino effect, due to the Bergeron process, causing the water droplets around the crystals to evaporate: this leaves a large, often circular, hole in the cloud.
The spokesman said it can also be sparked by aircraft under certain conditions. And while it’s sadly not an alien approach, he said it is rare, particularly to have one captured in photos.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.859394
Retrieved Text: A cloud is a collection of water droplets or ice crystals in the atmosphere which occurs because of condensation or moisture compaction that is contained in the air after going beyond the State saturated.
A cloud is a visible mass of water droplets or frozen crystals in the region of the atmosphere above the surface of the Earth or another planet. Clouds are formed due to condensation or compaction process of water vapor contained in the air after going beyond the State saturated. Any water vapor contained in the air will change due to condensation (compacting) into water spots – to form clouds.
Clouds can produce rain, rain itself is formed by the process of the water cycle on the clouds. The rain that is formed has many benefits for mankind and the Earth. Some of the benefits of rain is to fertilize crops, water supplies, electricity sources, improve air quality, etc.
Clouds can eliminate the hot weather and provide coolness.
The cloud also protects us from radiation beams ulktraviolet directly.
Clouds can make a man estimate the wind direction so that it can be useful as an indicator of weather and climate prediction.
If hot air, more vapor contained in the air due to the water more quickly. Hot air laden with the water then would go up high, to arrive at a single layer with a lower temperature, the steam will melt and then resulting in a molecular cloud, a water point of infinite number.
If the clouds are already formed, the point of the water in the cloud will become

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.761482
Retrieved Text: Clouds are one possible exception, because they both act to amplify global warming (being made of water vapor) and dampen it (being white and reflective). Which effect wins out depends on the type of cloud, and so whether clouds act to accelerate or slow global warming depends on exactly how the formation of different types of clouds changes in a hotter world. That’s hard to predict, so many contrarians have wishfully argued that clouds will essentially act as a thermostat to control global warming.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.516844
Retrieved Text: Historically, Galactic and extragalactic star formation have largely been separate research fields with only indirect connections, but new observational capabilities finally allow us to study star formation in nearby galaxies at scales that can be directly compared to our Galactic neighbourhood. While local studies of star formation will remain unsurpassed in spatial resolution and sensitivity, they are inevitably limited to comparably small samples of star-forming regions. A much wider range of such regions, located in Giant Molecular Clouds (GMCs), can now be systematically observed in nearby galaxies, to test star formation relations observed in the Solar neighbourhood. In this project, we will study GMCs in the famous Andromeda galaxy (M31). We have just started a large-scale programme with the Submillimeter Array (SMA), located on Mauna Kea (Hawaii), to produce the first resolved measurements of gas and dust in GMCs beyond the Magellanic Clouds, in a parameter range inaccessible even to ALMA. This PhD project will be carried out within the framework of this observing programme and will aim to characterize star-forming regions and their host clouds using these unique observations as well as a wealth of multi-wavelength datasets. It may be possible to spend some fraction of this PhD project at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts (USA), to work with team members and SMA staff there.
What is the origin of elements? Just after the Big Bang, only H, He, Li, Be, B are formed. Heavier elements are formed in stars. Supernovae (core-collapse and Type Ia supernovae) produce the elements up to zinc. Some

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.50045
Retrieved Text: Galaxies are the building blocks of the universe. Their main components are stars, dust and gas clouds. Many dust and gas clouds harbour newly formed stars. Supermassive black holes can be found in the nuclei of almost all galaxies. A small fraction of galaxies have a very bright nucleus, a so-called active galactic nucleus (AGN), within some cases an energy output that exceeds the amount of radiation from all the stars in the galaxy. This energy is believed to arise from the accretion of matter onto the supermassive black hole.
In this thesis images of early-type spiral galaxies and the nuclei of radio galaxies are analyzed. The images, from ESO's Very Large Telescope, and from the Spitzer Space Telescope, have been taken in the mid-infrared, a wavelength region that only recently has become available due to new detector-developments. This thesis shows that the mid-infrared provides an excellent method to study the stellar populations and star formation across galaxies and the accretion activity of their central supermassive black holes.
Conclusions that follow from this work are: (i) The central regions of early-type spiral galaxies show a large range of star formation rates and modes. (ii) Using a combination of mid-infrared colours one can detecting active galactic nuclei with a low accretion efficiency very efficently. (iii) Infrared images can be used very well to study the nature of the nuclear activity in the active galactic nuclei of radio galaxies.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.454773
Retrieved Text: Strange square clouds, roll clouds from horizon to horizon, UFOs disguised as clouds, V-shaped - diamond-shaped anomalies in the sky, hole punches in cloud formations caused by unknown objects falling through the clouds, many unexplained things happen in the atmosphere.
An enormous hole appeared in the sky photographed by a driver as he drove down a highway in France. At first glance it looks like an ordinary hole punch but this hole has been fabricated by a circular/flying saucer shaped anomaly near the gaping hole what looks like a lenticular cloud.
It seems unlikely that it was just a lenticular cloud that came through the cloud formation. Looking at this anomaly that seemly moves away from the hole then it is more likely that the photographer has photographed a cloaked UFO.
Not only cloaked UFOs move through the skies, what about the v-shaped objects that manifest themselves as shadow figures in the sky.
And we have the strange square clouds, cloud formations that seem to have been formed in such an unnatural way that it makes me feel that these clouds have been created by weather modification.
Take a look at the next two videos from Mrmb333 showing some of the latest unexplained phenomena in the sky.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.39616
Retrieved Text: One of the findings was carried out thanks to ESO’s ALMA (Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array) radio telescope and was published in the journal “Nature”. It was used to analyze the protoplanetary disk around the star MWC 480, which has an estimated age of just one million years. It has a mass approximately twice that of the Sun and has a distance of 455 light years from Earth.
The planetary system of the star MWC 480 is just beginning to form from a disk of dust around it and for this reason is very interesting. The observations with ALMA allowed to detect the presence of methyl cyanide and hydrogen cyanide in the outer regions of the disk. That’s the area analogous to the Kuiper Belt in the Sun’s Solar System, the area beyond Neptune where there are icy planetesimals, the primordial objects at the base of the formation of the planets, and comets.
Studies of comets already provided evidence that in the nebula that gave birth to the Sun and its planet there were a lot of water and organic molecules. The discovery of complex molecules in large quantities in a newborn solar system provide a new proof that this type of chemistry exists elsewhere in the universe as well.
A very important element of this research is the amount of those molecules, really huge. They are much more abundant in the system MWC 480 than in interstellar clouds. This means that at least a good part of them were formed together with that solar system.
Another study published in the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.368773
Retrieved Text: Think about what you know about weather patterns and weather reports. What do you think causes weather?
I think weather is maybe caused by how the Earth revolves around the sun in a way because since it moves around it, since the sun shines in different places on Earth at different times it could cause it to change.
I claim weather is caused by many ways, for example like condensation, precipitation, evaporation, ect. With condensation it is when water vapor turns into liquid. When there is precipitation it is rain, snow, sleet, hail, ect. With evaporation its when liquid turns into water vapor and goes into the atmosphere.
I think that air masses, cold fronts, warm fronts, and varying amounts of pressure in the atmosphere causes weather to change. I claim this because when two air masses collide it causes bad weather. When a cold front comes it brings cold and stormy weather. When a warm front comes it brings warm and fair weather. Low pressure produces condensation which creates clouds and high pressure does not produce clouds so there is fair weather and no precipitation.
I claim that the water cycle is a huge factor in what causes weather. My evidence is when there is warm weather, the water is going to evaporate. Then the water will condensate and form clouds. When the temperature is colder and there are clouds, there will most likely be precipitation.
I think weather depends on the atmosphere and the sun because weather is in the atmosphere and the sun can make it hot and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.17428
Retrieved Text: “Research from the Great Barrier Reef off the Australian coast shows that corals are packed full of the chemical dimethyl sulphide, or DMS. When released into the atmosphere, DMS helps clouds to form, which could have a large impact on the local climate.
Graham Jones of the Southern Cross University in Lismore, Australia, and colleagues measured DMS concentrations in corals in the Great Barrier Reef and its surrounding water. They found that the mucus exuded by the coral contained the highest concentrations of DMS so far recorded from any organism. A layer rich in DMS formed at the sea surface above the reef, where it was picked up by the wind.
In the air, DMS is transformed into an aerosol of tiny particles on which water vapour can condense to form clouds. This sulphur compound is also produced in large amounts by marine algae and gives the ocean its distinctive smell. Algae play a vital part in regulating Earth's climate, but no one had looked at whether coral reefs might have a similar role. “The coral is a concentrated source of DMS, which could affect the formation of clouds in that region,” says Peter Liss, an environmental chemist and DMS expert at the University of East Anglia, Norwich, UK.
The research also raises another intriguing possibility: that coral can use a Gaia-like feedback mechanism to regulate the amount of sunlight they are exposed to. The “Gaia theory” is that life on Earth regulates its environment to keep itself healthy.
In lab experiments, Jones and his team showed that corals produce

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.943325
Retrieved Text: 2000, to Carol M. Browner, Administrator, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), expressing your concern about fibers the Chemtrail Research Fund state are *falling from the sky,* following aircraft flights. We appreciate this matter being brought to the attention of the EPA. We are not aware of any program to disperse fibrous material on U.S. population centers or other parts of the country from jet or any other type of aircraft. What we can do is briefly explain how jet engine exhaust occasionally forms contrails, and what EPA is doing to reduce the emissions from these aircraft engines as a byproduct of fuel combustion.
Jet aircraft engines emit tiny particles that serve as condensation nuclei. High-altitude water vapor collects on these particles, crystallizes, in turn creating streaks of frozen water vapor, otherwise known as contrails, from airplanes operating at high altitudes. Some contrails join with other contrails and expand into huge, natural-looking clouds of cirrus characteristics that can cover large areas of the sky. (Cirrus clouds are wispy white, usually a natural phenomenon, consisting of minute ice crystals formed at high altitudes of 20,000 to 40,000 feet.) Research by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has recognized this process of jet aircraft cloud formation as a potential problem for blocking sunlight, but not solar heat reaching the earth, thereby acting as a thermal blanket and perhaps contributing to global warming.
A 1999 report issued by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, entitled, Aviation and the Global Atmosphere, discusses contrail formation and its effects in more detail. A copy

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.941677
Retrieved Text: Describes how one type of rock can change into another type.
Earth has a dynamic system. Lithosphere floats on a molten mantle. Rocks are created and the re-melted in an ongoing process. There's no sample of rock unchanged since the Earth was formed. Molten magma cools and forms igneous rocks. Tectonic processes uplift the rocks exposing them to weathering process. Igneous rocks are broken down into granular material, that are transported and deposited to form sedimentary rocks (tectonic basins). Sediments buried and subjected to heat and pressure create metamorphic rocks. Heated sufficiently to melt forming magma.
WHAT MAGMA IS CALLED ONCE IT REACHES THE EARTH'S SURFACE.
A type of igneous rock that generally contains large crystals and forms when magma cools slowly beneath Earth's surface, Igneous bodies that have crystallized within the crust.
Eruption of magma and ash onto the Earth's surface where they cool to form lava flows and ash deposits., Extrusive Igneous rocks are formed on the surface of earth form lava. They have small or no crystals because they form quickly.
Describes metamorphic rocks that lack distinct layers or bands., Marble & quartzite are what type of metamorphic rock?
Force per surface area where the force is normal to the surface: measured in pascals.
Based on mineral composition and texture. Meta rocks are either foliated or non foliated. Foliated is when the crystals are arranged in bands, and non foliated has grains in random orientations.
sedimentary rock in which older rocks, unless disrupted, are on the bottom, this forms in layers with the oldest layer at the bottom.
Calcite(most common) precipitates out

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.881516
Retrieved Text: Interstellar dust grains have their origin in the material ejected by stars. They form in dense, relatively cool environments such as the atmospheres of red giant stars, and are released into the interstellar medium by radiation pressure, stellar winds or in material thrown off in stellar explosions. They generally start off as carbon or silicate grains, which later accumulate additional atoms of the most abundant elements (hydrogen, oxygen, carbon, nitrogen) to form icy mantles of water ice, methane, carbon monoxide, and ammonia. All of this is encased in a sticky outer layer of molecules and simple organic compounds created through interaction of the mantle with incoming UV light.
Dust grains scatter and absorb blue light very efficiently. For this reason, scattered light appears bluer and transmitted light redder than the light emitted by the source.
such as in reflection nebulae, will be blue in colour.
While dust grains make up only about 1% of the mass of the interstellar medium, they have a very important role in the formation of stars.
Firstly, the surfaces of dust grains operate as little chemical factories, bringing together atoms that might otherwise rarely meet and catalyzing their reactions. For example, with the conditions present in molecular clouds, it is quite rare that two colliding hydrogen atoms would stick to form a molecule. However, H2 molecules can form when the atoms are attached to the sticky tar-like surface of a dust grain which is able to absorb the excess energy of the collision.
Secondly, dust helps to reduce the ionisation level of an interstellar gas cloud.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.845139
Retrieved Text: I am working on the formation of stars and planetary systems. Stars are formed by a gravitational collapse of molecular cloud cores. As the cores have angular momentum, new-born stars are surrounded by circumstellar disks. The disks are birth sites of planetary systems, and thus are called “protoplanetary disks”. Molecular clouds and protoplanetary disks consist of molecular gas and small dust grains. Chemical composition of these gas and dust, i.e. raw material of planetary systems, is important for planetary system formation. Astronomers observe radiation from the cores and disks to study how the stars and planetary systems are formed. Choices of molecular lines are important, since the molecular abundances vary with time, density, and temperature. In planetary sciences, chemical compositions of the primordial matter, such as comets and meteorites are intensively observed and analyzed to investigate the origin of our Solar system. Theoretical modeling and observation of disk chemistry will link these information on the Solar system to more general astronomical phenomena. I mainly work on the numerical simulations of molecular evolution in molecular clouds and protoplanetary disks, which are compared with observations.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.801754
Retrieved Text: Using the Subaru Telescope, the CFHT and NASA’s GALEX, astronomers reveal unprecedented views of the star formation process of a Blue Supergiant star located in the constellation Virgo.
A duo of astronomers, Dr. Youichi Ohyama (Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Academia Sinica or ASIAA, Taiwan) and Dr. Ananda Hota (UM-DAE Center for Excellence in the Basic Sciences or CBS, India), has discovered a Blue Supergiant star located far beyond our Milky Way Galaxy in the constellation Virgo. Over fifty-five million years ago, it emerged in an extremely wild environment, surrounded by intensely hot plasma (a million degrees centigrade) and amidst raging cyclone winds blowing at four-million kilometers per hour. Research using the Subaru Telescope, the Canada-France-Hawaii-Telescope (CFHT) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA) Galaxy Evolution Explorer (GALEX) revealed unprecedented views of the star formation process in this intergalactic context and showed the promise of future investigations of a possibly new mode of star formation, unlike that within our Milky Way.
About one thousand galaxies reside in a cluster filled with million-degree hot plasma and dark matter. The Virgo cluster, the nearest cluster of galaxies located about 55 million light years from Earth in the constellation Virgo, is an ideal laboratory to study the fate of gas stripped from the main body of galaxies falling into the intra-cluster medium. Does star formation take place in the clouds of stripped gas? If so, how? Dr. Ohyama and Dr. Hota focused on the trail of IC 3418 to explore a potentially new mode of star formation. Dr. Hota has

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.628143
Retrieved Text: This is an alphabetical listing of UK companies showing 1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. through to 1 2 3 POLESTAR LLC . This listing is for companies whose name starts with the character 1. These companies are on the company registrar and therefore registered with the UK Government organisation, Companies House. This list covers private limited companies, public limited companies, limited liability partnerships and registered overseas organisations. Sole traders will not be listed here. Why is this useful?
1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. MIAMI BEACH, FL 1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. was formed 7 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HEALTH PLAN, INC. HENDERSON, NV 1 2 3 HEALTH PLAN, INC. was formed 12 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HEARTRATE INC , California We do not know the formation date yet of 1 2 3 HEARTRATE INC. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HOME REALTY, INC. MIAMI, FL 1 2 3 HOME REALTY, INC. was formed 15 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HOME LOANS, INC. MIAMI, FL 1 2

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.475643
Retrieved Text: What types of deposits form in marine steam power plants?
Sept. 19, 2018, 8:52 a.m.
There are several types of matter which can form deposits in Steam Power Plants.
Corrosion products on metal surfaces are a form of deposits. They can be formed and remain in place on metal surfaces and eventually become quite thick.
Corrosion products can also be detached from the metal surface where they were formed and can be carried along by the condensate or feedwater as suspended solids. These corrosion products can redeposit in other locations. Iron oxide and copper oxides formed on and released from the surfaces in a condensate and feedwater system usually form deposits in a boiler. Corrosion products can also be released from steel surfaces within a boiler and can be transported to other locations in the boiler by the circulating boiler water. Almost all corrosion products are insoluble in boiler water.
Deposits of insoluble corrosion products can often be found lying in the bottom of drums and headers. In these locations they usually do not lead to any problems. Corrosion products can also deposit on boiler tubing surfaces where they can act as thermal insulation, retarding heat transfer and thereby causing the boiler tubing to become overheated. Corrosion product deposits lead to the formation of corrosion sites for the caustic or acid attack.
Corrosion product deposits are minimized by proper control of pH, oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Calcium and magnesium (hardness) from seawater can form deposits called scale in a number of locations in power plants. The scale is a deposit of minerals that

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Where do beads of water come from?" and the following answer choices: 
- Too much water
 - underground systems
 - When the water is too cold
 - Water spills
 - Vapor turning into a liquid
 - Warm air moving into cold air
 - At the peak of a mountain
 - To another location like underground

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and condensation is the change of water vapor to a liquid, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Vapor turning into a liquid

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.6496
Retrieved Text: If you’re a mom, the answer is yes. When I was with my girl all day every day I usually carried a diaper bag, but as she got older I got a bag that was big enough to stick in a diaper or two, wipes, a snack or four, a drink and all my stuff, too.
Now that I’m not around her all the time, there’s not usually a diaper and wipes in my bag, but there are usually snacks, and lots of random stuff, some kid-related, some not.
My bag is stuffed full of stuff!
What Does This Have to Do with Water Beads?
You can sort of see the beads, but when they're well covered they do disappear.
You can sort of see what it is, mostly because the water is dirty from hanging out in my purse for days, but what it is is a cup of water with clear water beads inside. It turns out that if you cover clear water beads with water, you can’t see them. It’s pretty cool to watch them “disappear” and then see kids poke around in the cup feeling something they can’t see.
This fun fact (and the cup) come courtesy of a friend’s Mad Science birthday party we went to over the weekend. They called the water beads “jelly balls” and gave each kid a cup to take home. Fun was had by all. Except maybe the birthday girl, who was a little freaked by all the weird stuff happening (and all the people) in her house.
Anyway, I had never thought

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.168425
Retrieved Text: Ever miss the thrill of Arts & Crafts now that you're an adult? Whether you want to draw outside the lines or origami that crappy phone bill... Do it with an adult beverage (or mocktail) in hand! Yea!
Come on out after work on Wednesday to the Tavern on Prospect here in Junction City a few doors down the boardwark from us for the very cool Chevron Bracelet . We will teach you to combine glass beads and jump rings with leather to make this trendy bracelet that can be rustic or sophisticated depending on the beads and leather you choose. Many bead and leather color combinations will be available to choose from.
Bring your friends, family, or drag the co-workers you actually like.. it's ok, we won't judge.
Where: Tavern on Prospect outdoor patio, here in Junction City across from the water tower.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.809544
Retrieved Text: Water beads are irresistible! For this invitation to play we provided lots of ways to explore the water beads that involved using fine motor skills.
Both our toddler and preschooler wanted to explore the water beads as a sensory experience first! The beads are slippery, squishy, solid, and wet. Investigating the bin full of water beads with all of their senses warmed up their fine motor muscles.
What are water beads? Read about them here!
I presented a wooden scissors holder that we found this week at the Lancaster Reuse Center. Not only is this stand perfect for organizing a classroom. it can also be repurposed for hands on activities like this one. The holder worked perfectly with the water beads because some of the orbs were large enough to sit on top, smaller ones slipped through (and bounced away!), and others needed a poke to squish through the holes!
We played a fine motor transfer game when I asked our toddler to fill up a bottle with the water beads. He was excited when he got them in and he also had so much fun chasing the ones he dropped as they bounced all over the deck!
We could have continued with this activity beyond the hour that we played. In fact our toddler D threw a fit when it was time to stop this activity to come inside for lunch so I'd say this Fine Motor Fridays idea was a huge hit!
We love water beads too!
They are addicting! What is your favorite thing to do with them?
You'll have to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.754126
Retrieved Text: Water beads are super user friendly and are excellent for holiday decor, like Halloween. They come in a wide variety of colors to match any party theme or style. Take a look at this gallery detailed list to learn the way you can use water beads to make awesome beautiful indoor decorations.
All you have to do is simply add water and the beads are all set. By simply adding more fiber and not as much water, you’ll get a less-sticky variant of the slime that’s closer to solid. As you hydrate, you’re going to be helping curb bad habits. There are perfect ideas for water beads decor those who save empty wine bottles because there could be certain exceptional memories related to them.
To bring the second color, orange, you will need to thoroughly place the orange water beads in addition to the yellow water beads. You must have some kind of container to pour the gel and produce the candle.
Whenever you have gorgeous parts of glass art, it is necessary that you create the the majority of their elegant beauty. Continue reading to learn how to produce your own watering can that pours crystals.
Excellent crystal water beads stay colorfast throughout. Though a single coat of paint could be sufficient sometimes, others might require two to three coats. You’re able to even utilize modest stones.
As a way to earn a candle holder with water beads, you are in need of a base and the chief structure. Simply gluing together parts of paper over untreated wood isn’t going

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.61096
Retrieved Text: These glowing water beads are the coolest thing ever. They are so much fun for children of all ages, and adults too! They can be used for sensory play, Halloween, imaginative play and more.
We love playing with water beads and have used them in a variety of ways. I have to say, glowing water beads are our favorite, with frozen water beads as a close second. To make the glowing water beads I first made glow water. Glow water is simple to make, and my boys even like to help. To make glow water you need yellow highlighters. I prefer to use non toxic highlighters since my kids will have their hands in the water created from the ink. As with all sensory activities we wash our hands after play.
Directions: Break open a yellow highlighter. Use caution while breaking it, because little bits of plastic can go flying. Next run water through the inside of the broken pen to get all of the yellow from inside then run the spongy part under the water. JZ (4) wanted to help, so he held the sponge and squeezed the yellow out.
*Update* The first time I made glow water I held it under running water. The second time I made it I smarted up and cut the spongy part open. The glow rinsed into the water in seconds. Easy peasy.
To make glowing water beads soak clear water beads in glow water for several hours. I have made glowing water beads both from brand new water beads and from already

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.360758
Retrieved Text: The moon is the natural satellite of the earth. The Apollo missions began in 1960s and since then the moon has been a source of resources that would be helpful for the mankind. Another remarkable revelation that has recently been propounded by the scientist at the Brown University is that there may be water deep inside the moon. The scientists have come to this conclusion after studying the satellite image where the water was discovered trapped in glass beads, in early ash and rocks that volcanoes emitted over the surface of the moon.
Almost the entire volcanic deposits propose the existence of water which indicates that majority interior of the moon is watery. This may be a blessing in disguise for future missions as water can be drawn out from the volcanic deposits. The volcanic glass beads do not contain a lot of water but the volcanic material gives out a lot of scope to work with. Some of the volcanic refuse is overspread thousands of kilometers and also run several kilometers deep.
The Moon will be a good training ground for sending people to Mars as well as a canvas for training or testing equipment. However, scientists always think if this exercise of extraction of water be worth the cost? Another point that the scientists contemplate is the origin of the moon. They think that moon was formed out of the debris that was left behind when the planet sized asteroid banged into planet Earth.
The finding and existence of water suggest that maybe the water was formed

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.20157
Retrieved Text: My sister likes to watch the adverts between her favourite TV shows and see what she would like to save her pocket money for and for the last few weeks she has had her eye on Aquabeads– or as she calls them Aquabeads just add water’!
She was really excited when we were asked if we would like to review a set and even more excited when they arrived and she found she had been sent the Aquabeads Disney Princess Playset.
Lottie was desperate to get started straight away but we thought it would be best to wait until after Sam was in bed because he is still a little young for them so one night once he was tucked up we opened the set up and had a proper look.
It was really easy to use- she had to chose a template and put it in the holder. This showed her which colour beads went where. For her first attempt Lottie chose to make Ariel because she loves Mermaids. She soon got into putting the beads on the grid and before long the princess started to look like an actual princess.
Once Lottie had finished putting all her Aquabeads in place she got to spray the design with water and then drain some of it off before leaving it to set for ten minutes and using a special tool to lift them up off the template. The first time we tried they didn’t come off very well so we pushed them back into place and added a lot more

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.14198
Retrieved Text: A satin beaded gown or accessory makes an elegant style statement, but if the item falls under the vintage category, special cleaning care is needed. Satin pieces that are embellished or covered with beads may tear easily under the weight of the beading, and hand washing the article could permanently discolor the satin. With a few helpful tips, you can keep your vintage item looking good for many more years to come.
Lay the item on a flat clean surface. Examine the beading and the fabric, noting any damaged areas.
Place the garment on a hanger, and cover it with a mesh bag. If the item is a purse or belt, place it inside a mesh bag without hanging it. Gently vacuum the garment, using the slitted tube attachment on your vacuum cleaner. Avoid contact with any areas missing beads.
Remove the mesh bag. Set up a handheld steamer with water. Steam clean the garment, keeping the wand 8 to 10 inches away from the satin. You want to lightly steam the item, not soak it or saturate it with water.
Wipe dust from the beads with a lint-free cloth. For deep set dirt, dab the cloth with vinegar, and wipe the beads, avoiding contact with the satin as much as possible.
Store cleaned, beaded satin in a drawer lined with acid-free tissue paper.
When in doubt, take the item to a dry cleaner who specializes in restoring vintage clothing.
Vintage clothing collectors should not expect to restore the original brightness of the fabric's colors.
If you do not have a slitted tube attachment

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.82721
Retrieved Text: 1 Vintage Acrylic Beads Blue Green Scarabe Finish Twisted Plastic Resin Bead 40mm x 15mm. Unusual iridescent blue green scarabe finish focal beads made from quality acrylic.
These oil on water acrylic beads are 40mm in length hole to hole by 15mm at their widest point. These vintage acrylic beads have deep twisted rounded flutes running across their surface enhancing reflections.
These acrylic beads come from unused vintage stock.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.814806
Retrieved Text: Home CAR CARE What Causes Water Spots on Cars? Here’s The Real Answer.
If you’ve ever owned a car, you’ve seen a water spot. Small, white-ish stains on your otherwise immaculate finish, they leave many asking just what causes water spots on cars. Simply put, they come from beads of water resting on your paint, which dry and leave behind a residue. That’s why it’s so important to have a ceramic coating that will either let those beads roll away or sheet them off immediately before they have a chance to dry.
Water can be divided into two categories: hard and soft. No, we’re not referring to alcohol content—we’re talking content of the mineral variety. Water with a high amounts of magnesium or calcium is said to be “hard”, while water with low amounts of those minerals is called “soft”.
Mineral content of water is largely determined by the geology of the water source’s surrounding area, so if you’re somewhere with a lot of limestone, chances are your tap water are very hard. That being said, though, just because your water is soft doesn’t mean there’s no mineral content—soft water actually contains high levels of sodium.
Getting back to water spotting: When a bead with mineral content evaporates, it leaves all of that mineral content behind. After all, solids can’t evaporate like liquids do; that’s just physics. That remnant forms a residue, which while at first is easy to remove, will soon become a stubborn stain that may even etch into your finish.
Imagine a bead sitting on paint. Because of

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.687328
Retrieved Text: Looking for the ultimate in fishing beads? If so, you’ve come to the right place. We at Stone Cold Beads use only the highest quality natural gemstones for our fishing beads. Our goal is to provide an environmentally friendly alternative to lead, plastic and glass fishing beads as well as produce a superior product in every way.
Stone Cold beads are made from brilliant natural gemstones like coral, agate, carnelian, topaz, jade, quartz, and more. We focus our buying efforts on sourcing only the most effective fish attracting colors for our gemstone fishing beads which have been rigorously tested and most importantly proven to catch fish. Stone Cold Beads are the true gem of the bead fishing industry, providing anglers with one of a kind, hard to find fishing beads and lures.
What makes Stone Cold Beads better? Our beads are not only beautiful and attractive to fish, but they are also heavier because of the dense makeup of beads made from natural stone.
As a result, Stone Cold Beads are much stronger than traditional glass beads or plastic fishing beads and sink much faster as well, getting your set up down in the water where it needs to be.
When we purchase our gemstone beads we focus on purchasing beads that will be strong so they will hold up better under the extreme conditions of drift fishing where your lure is bounced across the bottom of a river or stream colliding with several rocks along the way it’s important to have a bead that will hold up and keep

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.676092
Retrieved Text: Hydration beads, floral bead, water beads, polymer beads are all the same thing. Typically used in fancy floral arrangements, these wonderful hydration beads have the magical ability to absorb water. They can hold water for several days before they dehydrate. Toss them in water to re-hydrate to use them again. Here, I'll show you how to use these beads to make a really simple cooling band.
The most important item that you are going to need to find are the hydration beads. They can come fully hydrated as shown in the photo, usually in the floral section. You can also find them dehydrated in small packages. If you can find them hydrated in a jar, you should just need one (you'll need at least two packages if you find them dehydrated).
You will also need a bandana and a sewing machine.
If your hydration beads are already hydrated, your first step is to dehydrate them. Lay them out on a flat surface and allow them to dehydrate. It will take about a week to fully dry out. As you can see in the photo, there is a huge difference in size!
If you have found dehydrated beads, bonus! You can completely skip this step.
Unfortunately most that are sold are already hydrated.
Take out your bandana and fold it in half. Here, you could cut it narrower, or leave it as is.
Next, sew in some pockets (3cm wide), put in about a teaspoon of dehydrated beads, and sew the pocket shut. Sew the seams at least twice so that the beads stay

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.672676
Retrieved Text: Most people have seen the effects of limescale on the domestic kettle. It is that white chalk like substance that is left on the surface of the kettle.
Rain water is naturally soft when it falls from the sky, but once it reaches the ground, it then passes through numerous types of rock like chalk and limestone. The water picks up "HARD" Calcium and Magnesium minerals, turning the naturally soft water into hard water.
Many people do not feel the effects of hard water, as long as the minerals remain suspended in the water, but when water is heated up, these hard minerals come out of suyspension to form Limescale, which can be damaging to the heating elements and surrounding pipework (Hor Water Cylinder, Coffee machines, Kettles, Washing machines).
The Limescale Cartridges use a media called Polyphosphate which can virtually eliminate corrosion and scale build-up on fixtures and appliances by allowing the polyphosphate beads to slowly dissolve in the water which causes the calcium and magnesium to be held in suspension and not attach itself to the walls of the plumbing system. It basically binds the calcium not allowing it to attach itself. The dissolving beads apply a coating on the inside of the pipes and this also protects the plumbing system from corrosion.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.49156
Retrieved Text: Aquamarine is a wonderful stone. The cool, sea blue color is irresistible! And, with just a little attention, you can protect that blue color and your aquamarine will stay beautiful for years to come!
Follow the Golden Rule – Make your jewelry the last item you put on when getting dressed, and the first item you take off at in the evening. This keeps perfumes and hairspray from getting on the beads unnecessarily. In the long run, this will mean less cleaning for you!
Wash aquamarine beads in warm, soapy water. A soft brush, like an old toothbrush may be used for stubborn areas. Rise well and dry with paper towels. Avoid harsh chemicals like ammonia, and ultrasonic cleaning generally is not recommended.
Store your beads in a cool, dark, place. Aquamarine can fade with exposure to sunlight. This effect likely depends on the exact chemical nature of your particular beads, but it’s better to be proactive about this. Heat treatment is a common and acceptable treatment that makes green aquamarine more blue, but we know that if overdone, it can make a stone colorless. Oh no!
Wrap your beads in a soft, all cotton, cloth if they will be stored with other gemstones. This will protect them from scratches.
What tips do to have for storing your beaded jewelry?
Previous Need Beads? Anytime. Anywhere.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.483994
Retrieved Text: 100% Australian, family owned and operated online bead shop. Semi precious gemstone beads, Wood beads and more...... The easiest way to get this is to take a bowl from the Lumbridge Castle kitchen, and fill it with water at the sink. You can heat your Bowl of Water at the nearby range. After you give him the Bowl of hot water , the Healthy imp will vomit out the Phlegmatic bead .
That Bead Shop supplies everything for beading jewellery. Beaders all over Australia come to That Bead Shop for our quality products and friendly service. Beaders all over Australia come to That Bead Shop for our quality products and friendly service.... Browse through to find the largest range of Beads available online with high quality at best price for our valued shoppers.
Prep Work. Start with the prep work, which will take about 1.5 hours if done right. You can do this the night before if you don’t plan to drive your car anywhere before starting the paint correction process, which will help break this process up a little.
Runescape Herblore Calculator It also calculates the profit that can be made by buying all the raw herblore ingredients and making the final product. Herblore is a members-only skill and before you can begin using Herblore, you must first complete a short quest called Druidic Ritual .
27/09/2007 · Welcome, this is my guide on how to get a helluva lotta magic level with only.. You guessed it! 10 hp! FAQs: Q)Why the hell would I only want 99 magic,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.412546
Retrieved Text: Learn how you can make applique paper beads that look like ceramic or porcelain beads that have flowers and other designs painted on them after the bead is made.
Links below for products needed, are Amazon Affiliate Links and are there to make it easy for you to find and purchase the materials I used to make these beads.
Plain White 110lb index weight cardstock in white for best results.
Extra scrap paper to make waste beads if not using template paper.
White Glue for gluing bead as you go.
Glaze of your choice for glazing rolled beads. I use 2 coats PC-Petrifier and 2 Coats of Janice Mae's Vibrance.
Paper Bead Roller, your choice of size hole. I used 5/64"
Small container to keep your beads in until they are all rolled.
Small bottle for holding water.
Small dish to pour water into for dipping the decals into.
Cut your cardstock into strips first.
Layer your cutting template on top of your white cardstock. You are going to use this template for your waste beads once they are cut. Clip them together on the opposite side of where you will start cutting the cardstock into strips. Using the template does 2 things for you. It prevents unwanted, ugly, marks on your finished beads and it gives you paper strips for your waste beads, when you glaze them.
Following the cutting lines, cut your cardstock into strips and separate the template strips from your cardstock strips.
Using a 5/64" bead roller, roll the template strips into waste beads and set them aside.
NOTE: Make each bead one at a time,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.36095
Retrieved Text: "How come my hair won't lather?" That had become a familiar cry from the shower over the past month or so. "Is there enough salt in the softener?"
A quick trip to the basement verified that the salt in the Sears water softener was at least half full. Seemed as though it wasn't using as much salt as in the past though. Better increase the salt cycle a tad and see if that does the trick.
I guess here is as good a time for a bit of explanation as to just what a water softener is and how it works. Just what is hard water and how does one get it to be "soft" water? Well, if you lived in the Webster NY area for any length of time you would know that the results of having hard water are many. First and foremost, it is very hard to make suds with hard water. The water contains a lot of dissolved minerals, especially calcium. There is a very good chemical explanation as to why it is difficult to make suds with a high calcium content water but I won't go into that here. Another symptom of hard water is that there will be a white powder residue everywhere that the water settles. Wash and rinse your car with hard water and you will see spots all over the surface if you don't dry it thoroughly. Dishes washed in the sink have the same problem. Drinking hard water is supposed to be good for you - that is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.243382
Retrieved Text: Apparently 13 million people watched the Blue Planet 2 series. I was one of them on Sunday evening. Over the last three years, the Barrier Reef has had an exponential increase in the amount of dying coral. Where before there was a beautiful smorgasbord of colour, life and movement, now there is just the bones of bleached and dead coral. I was horrified. The cause? High levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere which turns into carbonic acid in the sea and dissolves the coral. And the main cause of high levels of carbon dioxide? Burning fossil fuels. I looked guiltily at the open fire and the coal burning in it. Yesterday evening, I declared an amnesty on my guilt as I could either hold on to feeling guilty and do nothing, or forgive myself, change my actions and do something positive. I looked up carbon neutral wood as a solid fuel alternative. Interestingly, many of the sawdust briquettes I looked at had the word Eco attached to them. I emailed one of the suppliers and asked were they produced in Ireland? The answer was no. So I wonder how environmentally friendly an Eco log or briquette is if it involves much burning of diesel while being transported across Europe. Anyway, today I found an Irish version. And the news gets better. There is no VAT tax on sawdust briquettes, and they also produce low amounts of ash. This means less weight in the dustbin. The ash can in fact be used as a fertiliser.
The second

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.173252
Retrieved Text: Camper Earning Her Navigation Bead!
Getting That Tipi Style Fire Down!
Learning the Route for the Day!
Campers' Shelter Passes the "Waterproof Test!"
Campers Deep Into Their Yoga Practice - Going for that Purple Bead!
Tipi Style or Log Cabin Style? We Can Learn Both!
Throughout camp, girls are learning outdoor camp skills such as building a campfire, reading a topographical map, purifying drinking water, cooking on camp stoves, Leave No Trace and more. Campers may choose to participate in earning "camp skill beads" by successfully completing tasks as outlined on Alpengirl camp skill cards. During our end of session awards ceremony, each Alpengirl camper receives a camp keepsake necklace to display the "Camp Skill Beads" that they have earned during the camp session. Regardless if campers earn camp skill beads, each camper receives a necklace and will have at least 3 "Alpengirl Beads" on it for attending camp.
Alpengirl keepsake necklaces are designed to grow by adding more beads each year (or each session) that a camper returns to Alpengirl. Necklaces are for campers to keep as camp mementos for many years to come and the beads will help each girl recall all that she gained from her Alpengirl camp experiences.
The first bead you will receive is the Annual Camp Bead, which represents the year you went to Alpengirl; it’s the signature Alpengirl bead. This bead is LARGER than all the other beads and is always purple in color. Wearing this bead acknowledges that you are not only a part of your immediate Alpengirl group, but are a member of a larger

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.171362
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t love a parade? On the Mississippi Gulf Coast, we have a parade for any and every reason! Seriously. You barely come to the end of the Christmas holidays and here comes Mardi Gras complete with up to 26 parades scheduled across our coastal communities. St. Patrick’s Day, Crusin’ the Coast, Veterans Day? You name it, we line the floats up. Don’t even get me started on the throws! You wouldn’t believe the things we’ve caught. Shot glasses, beads, footballs, beads, carrots, beads, backpacks, beads. Oh, and did I mention the beads?
But in my opinion, best of all are the Christmas lighted boat parades. In Long Beach, during the Sea Santa Sail-A-Bration, festively decorated boats cruise along the streets on boat trailers in a waterless boat parade. Gulfport hosts their yearly glittering Christmas on the Bayou parade and Biloxi ushers in the holidays with Christmas on the Water, another annual event showcasing still more spectacularly lighted boats.
While most folks pack a blanket and watch from the beaches of Biloxi for Christmas on the Water (or line the waterside edges of the casino parking garages), this year, we were thrilled to sail onboard the 100′ Capt. Pete which usually serves to ferry summer day-trippers to and from Ship Island.
Come along with us as we sail into the calm waters of the Mississippi Sound with this shimmering fleet.
And that, my friends, is how we celebrate Christmas on the Mississippi Gulf Coast!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.133917
Retrieved Text: how to acid washing silica beads beltconveyers.netAcid washing of beads removes contaminants that can silica sand washing plant &helip. ... Jan 14, 2014 More details ucrushers contact.html Get the price of silica sand washing plant acid . how to acid wash sand awesomesource.
Bulk Silica Gel Whether you are using bulk silica gel to minimize the negative effects of moisture damage due to climatic changes, minimize existing moisture contact, or as preventative measure, AGM offers a variety of bulk silica gel desiccants to meet your needs.
Acid washing also removes potentially deleterious heavy metals adsorbed to the surface of the bead. Acid washed beads are oven dried and baked prior to bottling, at which time they are suitable for most applications. Available in both silica (glass beads) and zirconium oxide in nine sizes.
Welcome to one of the largest China B2B marketplace. This silica gel beads company list contains a wide range of silica gel beads factories serving all industries. This trusted vertical directory contains premier China suppliers/vendors, trading companies, custom manufacturers (OEM/ODM) and plants.
The beads come in prefilled unskirted tubes. Glass (Silica) Beads are acid washed and processed to remove nucleases and proteases. The beads are available in three sizes (0.1, 0.5, and 1.0 mm), ideal for homogenizing microbial applications such as algae, bacteria, fungi, mold, spores, and yeast.
acid wash for silica sand May 20, 2017 shfwh. ... Homemade dishwasher detergent makes natural cleaning easy. Borax, washing soda, citric acid and salt make an effective and inexpensive natural option. 201758. HClO4 Material Safety Data Sheet Perchloric acid, 60%

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.129019
Retrieved Text: The optical tweezers apparatus is finally functioning, so I spent yesterday trying it out. I can't yet do what I want to do, but enough of the steps are working that I've been able to get to a new problem.
The various optical components have been adjusted, so now I could (sometimes) trap beads at the laser focus. This is quite fussy; most of the time the beads are pulled into the focus point (the trap) and then spit right out again. My colleague thinks this is probably because of a bit of astigmatism in the (cheap) laser, and because she's now using an oil-immersion lens rather than a water immersion lens. I don't understand why the oil immersion lens would be worse, as the oil is specially designed to have the same refractive index as the glass on either side of it (the objective lens and the cover slip) so oil causes less refraction than water. But anyway, the trap works best when it is within 20 microns of the coverslip/oil/lens. Unfortunately it's tricky to get this distance because the micrometer used to move the chamber forwards and back has quite a bit of wobble ('hysteresis').
I could also focus on the cells I had attached to the coverslip, and the images looked much clearer than they had before the optics were adjusted. Again though, the wobble in the micrometer made this somewhat imprecise. And once I'd trapped a bead I could use the micrometer to move the chamber away from the objective, thus bringing the trap

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.11945
Retrieved Text: We recently received this email asking whether gemstone beads (especially from China) are fake, and it’s a great opportunity to address not only her question, but related questions that we frequently get over the phone and in our Showroom.
This is a great question. Thanks for giving me the opportunity to describe how we deal with misinformation and misleading names in the bead industry. We’ve struggled with this for years ever since I learned from a rockhound that most black onyx started out as chalcedony treated with sugar water and then heated.
The simple answer is yes, there is a lot of misrepresentation and misleading information about beads from China and elsewhere.
No, it’s not just beads from China that are enhanced or misrepresented. It’s not that simple. Enhancing or misrepresenting gemstones is not limited to Chinese suppliers.
Most buyers do not realize that gem enhancement is ancient, easily 2500 years old. Black onyx enhancement is reported in the notebooks of Pliny the Elder.
Black onyx is treated with sugar and “carmelized” with heat.
Red carnelian is treated with acid in which iron has been dissolved and then heated.
Most blue sapphires are heat-treated yellow sapphires, often by the miners.
Most hematite beads are a manmade sintered iron oxide product, leading to names like Hematine, Hemalyke and hemalike.
All the “fruity quartz” names from a few years back are merely pretty glass.
“Opalite” is not a laser treated quartz. It’s a pretty glass with an opalescent quality, similar to milky opal crystal and Czech glass beads.
Magnesite is a neutral stone that takes dyes and treatments very

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.10987
Retrieved Text: I've been loving the color combination of charcoal gray and amber yellow and I saw these beads together on my work bench and this fantastic choker necklace practically created itself! The beautiful dark gray/brownish round beads are exotic horn beads that come from the horn of the water buffalo, called carabao in the Philippines.
Some of the horn beads in this collection are from the Philippines and some are from Vietnam. The water buffalo is a very important animal in both of these countries for farming, milk and sometimes for food. They are highly valued and are not killed for the horn; it is important culturally to use the entire animal and let nothing go to waste once the animal dies and this is one of the ways the horns are used.
The beautiful focal bead was created by artists in Kathmandu, Nepal and is amber tree resin capped by intricate silver work. The amber yellow beads are coconut wood from Indonesia. The other beads include pyrite, charcoal gray and silver gray hematite and silver. Meant to fit as a choker, this necklace measures 15" and has a 4" chain extender.
I have designed a whole Carabao Collection as can be seen in the pictures so be sure to check it out! The Carabao Charm Bracelet is to die for!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.023733
Retrieved Text: « Microbeads are in the News!
Crest MultiCare Whitening toothpaste. Photo by Scott Ehardt. Released into the public domain.
Plastic micro-beads can be used as very gentle abrasives, and are soft enough that they wind up being used as abrasives in toothpaste.
Many of us might ask why anything so benign could be a problem. Actually, the fact that they are so small is itself part of the problem. When we use them in toothpaste, they get between the teeth and the gums. They do not degrade easily, and most do not biodegrade at all. In addition to the fact that they do not decompose, they offer homes for bacteria to thrive. Dentists can remove them in normal cleaning, though this may require extra care.
Microbes also cause environmental damage. The largest micro-beads are mistaken for food by fish. The smallest, which can be as small as five micrometers, can be consumed by single-celled microbes. Some of the plastics absorb poisons and hold them in the food chain, concentrating in and leaching the poisons into larger predators, such as salmon and trout, the very food we like to eat.
We might think that the little bit of toothpaste we use should not be a problem. But if a dab of toothpaste contains a thousandth of an ounce of micro-beads, when hundreds of millions of people each spit down the drain, the tiny portions add up to tons. According to the state’s Attorney General, New York releases 19 tons each year. And where does the water from our drains eventually end up?
Some

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.979568
Retrieved Text: Should be tied properly: The beads should be tied properly with threads so that they do not come off. The beads are generally small in size and should be fastened together through threads securely. There should be knots given in between each of the threads as if only one bead gets loose and falls off, the other Amber beads are held firmly in their places. You can also use chains for using these beads. Since these are costly items, you should be careful that you do not lose even a single piece of them. Also, a missing bead in a piece of jewelry will render the piece of ornament unfit for wearing.
Should be in constant touch with the skin: The ambers are worn for getting certain healing effects. For allowing the best effects to take place, these objects should be in constant touching condition with the body skin. It is a great pain reliever and a stress buster. On wearing these objects constantly, lots of bone inflammation and pains of the joints will see healing effects. They are very helpful in the remedy of migraine and skin problems such as eczema. It can also help you stay calm and relaxed. It is also used in the healing procedure of thyroid problems.
Can be taken off before going to sleep: The amber beads which you wear to get some benefits are best worn while you are awake. They can be taken off when you are going to sleep. But to keep the healing process on, you can easily

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.921938
Retrieved Text: Using a Polyphosphate Filter Cartridge can virtually eliminate corrosion and scale build-up on fixtures and appliances by allowing the polyphosphate beads to slowly dissolve in the water which causes the calcium to be held in suspension and not attach itself to the walls of the plumbing system. It basically binds the calcium not allowing it to attach itself. The dissolving beads apply a coating on the inside of the pipes and this also protects the plumbing system from corrosion.
Many home plumbing systems and commercial systems incorporate this filter cartridge into the water treatment system, particularity where the water is very hard, or the water calcifies quickly in the hot water side of the system.
These cartridges contain food grade slow dissolve polyphosphate beads that dissolve slowly in water to inhibit scale and rust build-up. These cartridges are recommended for use with ice machines, coffee and vending machines, food service equipment, water heaters and many other types of water processing equipment.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.911703
Retrieved Text: Is your Water Softener still removing sufficient hardness, or do you see water spots or scale? Is water pressure still adequate, or does it seem lower than it used to? Do you feel like you run out of soft water in between cycles?
If you answered yes to any of these problems, your water softener resin may be worn out.
So what is “Water Softener Resin”, why does it wear out, and how long does it last?
Water Softeners use “Ion Exchange Resin Beads” that are little spheres that range from 0.3-1.2mm in size.
These beads are made by combining strands of Polystyrene which are wrapped around in a crisscross fashion, along with Divinylbenzene (DVB) which acts like a glue that holds the resin together.
The structure of the beads looks like a ball of spaghetti, where the noodles are held together in a pattern that looks like a chain link fence.
The number of “links” in the bead will determine its strength, and how long it lasts.
Most modern water softeners use 8% crosslink resin. A few High Performance Water Softeners use 10% crosslink resin, which has more “links in the chain” to increase durability.
How Do Resin Beads Work?
The crosslink structure contains negatively charged “exchange sites” that hold sodium ions. As water travels through the softener, positively charged ions like Calcium, Magnesium, and Iron will stick to the exchange sites on the bead.
99% of ion exchange happens INSIDE the resin bead.
As the Hard Water Ions “stick” to the bead, the sodium ions are knocked off the bead, and into the water supply.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.900621
Retrieved Text: Potable drinking water is essential for the good health of humans and it is a critical feedstock in a variety of industries such as food and pharmaceutical industries. For the first time, chitosan-alumina/functionalised multiwalled carbon nanotube (f-MWCNT) nanocomposite beads were developed and investigated for the reduction of various physico-chemical parameters from water samples collected from open wells used for drinking purposes by a rural community in South Africa. The water samples were analysed before and after the reduction of the identified contaminants by the nanocomposite beads. The nanocomposite beads were effective in the removal of nitrate, chromium and other physico-chemical parameters. Although, the water samples contained these contaminants within the WHO and SANS241 limits for no risk, the long-term exposure and accumulation is an environmental and health concern. The reduction of these contaminants was dependent on pH levels. At lower pH, the reduction was significantly higher, up to 99.2% (SPC), 91.0% (DOC), 92.2% (DO), 92.2% (turbidity), 96.5% (nitrate) and 97.7% (chromium). Generally, the chitosan-alumina/f-MWCNT nanocomposite beads offer a promising alternative material for reduction and removal of various physico-chemical parameters for production portable water.
Masheane, ML, Lebea Nthunya, SS Sambaza, SP Malinga, EN Nxumalo, BB Mamba, and SD Mhlanga. 2017. “Chitosan-based Nanocomposite Beads for Drinking Water Production.” In IOP Conference Series-Materials Science and Engineering. Vol. 195. Bristol, UK: IOP Publishing.
Masheane, ML, Nthunya, L., Sambaza, S., Malinga, S., Nxumalo, E., Mamba, B., & Mhlanga, S. (2017). Chitosan-based nanocomposite beads for drinking water production. IOP Conference Series-Materials Science and Engineering (Vol. 195). Presented at the 3rd International conference on Structural

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.824938
Retrieved Text: fabulous floating candle ideas for weddings we a this water candles centerpieces.
how to make water candles look online do stack floating for sale candle cente.
flower centerpieces with floating candles water for sale make image antique and candle how to ideas.
image 0 floating water candles aromaglow magical plastic oil.
floating water candles over sand and shells for sale cost acti.
small unscented floating water candles home decor birthday party aromaglow magical.
floating water candles led candle waterproof flickering tea light by activated yellow beads.
floating water candles disc candle wedding home floater decor party set tea magical.
waterproof led submersible candles tealight floating water fish tank decor lighting for wedding birthday party bar decoration c.
lot water floating candles home decoration wedding birthday party paraffin wax in from garden on cost.
how to make floating tea light candles for a beautiful centerpiece water pool.
water candles round floating candle small unscented for beads.
vases filled with water and pebbles look great underwater flowers candles on top floating beads centerpieces.
medium size of floating water candles for pool a how to make swimming candle holder centerpieces.
floating candles unite fire and water the flames reflection in creates a specially attractive ambiance these are ideal for weddings or party magical can.
hurricane vase filled with tinsel and water a floating candle is simple decor item candles biodegradable.
floating water candle candles cost.
fabulous floating candle ideas for weddings we a this water candles beads.
water candle centerpiece floating tea candles image antique and wedding flowers magical.
water candles best of out waste paper colourful candle stands set 3 floating magical.
water candles floating in candle flower

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What forms beads of water? " and the following answer choices: 
- Necklaces.
 - Steam.
 - Glass beads .
 - a wave
 - tiny
 - a solute
 - rain
 - Bracelets.

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and an example of water vapor is steam, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Steam.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.010384
Retrieved Text: Home CAR CARE What Causes Water Spots on Cars? Here’s The Real Answer.
If you’ve ever owned a car, you’ve seen a water spot. Small, white-ish stains on your otherwise immaculate finish, they leave many asking just what causes water spots on cars. Simply put, they come from beads of water resting on your paint, which dry and leave behind a residue. That’s why it’s so important to have a ceramic coating that will either let those beads roll away or sheet them off immediately before they have a chance to dry.
Water can be divided into two categories: hard and soft. No, we’re not referring to alcohol content—we’re talking content of the mineral variety. Water with a high amounts of magnesium or calcium is said to be “hard”, while water with low amounts of those minerals is called “soft”.
Mineral content of water is largely determined by the geology of the water source’s surrounding area, so if you’re somewhere with a lot of limestone, chances are your tap water are very hard. That being said, though, just because your water is soft doesn’t mean there’s no mineral content—soft water actually contains high levels of sodium.
Getting back to water spotting: When a bead with mineral content evaporates, it leaves all of that mineral content behind. After all, solids can’t evaporate like liquids do; that’s just physics. That remnant forms a residue, which while at first is easy to remove, will soon become a stubborn stain that may even etch into your finish.
Imagine a bead sitting on paint. Because of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.88565
Retrieved Text: Water beads are irresistible! For this invitation to play we provided lots of ways to explore the water beads that involved using fine motor skills.
Both our toddler and preschooler wanted to explore the water beads as a sensory experience first! The beads are slippery, squishy, solid, and wet. Investigating the bin full of water beads with all of their senses warmed up their fine motor muscles.
What are water beads? Read about them here!
I presented a wooden scissors holder that we found this week at the Lancaster Reuse Center. Not only is this stand perfect for organizing a classroom. it can also be repurposed for hands on activities like this one. The holder worked perfectly with the water beads because some of the orbs were large enough to sit on top, smaller ones slipped through (and bounced away!), and others needed a poke to squish through the holes!
We played a fine motor transfer game when I asked our toddler to fill up a bottle with the water beads. He was excited when he got them in and he also had so much fun chasing the ones he dropped as they bounced all over the deck!
We could have continued with this activity beyond the hour that we played. In fact our toddler D threw a fit when it was time to stop this activity to come inside for lunch so I'd say this Fine Motor Fridays idea was a huge hit!
We love water beads too!
They are addicting! What is your favorite thing to do with them?
You'll have to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.863264
Retrieved Text: If you’re a mom, the answer is yes. When I was with my girl all day every day I usually carried a diaper bag, but as she got older I got a bag that was big enough to stick in a diaper or two, wipes, a snack or four, a drink and all my stuff, too.
Now that I’m not around her all the time, there’s not usually a diaper and wipes in my bag, but there are usually snacks, and lots of random stuff, some kid-related, some not.
My bag is stuffed full of stuff!
What Does This Have to Do with Water Beads?
You can sort of see the beads, but when they're well covered they do disappear.
You can sort of see what it is, mostly because the water is dirty from hanging out in my purse for days, but what it is is a cup of water with clear water beads inside. It turns out that if you cover clear water beads with water, you can’t see them. It’s pretty cool to watch them “disappear” and then see kids poke around in the cup feeling something they can’t see.
This fun fact (and the cup) come courtesy of a friend’s Mad Science birthday party we went to over the weekend. They called the water beads “jelly balls” and gave each kid a cup to take home. Fun was had by all. Except maybe the birthday girl, who was a little freaked by all the weird stuff happening (and all the people) in her house.
Anyway, I had never thought

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.449005
Retrieved Text: Faience, also known as Egyptian Paste, was produced in the Bronze Age by skilled craftsmen for use in high status jewellery and as votive objects. The Egyptians loved the turquiose effect and plastered rooms with it and made statues and vessels and other items using it. In Britain the technique was used to made beads - mainly segmented, research has shown that local materials were used, rather than the items being traded into the country from afar.
The images below show the beads made in June 2007 using modern recipes and firing techniques as the starting point for research into the production methods. These were fired in a raku kiln to about 1000C, the recipe and method used are given at the bottom of this page.
Several of these beads, and those from later trial firings, have been traded and sold during various events, alongside other goods.
This will be developed by attempting to fire the beads in a lower technology fire and then using more suitably authentic materials, which were available in the Bronze Age. Watch this page for details.
The aim is to be able to offer faience making workshops to enable people to learn the techniques and make their own jewellery.
The mixture is spinkled with water - approximately 6 parts powder to 1 of water by volume - and mixed to form a paste.
Small lengths of high temperature "nichrome" wire are cut and straightened, on which beads can be supported while drying and firing. Racks made of fired clay are used to hold the wires, these are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.138712
Retrieved Text: On The Science Horizon: Get rid of water contamination for good!
Have you ever wondered what grows in your lab water baths? Have you thought about how you can be cross contaminating your cell culture media bottles by warming them up in non-sterile water and bring that unwanted microbial growth to your tissue culture cells? Fear no more, Bath Armor Beads are here!
Dry, metallic beads that replace water in water baths, aluminum blocks in dry baths, or ice in ice buckets. Bath Armor™ Beads are convenient, versatile, and can maintain hot or cold sample temperatures in just about any vessel type. These beads are not only sterile and unable to be contaminated by microorganisms, but also avoid the need of using harmful toxic agents to clean the water bath. Nothing is easier than placing your tissue culture media bottles or conical tubes into a bead bath that has uniform temperature for faster and efficient warming. Ice baths are a thing of the past; place the bead bag in the freezer and its ready to use and maintains cold temperature as efficiently as the warm temps. Out with the contaminated water, in with the beads!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.039968
Retrieved Text: These glowing water beads are the coolest thing ever. They are so much fun for children of all ages, and adults too! They can be used for sensory play, Halloween, imaginative play and more.
We love playing with water beads and have used them in a variety of ways. I have to say, glowing water beads are our favorite, with frozen water beads as a close second. To make the glowing water beads I first made glow water. Glow water is simple to make, and my boys even like to help. To make glow water you need yellow highlighters. I prefer to use non toxic highlighters since my kids will have their hands in the water created from the ink. As with all sensory activities we wash our hands after play.
Directions: Break open a yellow highlighter. Use caution while breaking it, because little bits of plastic can go flying. Next run water through the inside of the broken pen to get all of the yellow from inside then run the spongy part under the water. JZ (4) wanted to help, so he held the sponge and squeezed the yellow out.
*Update* The first time I made glow water I held it under running water. The second time I made it I smarted up and cut the spongy part open. The glow rinsed into the water in seconds. Easy peasy.
To make glowing water beads soak clear water beads in glow water for several hours. I have made glowing water beads both from brand new water beads and from already

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.924944
Retrieved Text: STEM activities are always fun! Plus I love changing up how we use something. One of our favorite sensory activities to use is water beads.
This whole activity came about because one morning my kids asked what else water beads could absorb into them. They asked about oil and I said maybe not. Then they asked about vinegar. I said maybe.
Curious minds wanted to know more and if it works. And I was not about to say no.
This was really simple and easy to do. Plus this became more about what will happen that expecting something grand. The basic will water bead adsorb vinegar became a lot more than we had planned.
This is a fun idea about exploring something you use all the time differently.
The first thing we did was put two colors of beads into vases. Then we put in the vinegar.
We learned a few things. The vinegar allowed the color to bleed out from the beads and colored the water. They did not get as big as they would with water.
After the beads were as full as they were going to get we washed them off with water to get rid of any vinegar on the outside. Then I put them in bowls to use in the next experiment.
We put two cookie cutters in the small paint tray. We did hearts since we did this around Valentines.
The first experiment we put water beads in the one cookie cutter. This was to see how long it would take for the baking soda to fizz.
Then we put

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.88553
Retrieved Text: Lately, J has been obsessed with everything bathtime. Bubbles and water and bath. It's all he talks about. He especially gravitates to books with bathtime featured. So what is one to do when your child is obsessed with bathtime? Well, you set up a light table invitation based on that theme, of course.
Now, we don't normally get messy on the light table, but since we made the table waterproof, I decided to embrace the messiness this time.
The invitation consisted of four transparent bathtub shaped containers that I found at the dollar store. I filled each bathtub with some blue water beads. I then whipped up some soap foam (Fun at Home with Kids has a wonderful post on making soap foam in case you've never tried it). I also grabbed two towels, which made for easy clean up. Besides, bathtime isn't complete without towels, right?
The first thing that the boys did was dump all of the water beads into the soap foam, which felt irresistible. Even I had to dig my hands in.
The combination of water beads and soap foam just looked so cool up close, especially with the glow of the light table. Doesn't it look like a bright, bubbly bath?
Once the materials were thoroughly mixed, the boys started filling the bathtub. J hoarded most of the water beads, filling his bathtub until the bubbles started to pour over the lip of the tub.
If you've ever picked up water beads before, then you know they get slippery. Well, imagine how slippery they get when they're

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.76703
Retrieved Text: Double strand necklace that adorns these beautiful tear drop light blue glass beads and blue pressed beads.
The strand that carries the Open Heart is made up by multiple colors of beads and wrapped with blue suede. This one of a kind is one of our more casual pieces.
It would look great with your day time dress or your khaki's and comfy top.
This piece is just fun fun fun.
This measures approx. 19 1/2"
I usually ship 2 to 5 days from date of purchase. Custom orders may take longer depending on what it is.
I accept paypal, RME and money orders as forms of payment.
Payment is expected within 48 hours of purchase. Items will not be shipped until payment is received.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.741669
Retrieved Text: Contact Magic Water Beads - Magic Water Beads, Inc.
Was founded January 2006 in a small two-car garage.
Within four years of it's inception, Magic Water Beads had grown beyond it's wildest dreams finding much needed space in a 300,000 square feet warehouse in Miami, Florida. We are Magic Water Beads, Inc. Contact us page today.
Contact Magic Water Beads, the place for your wedding centerpieces, water beads for the lawn, birthdays, any occasion.
Our Magic Water beads have gone through extensive testing to market the roundest, most beautifully translucent water beads available. Because of this and because we are the largest importer/manufacturer of water beads in the USA, Magic Water Beads, Inc., is able to offer the lowest prices on the Internet. Create beautiful Water Beads Centerpieces.
A live person in the USA will answer your call.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.658905
Retrieved Text: Water softeners are usually reliable when it boils down to filtering and purifying your water supply. However, they won’t last forever even though they’re designed to serve you longer. You’ll face issues with the softening system from time to time. It’s necessary to be careful about these issues so that you can fix them as and when the problem arises. Here are 5 common water softener issues that you may face.
Clogging or blockage is one of the common issues faced by people who use a water softener. These blockages pile up as a result of minerals that get collected in the interior of the device. When the minerals build up to a particular point, they hardly leave any room for water passage. If you find that the degree of water softening has gone down, it may be an indication of blockage lines. Fixing blockages isn’t really difficult. Just go through the user manual of the device, and you’ll find a solution to get rid of the problem quickly.
If the water softener is driven by salt, it makes use of resin beads. The resin beads are essential for the smooth functioning of the softener. They replace hard minerals with soft ones, and soften the water. Although these beads are meant to last throughout the lifespan of the system, they’re likely to fail in some situations. When this happens, you’ll see resin beads floating in the water of the softener. Fixing this issue warrants professional help.
Like any other appliance that uses a motor, water softeners are subjected to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.546438
Retrieved Text: Native American Indian beading was traditionally performed by women as acts of extreme respect and reverence to the natural world.
Using Native American Indian beads was considered sacred to these people, and the act of stringing the beads was itself a form of prayer and reflection. The finished product was not considered to be as valued as the process of creation itself, but was viewed as a beautiful by product of this custom.
Native American Indian beads decorated the clothing of their people, and particularly those of younger women. Excessive displays of these beads were common, particularly after white settlement when new techniques for stringing where invented.
A higher status was represented by the intricate necklace and pendant arrangements that are instantly recognizable today as having these early origins.
Groups within Native American society where categorized by totems, signified by the jewelry of the wearer. Native American Indian beads where used to display their totems, and show how that connected them to their family, clan or group.
Trade between tribes is proved by the abundance of shell-based Native American Indian beads that would otherwise have not been found inland. The similarity of pendant patterns that have been later found in remnants of tribal grounds across America also proves this link to trade and sharing.
As a form of currency, it appears that Native American Indian beads were used to trade between tribes. In addition they were used to consolidate treaties, agreements and as a part of reciprocal gift giving ceremonies.
Ceremonial dances performed by the Native American people used decorative beads about their

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.496399
Retrieved Text: Following on from our water bead science experiment, this week we’ve been enjoying some imaginative space play in our water bead sensory tub. With rockets, aliens and a lunar landscape the children have been stretching their imaginations and playing in a totally different world.
Here’s how they took their water beads into outer space.
The children made some aliens to start off with. Although all the water is drained off the water beads once they’ve swollen to their full size the sensory tub still has some moisture to it, so we decided paper creatures would just go soggy after a while.
We wanted to be able to add our characters to the water bead sensory tub so we decided to use permanent markers on foam sheets.
To create the landscape for our space play tub we painted some pieces of card with black glitter paint, which gave us the perfect background.
The children then drew some planets and moons on card, covered them with glue, and sprinkled on lots of gold and silver metallic foil pieces.
They cut out the plants and used sticky tape to add a thread on to each one so our planets could really go into orbit.
We use an under-the-bed storage box for our sensory tub, which we popped into an empty paddling pool so the children can sit inside and play and any stray water beads get caught before they skitter off across the room.
We taped the black card around three sides of the tub to create our universe, with a cotton thread across the top to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.470505
Retrieved Text: An amphora, one of the most common forms of Greek pottery, is a type of container of a characteristic shape and size, descending from at least as early as the Neolithic Period. Always with two vertical neck-handles and used for storing and transporting oil, wine and foodstuffs such as olives. Most were produced with a pointed base to allow upright storage by embedding in soft ground, such as sand.
The Amphora has the same characteristic shape of a Greek amphora. Although traditional amphorae often have lids, most have not survived through time. Our amphora is capped with a beautiful melon bead encased with beads.
The body of the amphora is richly decorated with a combination of fire polish beads, baby melon beads and seed beads. The embellishments end in a point resembling the characteristic shape of amphorae. A luxurious tassel from the point of the amphora emphasises the elegance of the sumptuous shape.
A resplendent rope of various seed beads and spacers simulate the vertical “handles” of an amphora and forms a luxurious necklace to suspend the equally opulent amphora.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.406036
Retrieved Text: Seeking the best small crystal beads wholesale with good quality and affordable prices from DHgate NZ site. We provide a variety of cheap jelly beads water crystals supplied by reliable sellers around the world. Helping you on your way to finding wood crystal beads online of satisfaction is what we aim for. Enjoy exploring diverse arrays of spacer bead crystals sale and shop ideal acrylic crystal beads curtain from nz.dhgate.com with free delivery to New Zealand.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.403427
Retrieved Text: This site is the creative vision of Eirny (Irene Davis), a glass and metal artist, living in Northern Arizona. Her current passion is for metal combined with other media. She uses stone, bone, wood, lampwork beads, and glass sculpture to create unique artisan jewelry. Eirny began her exploration of artistic creation making southwestern indian-style jewelry, working as a photographer, writer, and creator of handmade artisan jewelry of all forms.
Handmade glass beads as part of handmade jewelry became her focus, leading to recognition as a multimedia artist. She is an internationally known expert in historic recreations of archaeological artifacts. Each of her historic pieces is painstakingly researched to assure the correct look and feel. Eirny specializes in historic metal and glass reproduction jewelry, including Thor’s Hammers, Odin pendants, handmade glass beads – especially Viking beads, Viking Valkeries, ancient amulets, one-of-a-kind handmade glass goddess pendants, Roman glass good luck charms, bracelets, earrings, brooches, and other dress accessories.
Irene Davis (Eirny) has devoted the last dozen years to producing hand crafted jewelry, handmade glass beads, and historic clothing accessories.
Eirny carefully hand constructs every piece of jewelry choosing appropriate materials for each piece. When part of jewelry, handmade glass beads of her own production, are used in her art to ensure the most faithful recreations of historic jewelry, and the highest quality in her modern jewelry. Eirny hand makes her art and jewelry objects using the right techniques: casting silver and bronze; intaglio carving; additive metal soldering; pierce work; wire wrapping; chain making; chasing; repousse; metal folding; sand casting; lost wax

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.38785
Retrieved Text: Wilderness Made / Fishing / Bead Fishing 301: What Bead Color and Size?
There are thousands of different bead color and size combinations on the market. As bead fishing catches on there is a new bead company every year. As a result choosing the correct bead color for Steelhead or trout fishing can be overwhelming. In this article we will break down what beads to use when.
If you’ve read our other two articles: Bead Fishing 101, and Bead Fishing 201, you know that the fundamental goal of bead fishing is to mimic individual Salmon eggs floating downstream. To do this you must match the eggs available in your system.
The first piece of matching bead color to eggs will be understanding what species of Salmon is spawning. There are slight differences in each species’ eggs.
Pink eggs are the most cloudy directly out of the salmon. 6-10mm beads.
Chum eggs have a darker color, even purpleish in some light. 6-10mm beads.
King Salmon eggs are generally the most clear and biggest. Use 8-14mm beads.
Sockeye eggs are similar in appearance to King’s but smaller. Use 6-10mm beads.
Coho eggs are more red than the other species. 8-12mm beads.
This is the foundation for selecting the right bead. The next section is far more important.
When eggs are deposited into a river they go through a specific cycle. Therefore the best way to match the eggs available is by understanding that cycle. The speed this happens varies largely due to Salmon species, water temperature, and water clarity.
1. Live or Fresh eggs.
This is stage one. The Salmon

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.379694
Retrieved Text: I have a love for sculpting with polymer clay. I also make non clay jewelry, but I have to say my clay work represents me more accurately. I make lots of different items but mostly miniature food themed beads and sculptures. I like this media because I can offer my customers a custom item and not just a pre-made idea, their own ideas. And it helps me to broaden my skills to make something I didn't imagine myself.
I have been doing this kind of work for about 10 yrs and hope I will have my own shop someday. Making clay beads in the forms of donuts and cakes and chocolate is so whimsical and fun and really makes everyone giggle when then stop to stare at them. I think it is a compliment when people have a laugh at my work. It just means they like what I do. I have always had a hard time finding beads for my jewelry items I make because its not what I imagined in my mind so I decided I would just make them myself and that is were I am today. There is just something so fun and magical about tiny beads of all our favorite foods. I makes us different from what we like and lots of people like to show off what makes them original in the jewelry they wear and I get to make that possible which is so rewarding.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.34744
Retrieved Text: We love DIY projects in our home and the kids are no exception. They decided to make their own night light using a mason jar, submersible lights, and water beads. They turned out really cool!
We bought a small pack of 4 submersible lights in the floral department at Michael's craft store. We also bought 2 packages of their Ashland water beads (purple and clear). But the kids wanted more colors so we went to Hobby Lobby and bought their DecoBeads water beads.
The water beads start out as little bitty hard pellets. Be careful if you pour them out. These suckers can really roll....right off the table and all over the floor!
You soak the water beads in water and they will grow as they absorb the water. In just an hour or so they had grown about 3 times their size and were starting to get squishy. The kids loved just running their hands through the beads in the water. It is a fun sensory experience for their sense of touch.
I did not like the Ashland purple beads because a lot of the color bled off into the water which means that the color will stain hands and anything the water touches! This didn't happen with any of the other beads (see the blue ones in the picture).
We had lots of different colors of water beads soaking. They were fun to play with as they grew in size.
The clear water beads were especially neat because sometimes they seemed to completely disappear in the water. But Rachel loved

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.314184
Retrieved Text: Whether we are drinking it, bathing in it, or using it to wash our clothes, no one wants contaminated water. That is why S&D Plumbing offers Austin the best in water softener installations. What is a water softener? Water comes from deep within the ground, and as it channels it picks up various unwanted contaminants. Two minerals found within the earth that get into our water are calcium and magnesium, which causes our water to become hard. When showering or doing the laundry, hard water leaves behind dissolved mineral and soap deposits These deposits can get on clothes and turn whites an off color. It also collects in tubs and toilets turning them a bright orange-red color. If you are looking for a knowledgeable Austin plumber that specializes in water softener installation, S&D Plumbing is awaiting your call.
A water softener installation from S&D Plumbing removes harsh chemicals, and replaces calcium and magnesium with sodium, which is called an ion exchange. A water softener has a mineral tank, which contains beads made of polystyrene. These beads have a negative charge and are known as resin. Because the chemicals found in the earth have a positive charge, they naturally cling to the resin. The resin found in your water softener then removes the chemicals from the water, passing them through the mineral tank.
A brine solution is flushed into the water softener periodically from a separate tank, cleaning the saturated beads and driving harsh chemicals out of your water softener system. Salt is used to create this brine solution,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.26898
Retrieved Text: Water Softening System | What Does it Do?
A water softening system is any kind of device that eliminates the undesirable side effects of water hardness. These include dry skin, lifeless hair, damaged clothing fabrics, premature failure of water-using appliances, and the accumulation of limescale inside of your plumbing. Though humans have treated water in one way or another for thousands of years, it wasn’t until the early 20th century that scientists discovered how to make “hard” water “soft” by systemically removing nuisance minerals such as calcium, magnesium, silica, iron, and manganese. They discovered that by removing hardness ions through a chemical process called ion exchange, they could produce water that is more compatible with soap, less harmful to plumbing, and just more enjoyable to use in general.
Your typical 21st century household water softening system features a mineral tank that is filled with thousands of tiny sulfonated polystyrene beads, or resin. Because the beads have a negative charge, all of the positively charged minerals in the water that passes through the system’s mineral tank cling to the beads. Then, a highly concentrated salt-water solution (brine) is flushed through the tank, driving the minerals off the beads and carrying them away down the drain. The water that remains has thus had all of its hardness minerals removed, making it soft and ready to use. Increasingly popular are water softening systems that do all this entirely automatically without having to set a timer. These systems utilize a technology called demand-initiated regeneration (or on-demand regeneration) that consumes less water per

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.262316
Retrieved Text: One of the oldest and still most widely used anti-epileptic drugs (AEDs) is carbamazepine. Carbamazepine works for epilepsy by blocking voltage-sensitive sodium (Na+) channels. It comes in many forms including liquid suspension, chewable tablets, and tablets known as Tegretol®. It also comes in two extended release forms Tegretol-XR® and Carbatrol®. It is generically available and therefore quite inexpensive.
The Tegretol-XR® form works on the principal of a tablet which does not dissolve but rather allows water to enter through tiny pores and force out the medication. This slows the absorption of the medication and allows for twice a day dosing.
The Carbatrol® works by using a series of three different beads that dissolve at different rates and therefore spread out absorption and again allows twice daily dosing. In the Carbatrol® method, the capsules can be opened and the beads can be taken over food or with a spoon for those who cannot swallow.
Tegretol is the only medication FDA approved for trigeminal neuralgia. This approval was in an era when the FDA was not as strict and I suspect it would not be approved today without additional information. Prior to the more modern neuropathic pain medications (gabapentin or neurontin, pregabalin or Lyrica, and duloxetine or cymbalta) it was more widely used for all neuropathic pain.
Like all seizure medications, Tegretol can cause sleepiness and balance difficulty. It also has a small chance of causing liver, bone marrow toxicity, and electrolyte imbalances. For this reason, it is less commonly used than some of the newer agents like Trileptal.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.214228
Retrieved Text: This light and comfortable necklace is strung on spectacular tiny, glass beads which have been heated with 24k gold, resulting in the gold permeating the glass. I hand carve the pendant from African black wood and sand it until it is buttery smooth to the touch. This wood loves to be worn next to the skin and is not damaged by water or oil. I wear mine at all times.
Different pendant forms can be ordered for this necklace such as the house, the fluer de Lis and more. Pearls in almost any color can also be added. Please enquire.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.064438
Retrieved Text: Wholesale assortment of fashion jewellery is replete with number of beaded products. Sand, metal beads, plastic beads, resin and seed beads, wooden beads along with other beaded varieties would be the most searched for after within the contemporary jewelries. Beaded necklaces, bracelets and earrings of multiple colors, sizes and shapes are signed up bulk forms for purchase. Round, round oblong and hexagonal beads would be the modern additions within the fashion jewellery. They attract the brand new age buyers using their affordable cost tags, vivacity and leading edge designs. Number of metal beads wired right into a ravishing variety of hues and patterns impart a classy look when teamed with fashion outfits.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.063066
Retrieved Text: Learn how you can make applique paper beads that look like ceramic or porcelain beads that have flowers and other designs painted on them after the bead is made.
Links below for products needed, are Amazon Affiliate Links and are there to make it easy for you to find and purchase the materials I used to make these beads.
Plain White 110lb index weight cardstock in white for best results.
Extra scrap paper to make waste beads if not using template paper.
White Glue for gluing bead as you go.
Glaze of your choice for glazing rolled beads. I use 2 coats PC-Petrifier and 2 Coats of Janice Mae's Vibrance.
Paper Bead Roller, your choice of size hole. I used 5/64"
Small container to keep your beads in until they are all rolled.
Small bottle for holding water.
Small dish to pour water into for dipping the decals into.
Cut your cardstock into strips first.
Layer your cutting template on top of your white cardstock. You are going to use this template for your waste beads once they are cut. Clip them together on the opposite side of where you will start cutting the cardstock into strips. Using the template does 2 things for you. It prevents unwanted, ugly, marks on your finished beads and it gives you paper strips for your waste beads, when you glaze them.
Following the cutting lines, cut your cardstock into strips and separate the template strips from your cardstock strips.
Using a 5/64" bead roller, roll the template strips into waste beads and set them aside.
NOTE: Make each bead one at a time,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.061441
Retrieved Text: How to use: 1. Soak the beads in water(normal temperature) for 4 hours. Note: Diameter of the beads will expand about 10-15 times, so do soak proper amount of beads to avoid wasting. 2. Get ready of the plant you plan to arrange. Get ready of vase(glass vase for better). 3. Fill the vase with soaked beads, what it reach 1/2 of the height of the vase, put in the plant, and then cover the left part with soaked beads again till it cover the top of the vase. 4. When the beads become smaller in some days, just pour in some more water, it will expand again.
Color:As picture show Size:1" (25mm) approx QTY:40pcs Uses: perfect for your holiday crafts,wedding, gift, sewing, scrapbooking, hair bows, belts tons , use your imagination.
Hand blown Murano Style glass beads will fit right in with your large hole European Style charm beads. These large hole round beads are hand made with a lamp work technique. This bead features a translucent orange glass core with white flowers. A layer of clear glass adds depth. The hole is lined with silver plated base metal, grommet style. This protects the glass from any friction that occurs with wear. Center is not threaded, it will simply slide on to your chain. These beads are handmade, so while they are all very similar, they may not be exactly identical to the photo. Quantity: 1 large hole glass bead. Approximate Measurements: 14mm diameter, 10mm thick. Inner diameter of hole is approximately 4.5-5mm in diameter. Please check

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.03963
Retrieved Text: Why the name Indigo Berry - what does it mean?
Indigo Berry is actually a tropical plant so on one level the name refers to my love of natural forms and the inspiration that I take from flowers.
The colour indigo is the rainbow colour associated with intuition, perception, meditation, spirituality and creativity. Ideas for my jewellery and crafts often come ‘out of the blue’ as I am inspired by the gemstones, beads and materials that I work with.
Berry is another word for seed, fruit or kernel. The seed is the source, the place of origination - and, by association, the creative spark... and beads often look like little berries!
Indigo Berry - whats in a name?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.020378
Retrieved Text: 1.silicone letter beads for teething,children learn the alphabet Auxiliary supplies,A to B, Black and white color mixture.
2.100% food grade silicone teething beads, bpa free silicone beads.
3.Best food grade silicone beads for baby teething and mom nursing.
4.The perfect beads for creating your very own teething necklace or sensory toys.
40 style silicone beads for teething wholesale, you can customized your own style.
Easy to clean, wash with mild soap and water.
Silicone bead are made of high quality silicone that is used in bottles and Pacifiers, nontoxic, bpa free, pvc free, lead free, mercury free, phthalates free, cadmium free.
Silicone Bead Certificate: LFGB, BPA Free, EN71 etc.
how to make silicone beads and DIY silicone teething beads?
A:First, you need to find a silicone beads manufacturer, can accept customization; then you need to Let us know your drawing, or your ideas about your design.
Can i order my own silicone bead color? what is the minimum order?
Do you bead safe? any certificate?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.000355
Retrieved Text: When temperatures flare and you yearn for something cool, nothing relieves you like water. And when your customers need something cool for their summer get together, nothing does the trick like our aqua blue luster fire beads!
Similar to our normal aqua blue fire beads, this exquisite variety has been infused with silica, giving it a soft warm glow. These delightful glass beads will help your customers and their guests relax by cooling the eyes and soothing the minds from stress and worries. Suitable for both indoor and outdoor environments, our aqua blue luster fire beads will go especially well in decors of white or blue backgrounds. They also complement water features wonderfully! When the fire feature is lit, all eyes will be fixated on the mesmerizing spectacle of shining blue beads, reflecting and enhancing the light from the bright yellow flames dancing over them. What a sight to behold!
Our aqua blue luster fire beads are not just beautiful to gaze upon, but also very practical. They do a wonderful job of covering the entire floor of a fire feature, effectively hiding the unseemly pipes and tubes which are often visible in gas fireplaces and fire pits. This makes fire beads a much more desirable alternative to the more common ceramic logs and fire stones.
All our fire beads are manufactured using high quality glass, via a unique 5-step process that gives them their lovely shine and allows them to withstand temperatures of up to 1300 degrees Fahrenheit without sustaining any damage or discoloration. Under normal conditions, these

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.943874
Retrieved Text: • Spot dishes, faucets, sinks, toilets, cars, in fact all surfaces, with a microscopic film of limestone.
• Deposits buildup inside water pipes, heaters, and bathroom and kitchen fixtures.
• Gas water heaters used 29% less energy to heat water and electric water heaters used 21% less energy when operated on softened water according to a study done by New Mexico State University.
How can I test the levels of hardness in my well water?
• Order a low cost Do-It-Yourself hardness water test kit and Other Well Water Testing Kits.
• Presently there is only one practical way for homeowners to soften their water and that is through an ion exchange water softener. Briefly here is how it works.
• Ion exchange water softeners are filled with millions of tiny resin beads that attract and hold on to calcium. As the water passes through this resin "bed" the calcium is removed so it cannot harm your household goods.
• What happens when the resin beads are full of calcium?
• The resin bed is rinsed with dissolved salt, usually table salt. The dissolved salt scours the calcium from the beads which prepares them to remove more calcium. This rinsing process takes place every few days, usually at night.
• Not according to the WQA (Water Quality Association). Some other technologies can remove calcium but at a very high cost in energy or wasted water. Ion exchange water softening is the most cost efficient method to remove calcium.

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what kind of beads are formed from vapor condensing?" and the following answer choices: 
- tiny
 - H20
 - h2o
 - carbon
 - hydrogen
 - rain
 - oxygen
 - Dew

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and water is made up of H2O molecules, choose the best answer.

Target Text: h2o

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.988926
Retrieved Text: Summer is in full swing with record highs across the country, and with a lot households having some kind of air conditioner, it’s the most effective way to escape the sun. As you are unwinding in your comfortably cool home or office, thankful that your air conditioner functions, let’s take a peek at how a typical AC system works.
Your air conditioner works the similar to your refrigerator, but obviously instead of keeping a single space cool, it has to work to cool down your whole house. Both use a refrigerant that changes swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a regular circle from the exterior to the interior of your house. It goes into the house as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and assembles or absorbs heat from the air within your house, expands back into vapor, then heads to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is switched back to a sub-cooled liquid.
Your AC system is created out of four critical pieces: an evaporator coil, a compressor, a condensing coil, and an expansion valve or metering device.
The part where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be inside your home, in your attic, or situated in the garage. As warm indoor air is carried across the cold evaporator coil, heat is pulled from the air…and the colder air is driven among your house.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.315777
Retrieved Text: Summer is here with record heat across the country, and with a lot households having some kind of air conditioner, it’s the best way to beat the heat. As you are sitting in your comfortably cool home or office, appreciating that your air conditioner functions, let’s look at how an average cooling system functions.
Your air conditioner works the just like your refrigerator, but understandably compared to keeping a little space cool, it has to cool your entire home. Both use a refrigerant that adapts swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a regular loop from the outdoors to the interior of your house. It goes into the home as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and assembles or takes in heat from your indoor air, expands back into vapor, then returns to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is transferred back to a sub-cooled liquid.
Your AC system is built of four key components: an evaporator coil, a compressor, a condensing coil, and an expansion valve or metering device.
The piece where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be indoors, in your attic, or in your garage. As warm indoor air is carried across the cold evaporator coil, heat is removed from the air…and the cooler air is driven among your indoor space.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant goes back to the compressor located in your outdoor condensing unit. The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.330303
Retrieved Text: It’s a type of ice formed when tiny water droplets are cooled and freeze on the first surface they come in contact with. Their small size and very cold temperature are making them freeze almost instantly, which leads to a formation of ice particles with air trapped inside.
Rime may appear similar to frost, but there’s a certain difference. Rime is formed by condensing water droplets like fog or mist, which is then coming into contact with a hard surface. On the other hand, frost is created when water vapor is directly decomposing from vapor to ice.
There are two main types of rime ice: soft rime and hard rime. As the name suggests, the soft rime is quite soft and fragile – it can be easily shaken off the surface it has formed on, while hard rime is rather hard to get rid of. Soft rime also forms into feather-like spiky crystals similar to needles (they can be as long as 4 inches or around 10 cm) – and hard rime is rounder and comb-like.
Soft rime ice is mostly formed when the water droplets are very small, a temperature is very low and the water accretions slowly. The opposite is required to the creation of the hard rime: bigger droplets, higher temperature (although it still has to be low enough to ensure that the liquid will eventually freeze) and faster accretion of water.
Both hard and soft rime is milky white, because of the air trapped inside the ice. This makes differencing it from another similar type of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.68805
Retrieved Text: Ion plating (IP) is a physical vapor deposition (PVD) process that is sometimes called ion assisted deposition (IAD) or ion vapor deposition (IVD) and is a version of vacuum deposition. Ion plating uses concurrent or periodic bombardment of the substrate, and deposits film by atomic-sized energetic particles. Bombardment prior to deposition is used to sputter clean the substrate surface. During deposition the bombardment is used to modify and control the properties of the depositing film. It is important that the bombardment be continuous between the cleaning and the deposition portions of the process to maintain an atomically clean interface.
In ion plating the energy, flux and mass of the bombarding species along with the ratio of bombarding particles to depositing particles are important processing variables. The depositing material may be vaporized either by evaporation, sputtering (bias sputtering), arc vaporization or by decomposition of a chemical vapor precursor chemical vapor deposition (CVD). The energetic particles used for bombardment are usually ions of an inert or reactive gas, or, in some cases, ions of the condensing film material (“film ions”). Ion plating can be done in a plasma environment where ions for bombardment are extracted from the plasma or it may be done in a vacuum environment where ions for bombardment are formed in a separate ion gun. The latter ion plating configuration is often called Ion Beam Assisted Deposition (IBAD). By using a reactive gas or vapor in the plasma, films of compound materials can be deposited.
The ion plating process was first described in the technical literature by

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.497532
Retrieved Text: To rise or pass off in steam; to send off visible vapour; to move by steam. Nuttall's Standard dictionary of the English language. By Nuttall, P.Austin. Published 1914.
To treat or cook with steam; as, to steam a pudding. The Winston Simplified Dictionary. By William Dodge Lewis, Edgar Arthur Singer. Published 1919.
To expose to steam. The american dictionary of the english language. By Daniel Lyons. Published 1899.
To cook or otherwise affect by steam. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To throw off steam; as, the soup steams in the kettle; rise or pass off in steam; as, moisture steams from the earth; move by steam; as, the vessel steamed out of the harbor. The Winston Simplified Dictionary. By William Dodge Lewis, Edgar Arthur Singer. Published 1919.
To rise or pass off in steam or vapor: to move by steam. The american dictionary of the english language. By Daniel Lyons. Published 1899.
To rise in vapor; throw off vapor; move by steam. The Clarendon dictionary. By William Hand Browne, Samuel Stehman Haldeman. Published 1894.
To exhale. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To make, give off, or send out steam. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To expose to steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing. Nuttall's Standard dictionary of the English language. By Nuttall, P.Austin. Published 1914.
To apply steam to; to expose to steam; to give off vapour. Etymological and pronouncing dictionary of the English language.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.040522
Retrieved Text: Summer is in full swing with record highs across the country, and with many houses having some type of air conditioner, it’s the most effective way to escape the sun. As you are relaxing in your comfortably cool home or office, appreciating that your air conditioner functions, let’s look at how a typical cooling system functions.
Your air conditioner works the similar to your refrigerator, but obviously instead of keeping a single space cool, it has to work to cool down your whole house. Both use a refrigerant that changes swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a consistent loop from the outdoors to the interior of your house. It goes into the house as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and gathers or soaks up heat from the air within your house, expands back into vapor, then returns to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is changed back to a sub-cooled liquid.
The part where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be inside, in your attic, or situated in the garage. As warm indoor air is moved over the cold evaporator coil, heat is detached from the air…and the colder air is driven among your home.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant goes back to the compressor based in your outdoor condensing unit. The compressor raises the pressure of the vapor until it shifts into a hot, high pressure vapor.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.023212
Retrieved Text: Like the compressor in an electric vapor compression cycle, the absorption system uses its “thermal” compressor (consisting of the generator, absorber, pump and heat exchanger) to boil water vapor (refrigerant) out of a lithium bromide/water solution and compress the refrigerant vapor to a higher pressure. Increasing the refrigerant pressure also increases its condensing temperature. The refrigerant vapor condenses to a liquid at this higher pressure and temperature. Because this condensing temperature is hotter than the ambient temperature, heat moves from the condenser to the ambient air and is rejected. The high-pressure liquid then passes through a throttling valve that reduces its pressure. Reducing its pressure also reduces its boiling point temperature. The low-pressure liquid then passes into the evaporator and is boiled at this lower temperature and pressure. Because the boiling temperature is now lower than the temperature of the conditioned air, heat moves from the conditioned air stream into the evaporator and causes this liquid to boil. Removing heat from the air in this manner causes the air to be cooled.
The refrigerant vapor then passes into the absorber where it returns to a liquid state as it is pulled into the lithium bromide solution (the absorption process). The diluted lithium bromide solution is pumped back to the generator. Because lithium bromide (the absorbent) does not boil, water (the refrigerant) is easily separated by adding heat. The resultant water vapor passes into the condenser, the absorbent solution returns to the absorber, and the process repeats.
Although the process is similar to conventional electric vapor compression systems, absorption

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.873518
Retrieved Text: Condensing water heaters are becoming more popular than ever. The main reason for their popularity is the extremely high energy-efficiency they offer. If you read our condensing water heater reviews, you’ll notice that they all have an energy factor of 0.94 or higher. This kind of efficiency is impossible to achieve with any other type of water heater. Therefore, you should definitely choose a condensing water heater if you want to reduce the energy waste in your home.
Condensing water heaters come in various forms, shapes, and sizes. Some condensing water heaters have storage tanks just like traditional water heaters, but you can also find tankless condensing water heaters. In this guide, we have reviewed some of the best and most efficient models from both of these groups. Read on if you want to find out more.
This model from Rheem belongs to their Professional Prestige Series of highly efficient tankless water heaters. Since Rheem RTGH-95DVLN is a condensing unit, it extracts heat from the exhaust gases which brings energy waste to the absolute minimum. This unit uses a two-pipe direct vent system. It also comes with a built-in electric blower.
This water heater is a good solution for households and commercial properties with an extremely high demand for hot water. It’s incredibly powerful, providing up to 9.5 gallons of hot water per minute.
Furthermore, this unit will work flawlessly even in the most extreme conditions. It offers a flow rate of 4.9 gallons per minute at 77 degrees F temperature rise which makes it perfect for areas with extremely

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.19981
Retrieved Text: Thanks to technological improvements, today’s condensing boiler is very efficient and cost-effective, far better than the non-condensing boilers of old.
New models get top ratings – 90 percent and even 95 percent AFUE, the Annualized Fuel Utilization Estimate that grades them for efficiency. That’s an A to most teachers, far better than the 75 percent or even 70 percent that an older boiler will score.
And condensing boilers are environmentally friendly.
They use waste heat in flue gas to preheat the cold water entering the boiler, capturing more heat from the outside rather than inside the home.
A condensing boiler is a water heater fueled by oil or natural gas. It condenses water vapor in the exhaust gases, which lets it recover the latent heat of vapors that, otherwise, would have been wasted.
Instead of a chimney to exhaust combustion gases from an old-fashioned boiler, the condensing boiler relies on two pipes that often can be vented through a sidewall. One pipe brings in fresh air from outdoors; it exhausts the combustion gases through the second pipe.
Want to learn more about condensing boilers and how they can enhance your comfort? Call us at (917) 275-3280.
We are an independently owned, local business that installs and services boilers, furnaces, heaters and air-conditioning systems. We serve Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn and Long Island. We also offer 24-hour emergency service for heating, ventilation and air conditioning needs, and we clean chimneys, too.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.120173
Retrieved Text: Solvent recovery and chemical disposal can become an expensive yet unplanned cost for solvent processes like vapor degreasing. Solvent recycling equipment can separate and remove soils, debris and oils from solvent through a process called distillation. These used solvent recovery systems can recycle most cleaning solvents, reduce solvent purchases by 95%+ and chemical waste disposal cost by 90%+.
Most solvents can be recycled and recovered including: Mineral spirits, Paint Thinner, Acetone, IPA (isopropyl alcohol), MEK (methyl ethyl ketone), Xylene, Hexane, various alcohols, Chlorinated solvents (AK225, 1,2 trans-dichloroethylene / trans DCE, 3M Novec, Dupont Vertrel, Microcare solvents, Terpenes Toluene, and Aromatic Solvents. Class 1 Division 1 NFPA solvent recyclers can be used to ensure safety for flammable solvents.
Solvent recycling equipment can recycle nearly any solvent or chemistry used in electroplating, metal finishing, paint and powder coating, parts washing, vapor degreasing.
How are Solvents Recycled and Recovered?
The process of distillation allows for separating volatile and nonvolatile solutions in a solvent. Distillation occurs very similar to how a vapor degreaser works of boiling the solution and condensing the vapors back into liquid in a separate tank. The various constituents of solvents and contaminated soils boil at different temperatures: typically oils and soils are much higher than solvents. A good example of this is paint thinner which is used to clean paint off paint guns and parts; the solvent will boil at much lower temperatures than paint so boiling the mix will result in condensed pure solvent in a separated tank and the paint sludge components in another.
The above description and solvent

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.970251
Retrieved Text: The weather is hitting record highs throughout the U.S. and many homes are utilizing some variety of air conditioner to beat the summer heat. Although we are all grateful that your air conditioner runs, the experts at Banister's Heating & Air Conditioning Services in Carlsbad wants to give you a glimpse at just how an AC system works.
There’s a lot of science regarding keeping your living space cool. Your air conditioner functions in a comparable way to your refrigerator, but your AC has a more difficult responsibility to manage. Both your fridge and AC cool with a reoccurring loop of refrigerant, with your AC this refrigerant loops from inside to to the external part of your home. This refrigerant easily changes from a liquid to gas and back to a liquid again. It enters your home as a sub-cooled liquid and as it evaporates it absorbs heat from inside the home and reverts back into vapor. This vapor then travels back to the unit located outdoors where the heat is released and is then condensed back into a sub-cooled liquid.
There are 4 core elements to your air conditioner unit: a compressor, an evaporator coil, the condensing coil and an expansion valve.
The evaporator coil is the place your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid into a super-heated vapor. This component can be established indoors, in your garage or possibly in your attic. Warm air transports across the cold evaporator coil and the heat is taken from the air. This cooled air is then transferred throughout your home.
Your

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.810932
Retrieved Text: Over the years, there hasn't been too much that we haven't seen or done. We welcome new opportunities, and we are always anxious to get our hands dirty developing cost-effective solutions to new fluid cooling challenges. Please talk with us if your application is in one of the following markets: Laser, Machine Tool, Medical, Food, Chemical, Heat Treat, Filtration, Semi-Conductor, Welding, Vapor Degreasing, Power Generation or Dry Cleaning.
Common fluids that our chillers hold at a constant temperature include: water, water/glycol, oil, acid, EDM fluids and gasoline. You'll find our chillers cooling equipment such as: lasers, MRI and PET scanners, machine tool cutting and grinding fluids, machine tool spindles, water jet pumps and tanks, and vapor degreasers. Chillers are used for everything from cooling bread dough to condensing vapor.
Fluid Chillers, Inc. offers university discounts and partnership programs.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.416319
Retrieved Text: Alfa Laval Niagara Wet Surface Air Coolers (WSAC®) are efficient closed-loop, evaporative cooling systems designed for the power, process, wastewater, natural gas and petrochemical industries. These fluid cooling and vapor condensing systems are optimizedfor industrial applications where rugged designs, and cost-effective, efficient closed-loop cooling and condensing duties are required.
The challenge: An exploration and production company needed three systems to cool high pressure natural gas in a multistage compression system from 130 to 105ºF.
The solution: Several customized closed-loop, evaporative Wet Surface Air Coolers were designed and manufactured. These units were modular factory assembled and tested with tube bundles designed and stamped per ASME code requirements for the design pressure at each stage of compression. They featured special screens for protection against hail and debris.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.375143
Retrieved Text: Distillation operations are as varied as evaporator types and methods of using and transferring heat energy. The following types have been studied or used: (1) Boiling with submerged tube heating surface; (2) boiling with long-tube, vertical evaporator; (3) flash evaporation; (4) forced circulation with vapor compression; (5) solar evaporation; (6) rotating-surface evaporation; (7) wiped-surface evaporation; (8) vapor reheating process; (9) direct heat transfer using an immiscible liquid; and (10) condensing-vapor-heat transfer by vapor other than steam.
Of these types only (2), (3), and (4) are commercially important in desalination. The theoretical minimum energy required for a completely reversible process to obtain pure water from 3.50% NaCl salt water is about 3 kWh per 1000 gal at 25°C. Unfortunately, the thermodynamic minimum energy requirement has little practical relevance due to the many irreversibilities in an actual distillation process. These include pressure and force differences to overcome friction, temperature differences in heat exchangers and between system and the surroundings, and concentration differences for mass transfer. Actual processes operate at less than 10% of the optimum ther-modynamic efficiency.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.347454
Retrieved Text: A common problem in processing of paper and other material is measuring temperature in an area in which steam (water) is used to heat and cool the material. The resulting steam vapor makes it very difficult to use non-contact infrared devices because steam vapor is opaque to infrared wavelengths commonly used, i.e. the sensor cannot see through the vapor fog very well, and thus would report temperatures that were too low. In addition, condensing steam vapor on the sensor lens would render the IRt/c completely blind to infrared wavelengths.
The IRt/c air purge models solve the problems in a simple and inexpensive fashion. The air jet from the built-in air purge clears a path to the target material by “blowing away” the steam vapor in the optical path, replacing it with dry air. Care is required in the set-up of distance to the target and air pressure employed, to prevent cooling of the target area by the air jet.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.210953
Retrieved Text: Photo: Sign in shape of plastic milk jug indicates a receptacle is made of 796 recycled milk jugs.
The Tercero Phase 3 student housing project has earned the highest possible rating of platinum in the U.S. Green Building Council’s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, or LEED, program.
Tercero 3 — with seven buildings that opened last fall — is the first residence hall project to earn LEED-platinum status at UC Davis and one of the largest residence hall projects in the nation to attain the certification.
Here are some of Tercero 3’s “green” (and now platinum!) highlights: space heating and hot water systems that derive their energy from steam formerly lost to the atmosphere; water consumption that falls well below norms indoors (34 percent less) and outdoors (64 percent less); and a diversion plan that kept 95 percent of construction waste out of the landfill.
He cited Tercero 3’s heating mechanism as a prime example of departments’ working together for sustainability. The system begins at the central steam plant, where a condensing economizer captures water vapor that formerly escaped through the boiler stacks.
The condensing economizer “wrings” energy from the vapor through heat exchange (in which heat transfers from the vapor to cooler water in three coiled pipelines). Two of those pipelines supply preheated water to the plant’s boilers, to make more steam.
The third pipe is a closed loop between the steam plant and the nearby Tercero 3 — where the water goes through another round of heat exchange, this time from the water in the closed loop to fresh

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.164438
Retrieved Text: Principle: It works on the vapor compression refrigeration cycle. Heat from the atmosphere (i.e. water or air) at low temperature is extracted at the evaporator and this heat with input of compressor work is delivered to the condenser. The heat rejected (useful heat) at the condenser can be used for various heating purposes.
The working medium is R-12 (Dichlorodifluoromethane CF2Cl2) and the heat source and heat sink is cold running water. The refrigerant is superheated in the evaporator tank and then compressed and pumped through insulated copper pipes to the nickel plated copper condensing coil in the condensing tank. Liquid refrigerant coming from the condenser is passed through silica gel drier to remove any traces of moisture present and then it is expanded through manually operated expansion valve. Now low pressure and low temperature refrigerant is sent to evaporator tank and the cycle repeats.
The actual cycle differs from ideal cycle. The schematic diagram of ideal cycle is shown.
A. Vapor Compression Cycle: There are two constant pressure processes, one reversible adiabatic process and one is enthalpic throttling process.
Process 4—1: Constant pressure heat addition process in evaporator. The refrigerant takes latent heat from water around evaporator coils and changes into saturated vapour.
Process 1—2: Reversible adiabatic (isentropic) compression with superheated vapour at compressor outlet.
Process 2—3: Constant pressure heat rejection process. The refrigerant rejects heat to water around the condenser tubes and gets condensed.
Process 3—4: Throttling (not isentropic but isenthalpic) process. The refrigerant’s temperature and pressure falls.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.068695
Retrieved Text: The most common process for producing cooling is vapor-compression refrigeration, which essentially moves heat from a controlled environment to a warmer, uncontrolled environment through the evaporation of a refrigerant which is driven through the refrigeration cycle by a compressor.
Vapor compression refrigeration machines are typically classified according to the method of operation of the compressor. Small air-to-air units most commonly employ a reciprocating or scroll compressor, combined with an air-cooled condenser to form a condensing unit. This is used in conjunction with a direct-expansion (DX) evaporator coil placed within the air-handling unit.
Cooling systems for large non-residential buildings typically employ chilled water as the medium which transfers heat from occupied spaces to the outdoors through the use of chillers and cooling towers.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.766594
Retrieved Text: We understand that new roofs are one of the most important investments you can make for your home. Our goal is to make sure that every roof is done the right way, on schedule, on budget, and that you (our customer) are completely satisfied. To help us achieve this goal, our owner is on location to approve the work and ensure full after job clean up.
What is a square and how much area does it cover?
A term used by the roofing industry to indicate an amount of roof area equal to 100 square feet (10' X 10').
A membrane which is placed between the insulation and the roof deck to retard water vapor in the building from entering the insulation and condensing into liquid water.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.673426
Retrieved Text: When the Earth begins to get too hot, the water increases in temperature. As the water continues to get hotter, it begins to undergo a phase change in which water turns to gas. The water droplets turn into water vapor because the temperature has caused the individual water molecules to speed up considerably. This process of heating water up and turning it into vapor is known as evaporation.
Evaporation should not be confused with boiling because when water undergoes evaporation, only water molecules that are on the surface of the water are actually turning into water vapor. Under conditions of boiling, the entire water has reached a complete phase change and therefore, the water is being turned into gas at a much faster rate. The steam that is rising off of a pot of boiling water is water vapor evaporating.
Pressure: The higher the pressure, the slower the evaporation because there is more pressure on the surface of the water keeping the molecules in place. If pressure is removed, the molecules can more freely launch themselves.
Concentration: If the air is already very humid, it will take much longer for a cup of water to evaporate than if there is no water in the air at all. The more concentration, the slower the evaporation rate.
Density: If a substance is more dense, the evaporation rate is slower. This is why alcohol evaporates faster than water, while water evaporates faster than mercury. Alcohol is less dense than water which is less dense than mercury.
Surface Area: If all of the heat is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.659689
Retrieved Text: What is the best measurement transmitter for level measurement in cryogenic tanks?.
Good question about cryogenic level measurement! So, most applications hold liquids with below-freezing boiling points, such as nitrogen and methane, in thermally insulated vertical tanks. Still, the tank will always have a gas pressure head for the liquid vapor. Also, these fluids have low oxygen permeability, or Dk values, which make radar devices a poor choice.
Differential pressure transmitters can compensate for the vapor pressure head and measure the level accurately. Also, wet or dry legs with some slant will help reduce turbulence from boiling and condensing outside the insulation. If you use wet legs, then you should use liquids with low freezing points.
Is the DP level transmitter the radar solution when implementing a DP level transmitter?
How do you use a 3D scanner for level measurement?
When should you use a 3D scanner to level measurement?
Which is the best level principle – radar or pressure?
What’s the best level principle? And is it better to implement a radar instead of a pressure transmitter for level measurement?
Got any more questions about cryogenic level measurement? We are here to help.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.500172
Retrieved Text: All of our beautiful earrings are one of a kind. Each one is individually created using our handcrafted ceramic pendants. Along with our ceramic pendants these earrings also include hand crafted woven beaded beads as well as czech glass beads. All earrings hang from our hand formed sterling silver ear wires.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.416742
Retrieved Text: Cinquale, about 1,600 meters from the sea, in green and quiet area, single villa under construction consists of: entrance hall, large living room with kitchenette, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom on the ground floor; 2 double bedrooms, 1 dressing room and 1 bathroom on the first floor; 1 double room in the attic; Tavern in the basement. Private garden of about 200 square meters (in the pool) and parking spaces.
Realized in energy class "A", it has fixtures and fittings. For example, masonry of Ecopor brick blocks obtained by mixture of clay and wood flour, to obtain the maximum of the energy saving performance following the new discoveries in the field of green building (the microporizzazione obtained by the combustion of the wood flour ensures a high heat insulation, sound and excellent vapor breathability for a great living comfort). Thermal insulation of the perimeter wall made with insulating multiriflettente formed from fiber wadding of polyester and aluminum films (equivalent to 20 cm mineral wool). sound insulation of perimeter walls and floors with acoustic insulation poliespanso.Impianto heating with radiant floor. condensing boiler with stainless steel stratified storage tank and solar integration. PVC window frames "made in Germany" with a coefficient of heat transmission (U value) Uf = 1.2 W / m2K. External painting in high-tech coating termoceramico ThermoShield with innovative properties, thermal comfort and energy savings. interior trim / outside of high quality pottery. annual costs for heating and domestic hot water absolutely derisory.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.411901
Retrieved Text: Top 5 Auto glass repair in - Auto Glass Repair In near you.
Early Year 2019 Deals, Windshields Up To 70% Off This Season! Windshields Savings Ending Soon, Be Quick!
So what should you do? Why Windshields Fog Up. To find the best solution, let’s take a closer look at the problem – fogging. Windshield fogging is caused by water vapor condensing on the inner surface of the glass on a windscreen. It can happen one of two ways. The first way begins with air that gets trapped inside a car from the previous day.
Hi herman, thanks for your question, Your window fogs up because it's cold outside and you are turning the heat on. What the defroster is doing is making the windshield all one temperature. When warm hits cold it creates condensation which in this case we call fog.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.407833
Retrieved Text: Biomass Pellet Mill, Wood Pellet Machine, Wood Pellet Making Machine manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Automatic Biomass Electric Gemco Supply Wood Pellet Mill, High Precision Factory Direct Sale Concrete Mixing Plant, New Arrival Commercial Automatic Concrete Batching Plant and so on.
1. Features of Biomass Wood Pellet Furnace •Safe and labor save: our biomass boiler is a non-pressure boiler which need not the professional fireman. Automatic feed automatic ignition, only feeding 1-2 times per day, the configuration of the drawer type hopper, easy and simple cleanup, greatly reduce labor intensity.
Pellet Duo is optimized for burning pellets. The boiler includes a self-igniter burner. In addition, you may also burn pellets from flax, sunflower husks, grains, cherry pits and similar or any kind of manual feed biomass.
Pellet Boiler Rebates. In New Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusett, sizable rebates (in the range of $10,000) are available to assist you with the purchase price of a pellet boiler that replaces an existing fossil fuel boiler. Contact Jim for more information.
Addition of fuel, cleaning of the burner combustion chamber and removal of ash is performed once every 1 - 14 days, depending on the quality of pellets. You can add to the boiler automatic ash remover which assures even more comfortable operating. A great advantage of our pellet boilers D15P.
automatic wood pellets hot water boiler original . With more than 30 years of manufacturing boilers, the company has formed more than 400 varieties of gas boilers, biomass boilers, coal-fired boilers, heat-conducting oil boilers, etc.
Domestic Automatic Biomass Fuel Water Boiler In Germany. Chaowei

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.282812
Retrieved Text: Diffusion pump Structure characteristics- Vacuum Pump - EVP Vacuum Solution!
The diffusion pump includes pump shell, pump core, evaporation boiler, heater, cooling water pipe and some other components etc.
KT series pump shell is made to convex cavity shape between the first stage nozzle and the second stage nozzle, to increase the pumping speed.
The pump shell is mainly used for installing pump core, cutting off the atmosphere completely, condensing the oil vapor. the surface inside is polished.
The pump core is made up of multiple nozzle and vapor pipe, which is fixed in the pump shell.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.961245
Retrieved Text: Early man would build a fire in the centre of his combustible hut or damp cave. Even when coal came into regular use the efficiency of each open fire place meant that most of the heating went up the chimney, (it would have been warmer to sit on the roof), with added danger of chimney fires or sparks causing the home, especially dwellings with a thatched roof, to burn to the ground. We obviously had to think of something better, stand up Polish-born Russian, businessman, Franz San Galli, he invented the heating radiator in St Petersburg between 1855-1857.
His invention was taken up by the wealthy Victorians as the ‘must have’ of the day, although the Radiator sensation in Great Britain really took off during the early 20th century. Although there are earlier beginnings of radiator development in the 1830’s the concept we see today is mostly based on designs by the inventive Americans, Joseph Nason and Robert Briggs in around 1863 with later design additions of the cast iron ‘Bundy Loop’ by another American, Nelson H Bundy in 1872. All the radiators of the day were run by steam, rather than hot water today.
Boilers are systems designed for heating air or water to produce heat or energy. They can be incredibly simple or fairly elaborate, but basic models are made up of an enclosed container where heat is applied to water, which is then circulated throughout the system in the form of hot water or steam. The water must be boiled to create steam, giving the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.93719
Retrieved Text: 3 Handmade Ceramic Beads Duck Egg Polka Dots And Rustic Bee Charm. An attractive set which combines two 11.5mm artist made ceramic polka dot beads finished in a duck egg blue coloured glaze accompanied by a matching 18mm bee charm design.
The production of these ceramic beads and charms takes several days as they need to be hand formed and shaped, then air dried before being fired, hand painted with glaze and fired again. This final stage is repeated to give three coats of glaze. Each ceramic bead is a one of a kind and so will vary slightly in appearance and size.
These unique hand painted beads are produced by British ceramicist and artist beadmaker Bo from Bo Hulley Beads.
If you require more ceramic beads or charms for a project than we currently have in stock please contact us.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.922464
Retrieved Text: To ensure that the sensor sees a continuous clean sample gas flow, many solvent based processes require the removal of varying amounts of entrained vapors. Designed for process temperatures at or slightly above ambient, the integral Neutronics vapor condenser removes solvent and water vapors from the sample gas stream before they can contaminate the sensor. It consists of a heat exchanger powered by a vortex cooler. The vortex cooler provides the refrigeration for the condenser assembly, collecting heat from the sample flow and condensing entrained vapors. For processes with high operating temperatures, additional preconditioning components are typically included.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.781397
Retrieved Text: If you have a central air conditioning system or a newer high-efficiency heating system you may have noticed a little box sitting on the floor near the system. The little box usually has one or two plastic pipes going into it and a clear plastic tube that leads to a laundry sink or washing machine drain. If you’ve observed this little tank, then you’ve found what’s known as a condensate pump.
In the summer months as warm moist air is forced across the evaporator coil by the fan inside your air handler, the moisture in the air condenses and drips into a collection pan. From there it often drains into a conde nsate pump where it is transferred to the outdoors or waste plumbing. Collecting and removing the condensate is pretty straightforward for central air conditioning systems.
When it comes to disposing of the condensate for heating systems it gets a bit more complicated. With older boilers and furnaces the moisture and combustion gases produced by burning either fuel oil or natural gas go right up the chimney. Newer high-efficiency boilers and furnaces are frequently referred to as “condensing” because they condense or extract the water vapor out of the flue gases before venting to the outdoors. In this case, condensed water vapor needs to be treated before the condensate pump sends it on its way out of the house.
Water vapor that forms from burning natural gas is very acidic. Acidic condensate resulting from this water vapor is destructive to the flue liner of your chimney with low

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what kind of beads are formed by their vapor condensing?" and the following answer choices: 
- h2o
 - rain
 - tiny
 - H20
 - CO 2
 - blue
 - Aves
 - Dew

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and water is made up of H2O molecules, choose the best answer.

Target Text: h2o

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.315697
Retrieved Text: It’s a type of ice formed when tiny water droplets are cooled and freeze on the first surface they come in contact with. Their small size and very cold temperature are making them freeze almost instantly, which leads to a formation of ice particles with air trapped inside.
Rime may appear similar to frost, but there’s a certain difference. Rime is formed by condensing water droplets like fog or mist, which is then coming into contact with a hard surface. On the other hand, frost is created when water vapor is directly decomposing from vapor to ice.
There are two main types of rime ice: soft rime and hard rime. As the name suggests, the soft rime is quite soft and fragile – it can be easily shaken off the surface it has formed on, while hard rime is rather hard to get rid of. Soft rime also forms into feather-like spiky crystals similar to needles (they can be as long as 4 inches or around 10 cm) – and hard rime is rounder and comb-like.
Soft rime ice is mostly formed when the water droplets are very small, a temperature is very low and the water accretions slowly. The opposite is required to the creation of the hard rime: bigger droplets, higher temperature (although it still has to be low enough to ensure that the liquid will eventually freeze) and faster accretion of water.
Both hard and soft rime is milky white, because of the air trapped inside the ice. This makes differencing it from another similar type of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.894075
Retrieved Text: Summer is in full swing with record highs across the country, and with a lot households having some kind of air conditioner, it’s the most effective way to escape the sun. As you are unwinding in your comfortably cool home or office, thankful that your air conditioner functions, let’s take a peek at how a typical AC system works.
Your air conditioner works the similar to your refrigerator, but obviously instead of keeping a single space cool, it has to work to cool down your whole house. Both use a refrigerant that changes swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a regular circle from the exterior to the interior of your house. It goes into the house as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and assembles or absorbs heat from the air within your house, expands back into vapor, then heads to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is switched back to a sub-cooled liquid.
Your AC system is created out of four critical pieces: an evaporator coil, a compressor, a condensing coil, and an expansion valve or metering device.
The part where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be inside your home, in your attic, or situated in the garage. As warm indoor air is carried across the cold evaporator coil, heat is pulled from the air…and the colder air is driven among your house.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.876417
Retrieved Text: Summer is here with record heat across the country, and with a lot households having some kind of air conditioner, it’s the best way to beat the heat. As you are sitting in your comfortably cool home or office, appreciating that your air conditioner functions, let’s look at how an average cooling system functions.
Your air conditioner works the just like your refrigerator, but understandably compared to keeping a little space cool, it has to cool your entire home. Both use a refrigerant that adapts swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a regular loop from the outdoors to the interior of your house. It goes into the home as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and assembles or takes in heat from your indoor air, expands back into vapor, then returns to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is transferred back to a sub-cooled liquid.
Your AC system is built of four key components: an evaporator coil, a compressor, a condensing coil, and an expansion valve or metering device.
The piece where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be indoors, in your attic, or in your garage. As warm indoor air is carried across the cold evaporator coil, heat is removed from the air…and the cooler air is driven among your indoor space.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant goes back to the compressor located in your outdoor condensing unit. The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.372562
Retrieved Text: To rise or pass off in steam; to send off visible vapour; to move by steam. Nuttall's Standard dictionary of the English language. By Nuttall, P.Austin. Published 1914.
To treat or cook with steam; as, to steam a pudding. The Winston Simplified Dictionary. By William Dodge Lewis, Edgar Arthur Singer. Published 1919.
To expose to steam. The american dictionary of the english language. By Daniel Lyons. Published 1899.
To cook or otherwise affect by steam. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To throw off steam; as, the soup steams in the kettle; rise or pass off in steam; as, moisture steams from the earth; move by steam; as, the vessel steamed out of the harbor. The Winston Simplified Dictionary. By William Dodge Lewis, Edgar Arthur Singer. Published 1919.
To rise or pass off in steam or vapor: to move by steam. The american dictionary of the english language. By Daniel Lyons. Published 1899.
To rise in vapor; throw off vapor; move by steam. The Clarendon dictionary. By William Hand Browne, Samuel Stehman Haldeman. Published 1894.
To exhale. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To make, give off, or send out steam. The Concise Standard Dictionary of the English Language. By James Champlin Fernald. Published 1919.
To expose to steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing. Nuttall's Standard dictionary of the English language. By Nuttall, P.Austin. Published 1914.
To apply steam to; to expose to steam; to give off vapour. Etymological and pronouncing dictionary of the English language.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.262959
Retrieved Text: Ion plating (IP) is a physical vapor deposition (PVD) process that is sometimes called ion assisted deposition (IAD) or ion vapor deposition (IVD) and is a version of vacuum deposition. Ion plating uses concurrent or periodic bombardment of the substrate, and deposits film by atomic-sized energetic particles. Bombardment prior to deposition is used to sputter clean the substrate surface. During deposition the bombardment is used to modify and control the properties of the depositing film. It is important that the bombardment be continuous between the cleaning and the deposition portions of the process to maintain an atomically clean interface.
In ion plating the energy, flux and mass of the bombarding species along with the ratio of bombarding particles to depositing particles are important processing variables. The depositing material may be vaporized either by evaporation, sputtering (bias sputtering), arc vaporization or by decomposition of a chemical vapor precursor chemical vapor deposition (CVD). The energetic particles used for bombardment are usually ions of an inert or reactive gas, or, in some cases, ions of the condensing film material (“film ions”). Ion plating can be done in a plasma environment where ions for bombardment are extracted from the plasma or it may be done in a vacuum environment where ions for bombardment are formed in a separate ion gun. The latter ion plating configuration is often called Ion Beam Assisted Deposition (IBAD). By using a reactive gas or vapor in the plasma, films of compound materials can be deposited.
The ion plating process was first described in the technical literature by

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.637062
Retrieved Text: Condensing water heaters are becoming more popular than ever. The main reason for their popularity is the extremely high energy-efficiency they offer. If you read our condensing water heater reviews, you’ll notice that they all have an energy factor of 0.94 or higher. This kind of efficiency is impossible to achieve with any other type of water heater. Therefore, you should definitely choose a condensing water heater if you want to reduce the energy waste in your home.
Condensing water heaters come in various forms, shapes, and sizes. Some condensing water heaters have storage tanks just like traditional water heaters, but you can also find tankless condensing water heaters. In this guide, we have reviewed some of the best and most efficient models from both of these groups. Read on if you want to find out more.
This model from Rheem belongs to their Professional Prestige Series of highly efficient tankless water heaters. Since Rheem RTGH-95DVLN is a condensing unit, it extracts heat from the exhaust gases which brings energy waste to the absolute minimum. This unit uses a two-pipe direct vent system. It also comes with a built-in electric blower.
This water heater is a good solution for households and commercial properties with an extremely high demand for hot water. It’s incredibly powerful, providing up to 9.5 gallons of hot water per minute.
Furthermore, this unit will work flawlessly even in the most extreme conditions. It offers a flow rate of 4.9 gallons per minute at 77 degrees F temperature rise which makes it perfect for areas with extremely

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.761904
Retrieved Text: Like the compressor in an electric vapor compression cycle, the absorption system uses its “thermal” compressor (consisting of the generator, absorber, pump and heat exchanger) to boil water vapor (refrigerant) out of a lithium bromide/water solution and compress the refrigerant vapor to a higher pressure. Increasing the refrigerant pressure also increases its condensing temperature. The refrigerant vapor condenses to a liquid at this higher pressure and temperature. Because this condensing temperature is hotter than the ambient temperature, heat moves from the condenser to the ambient air and is rejected. The high-pressure liquid then passes through a throttling valve that reduces its pressure. Reducing its pressure also reduces its boiling point temperature. The low-pressure liquid then passes into the evaporator and is boiled at this lower temperature and pressure. Because the boiling temperature is now lower than the temperature of the conditioned air, heat moves from the conditioned air stream into the evaporator and causes this liquid to boil. Removing heat from the air in this manner causes the air to be cooled.
The refrigerant vapor then passes into the absorber where it returns to a liquid state as it is pulled into the lithium bromide solution (the absorption process). The diluted lithium bromide solution is pumped back to the generator. Because lithium bromide (the absorbent) does not boil, water (the refrigerant) is easily separated by adding heat. The resultant water vapor passes into the condenser, the absorbent solution returns to the absorber, and the process repeats.
Although the process is similar to conventional electric vapor compression systems, absorption

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.60563
Retrieved Text: Summer is in full swing with record highs across the country, and with many houses having some type of air conditioner, it’s the most effective way to escape the sun. As you are relaxing in your comfortably cool home or office, appreciating that your air conditioner functions, let’s look at how a typical cooling system functions.
Your air conditioner works the similar to your refrigerator, but obviously instead of keeping a single space cool, it has to work to cool down your whole house. Both use a refrigerant that changes swiftly from liquid to gas, back to liquid again. In your air conditioner, the refrigerant is on a consistent loop from the outdoors to the interior of your house. It goes into the house as a sub-cooled liquid that evaporates and gathers or soaks up heat from the air within your house, expands back into vapor, then returns to the outside condensing unit where it dissipates the heat and is changed back to a sub-cooled liquid.
The part where your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid to a super-heated vapor is called the evaporator coil, which may be inside, in your attic, or situated in the garage. As warm indoor air is moved over the cold evaporator coil, heat is detached from the air…and the colder air is driven among your home.
From the evaporator coil, the now super-heated vapor refrigerant goes back to the compressor based in your outdoor condensing unit. The compressor raises the pressure of the vapor until it shifts into a hot, high pressure vapor.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.216766
Retrieved Text: Solvent recovery and chemical disposal can become an expensive yet unplanned cost for solvent processes like vapor degreasing. Solvent recycling equipment can separate and remove soils, debris and oils from solvent through a process called distillation. These used solvent recovery systems can recycle most cleaning solvents, reduce solvent purchases by 95%+ and chemical waste disposal cost by 90%+.
Most solvents can be recycled and recovered including: Mineral spirits, Paint Thinner, Acetone, IPA (isopropyl alcohol), MEK (methyl ethyl ketone), Xylene, Hexane, various alcohols, Chlorinated solvents (AK225, 1,2 trans-dichloroethylene / trans DCE, 3M Novec, Dupont Vertrel, Microcare solvents, Terpenes Toluene, and Aromatic Solvents. Class 1 Division 1 NFPA solvent recyclers can be used to ensure safety for flammable solvents.
Solvent recycling equipment can recycle nearly any solvent or chemistry used in electroplating, metal finishing, paint and powder coating, parts washing, vapor degreasing.
How are Solvents Recycled and Recovered?
The process of distillation allows for separating volatile and nonvolatile solutions in a solvent. Distillation occurs very similar to how a vapor degreaser works of boiling the solution and condensing the vapors back into liquid in a separate tank. The various constituents of solvents and contaminated soils boil at different temperatures: typically oils and soils are much higher than solvents. A good example of this is paint thinner which is used to clean paint off paint guns and parts; the solvent will boil at much lower temperatures than paint so boiling the mix will result in condensed pure solvent in a separated tank and the paint sludge components in another.
The above description and solvent

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.96107
Retrieved Text: Thanks to technological improvements, today’s condensing boiler is very efficient and cost-effective, far better than the non-condensing boilers of old.
New models get top ratings – 90 percent and even 95 percent AFUE, the Annualized Fuel Utilization Estimate that grades them for efficiency. That’s an A to most teachers, far better than the 75 percent or even 70 percent that an older boiler will score.
And condensing boilers are environmentally friendly.
They use waste heat in flue gas to preheat the cold water entering the boiler, capturing more heat from the outside rather than inside the home.
A condensing boiler is a water heater fueled by oil or natural gas. It condenses water vapor in the exhaust gases, which lets it recover the latent heat of vapors that, otherwise, would have been wasted.
Instead of a chimney to exhaust combustion gases from an old-fashioned boiler, the condensing boiler relies on two pipes that often can be vented through a sidewall. One pipe brings in fresh air from outdoors; it exhausts the combustion gases through the second pipe.
Want to learn more about condensing boilers and how they can enhance your comfort? Call us at (917) 275-3280.
We are an independently owned, local business that installs and services boilers, furnaces, heaters and air-conditioning systems. We serve Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn and Long Island. We also offer 24-hour emergency service for heating, ventilation and air conditioning needs, and we clean chimneys, too.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.665154
Retrieved Text: A common problem in processing of paper and other material is measuring temperature in an area in which steam (water) is used to heat and cool the material. The resulting steam vapor makes it very difficult to use non-contact infrared devices because steam vapor is opaque to infrared wavelengths commonly used, i.e. the sensor cannot see through the vapor fog very well, and thus would report temperatures that were too low. In addition, condensing steam vapor on the sensor lens would render the IRt/c completely blind to infrared wavelengths.
The IRt/c air purge models solve the problems in a simple and inexpensive fashion. The air jet from the built-in air purge clears a path to the target material by “blowing away” the steam vapor in the optical path, replacing it with dry air. Care is required in the set-up of distance to the target and air pressure employed, to prevent cooling of the target area by the air jet.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.468502
Retrieved Text: Distillation operations are as varied as evaporator types and methods of using and transferring heat energy. The following types have been studied or used: (1) Boiling with submerged tube heating surface; (2) boiling with long-tube, vertical evaporator; (3) flash evaporation; (4) forced circulation with vapor compression; (5) solar evaporation; (6) rotating-surface evaporation; (7) wiped-surface evaporation; (8) vapor reheating process; (9) direct heat transfer using an immiscible liquid; and (10) condensing-vapor-heat transfer by vapor other than steam.
Of these types only (2), (3), and (4) are commercially important in desalination. The theoretical minimum energy required for a completely reversible process to obtain pure water from 3.50% NaCl salt water is about 3 kWh per 1000 gal at 25°C. Unfortunately, the thermodynamic minimum energy requirement has little practical relevance due to the many irreversibilities in an actual distillation process. These include pressure and force differences to overcome friction, temperature differences in heat exchangers and between system and the surroundings, and concentration differences for mass transfer. Actual processes operate at less than 10% of the optimum ther-modynamic efficiency.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.350964
Retrieved Text: Photo: Sign in shape of plastic milk jug indicates a receptacle is made of 796 recycled milk jugs.
The Tercero Phase 3 student housing project has earned the highest possible rating of platinum in the U.S. Green Building Council’s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, or LEED, program.
Tercero 3 — with seven buildings that opened last fall — is the first residence hall project to earn LEED-platinum status at UC Davis and one of the largest residence hall projects in the nation to attain the certification.
Here are some of Tercero 3’s “green” (and now platinum!) highlights: space heating and hot water systems that derive their energy from steam formerly lost to the atmosphere; water consumption that falls well below norms indoors (34 percent less) and outdoors (64 percent less); and a diversion plan that kept 95 percent of construction waste out of the landfill.
He cited Tercero 3’s heating mechanism as a prime example of departments’ working together for sustainability. The system begins at the central steam plant, where a condensing economizer captures water vapor that formerly escaped through the boiler stacks.
The condensing economizer “wrings” energy from the vapor through heat exchange (in which heat transfers from the vapor to cooler water in three coiled pipelines). Two of those pipelines supply preheated water to the plant’s boilers, to make more steam.
The third pipe is a closed loop between the steam plant and the nearby Tercero 3 — where the water goes through another round of heat exchange, this time from the water in the closed loop to fresh

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.134176
Retrieved Text: When the Earth begins to get too hot, the water increases in temperature. As the water continues to get hotter, it begins to undergo a phase change in which water turns to gas. The water droplets turn into water vapor because the temperature has caused the individual water molecules to speed up considerably. This process of heating water up and turning it into vapor is known as evaporation.
Evaporation should not be confused with boiling because when water undergoes evaporation, only water molecules that are on the surface of the water are actually turning into water vapor. Under conditions of boiling, the entire water has reached a complete phase change and therefore, the water is being turned into gas at a much faster rate. The steam that is rising off of a pot of boiling water is water vapor evaporating.
Pressure: The higher the pressure, the slower the evaporation because there is more pressure on the surface of the water keeping the molecules in place. If pressure is removed, the molecules can more freely launch themselves.
Concentration: If the air is already very humid, it will take much longer for a cup of water to evaporate than if there is no water in the air at all. The more concentration, the slower the evaporation rate.
Density: If a substance is more dense, the evaporation rate is slower. This is why alcohol evaporates faster than water, while water evaporates faster than mercury. Alcohol is less dense than water which is less dense than mercury.
Surface Area: If all of the heat is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.090046
Retrieved Text: Early man would build a fire in the centre of his combustible hut or damp cave. Even when coal came into regular use the efficiency of each open fire place meant that most of the heating went up the chimney, (it would have been warmer to sit on the roof), with added danger of chimney fires or sparks causing the home, especially dwellings with a thatched roof, to burn to the ground. We obviously had to think of something better, stand up Polish-born Russian, businessman, Franz San Galli, he invented the heating radiator in St Petersburg between 1855-1857.
His invention was taken up by the wealthy Victorians as the ‘must have’ of the day, although the Radiator sensation in Great Britain really took off during the early 20th century. Although there are earlier beginnings of radiator development in the 1830’s the concept we see today is mostly based on designs by the inventive Americans, Joseph Nason and Robert Briggs in around 1863 with later design additions of the cast iron ‘Bundy Loop’ by another American, Nelson H Bundy in 1872. All the radiators of the day were run by steam, rather than hot water today.
Boilers are systems designed for heating air or water to produce heat or energy. They can be incredibly simple or fairly elaborate, but basic models are made up of an enclosed container where heat is applied to water, which is then circulated throughout the system in the form of hot water or steam. The water must be boiled to create steam, giving the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.997717
Retrieved Text: Most people in North America heat their homes using forced air furnaces. As this is the case, why is heating with water using a boiler better than heating with a forced air furnace?
It is true that most homes in North America are heated using forced air furnaces. In Europe, and other parts of the world, where energy is much more expensive, virtually all space heating and domestic hot water heating is done with boilers. Simply put, water is a much more efficient way of heating; greater efficiency means lower energy costs. In addition, increased efficiency means lower carbon dioxide emissions. And if space is a concern, a wall hung boiler is about as space efficient a heating appliance as you can get. A wall hung boiler large enough to heat a home is not much bigger than a kitchen cupboard.
There are other advantages to heating with water. If you are using an in-floor system, the comfort level, with the heat below your feet is noticeably better and with in floor or radiator systems, because you do not have the air movement associated with forced air systems, circulating dust is greatly reduced; this is especially important for people who experience dust allergies.
And by coupling your boiler with an air handler, you have the combined benefits of a high efficiency hydronics heating system with the ability to operate a central air conditioning unit.
I currently have a forced air furnace. Can I change this out to a boiler?
The simple answer is yes. In cases like this, the boiler, which

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.996021
Retrieved Text: Over the years, there hasn't been too much that we haven't seen or done. We welcome new opportunities, and we are always anxious to get our hands dirty developing cost-effective solutions to new fluid cooling challenges. Please talk with us if your application is in one of the following markets: Laser, Machine Tool, Medical, Food, Chemical, Heat Treat, Filtration, Semi-Conductor, Welding, Vapor Degreasing, Power Generation or Dry Cleaning.
Common fluids that our chillers hold at a constant temperature include: water, water/glycol, oil, acid, EDM fluids and gasoline. You'll find our chillers cooling equipment such as: lasers, MRI and PET scanners, machine tool cutting and grinding fluids, machine tool spindles, water jet pumps and tanks, and vapor degreasers. Chillers are used for everything from cooling bread dough to condensing vapor.
Fluid Chillers, Inc. offers university discounts and partnership programs.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.973103
Retrieved Text: The most common process for producing cooling is vapor-compression refrigeration, which essentially moves heat from a controlled environment to a warmer, uncontrolled environment through the evaporation of a refrigerant which is driven through the refrigeration cycle by a compressor.
Vapor compression refrigeration machines are typically classified according to the method of operation of the compressor. Small air-to-air units most commonly employ a reciprocating or scroll compressor, combined with an air-cooled condenser to form a condensing unit. This is used in conjunction with a direct-expansion (DX) evaporator coil placed within the air-handling unit.
Cooling systems for large non-residential buildings typically employ chilled water as the medium which transfers heat from occupied spaces to the outdoors through the use of chillers and cooling towers.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.877705
Retrieved Text: The weather is hitting record highs throughout the U.S. and many homes are utilizing some variety of air conditioner to beat the summer heat. Although we are all grateful that your air conditioner runs, the experts at Banister's Heating & Air Conditioning Services in Carlsbad wants to give you a glimpse at just how an AC system works.
There’s a lot of science regarding keeping your living space cool. Your air conditioner functions in a comparable way to your refrigerator, but your AC has a more difficult responsibility to manage. Both your fridge and AC cool with a reoccurring loop of refrigerant, with your AC this refrigerant loops from inside to to the external part of your home. This refrigerant easily changes from a liquid to gas and back to a liquid again. It enters your home as a sub-cooled liquid and as it evaporates it absorbs heat from inside the home and reverts back into vapor. This vapor then travels back to the unit located outdoors where the heat is released and is then condensed back into a sub-cooled liquid.
There are 4 core elements to your air conditioner unit: a compressor, an evaporator coil, the condensing coil and an expansion valve.
The evaporator coil is the place your refrigerant evaporates from a sub-cooled liquid into a super-heated vapor. This component can be established indoors, in your garage or possibly in your attic. Warm air transports across the cold evaporator coil and the heat is taken from the air. This cooled air is then transferred throughout your home.
Your

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.864445
Retrieved Text: We understand that new roofs are one of the most important investments you can make for your home. Our goal is to make sure that every roof is done the right way, on schedule, on budget, and that you (our customer) are completely satisfied. To help us achieve this goal, our owner is on location to approve the work and ensure full after job clean up.
What is a square and how much area does it cover?
A term used by the roofing industry to indicate an amount of roof area equal to 100 square feet (10' X 10').
A membrane which is placed between the insulation and the roof deck to retard water vapor in the building from entering the insulation and condensing into liquid water.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.590706
Retrieved Text: Alfa Laval Niagara Wet Surface Air Coolers (WSAC®) are efficient closed-loop, evaporative cooling systems designed for the power, process, wastewater, natural gas and petrochemical industries. These fluid cooling and vapor condensing systems are optimizedfor industrial applications where rugged designs, and cost-effective, efficient closed-loop cooling and condensing duties are required.
The challenge: An exploration and production company needed three systems to cool high pressure natural gas in a multistage compression system from 130 to 105ºF.
The solution: Several customized closed-loop, evaporative Wet Surface Air Coolers were designed and manufactured. These units were modular factory assembled and tested with tube bundles designed and stamped per ASME code requirements for the design pressure at each stage of compression. They featured special screens for protection against hail and debris.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.527798
Retrieved Text: Cinquale, about 1,600 meters from the sea, in green and quiet area, single villa under construction consists of: entrance hall, large living room with kitchenette, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom on the ground floor; 2 double bedrooms, 1 dressing room and 1 bathroom on the first floor; 1 double room in the attic; Tavern in the basement. Private garden of about 200 square meters (in the pool) and parking spaces.
Realized in energy class "A", it has fixtures and fittings. For example, masonry of Ecopor brick blocks obtained by mixture of clay and wood flour, to obtain the maximum of the energy saving performance following the new discoveries in the field of green building (the microporizzazione obtained by the combustion of the wood flour ensures a high heat insulation, sound and excellent vapor breathability for a great living comfort). Thermal insulation of the perimeter wall made with insulating multiriflettente formed from fiber wadding of polyester and aluminum films (equivalent to 20 cm mineral wool). sound insulation of perimeter walls and floors with acoustic insulation poliespanso.Impianto heating with radiant floor. condensing boiler with stainless steel stratified storage tank and solar integration. PVC window frames "made in Germany" with a coefficient of heat transmission (U value) Uf = 1.2 W / m2K. External painting in high-tech coating termoceramico ThermoShield with innovative properties, thermal comfort and energy savings. interior trim / outside of high quality pottery. annual costs for heating and domestic hot water absolutely derisory.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.506952
Retrieved Text: Top 5 Auto glass repair in - Auto Glass Repair In near you.
Early Year 2019 Deals, Windshields Up To 70% Off This Season! Windshields Savings Ending Soon, Be Quick!
So what should you do? Why Windshields Fog Up. To find the best solution, let’s take a closer look at the problem – fogging. Windshield fogging is caused by water vapor condensing on the inner surface of the glass on a windscreen. It can happen one of two ways. The first way begins with air that gets trapped inside a car from the previous day.
Hi herman, thanks for your question, Your window fogs up because it's cold outside and you are turning the heat on. What the defroster is doing is making the windshield all one temperature. When warm hits cold it creates condensation which in this case we call fog.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.383802
Retrieved Text: DREAM HIGHER THAN THE SKY is a one-of-a-kind, statement necklace featuring an original, miniature hand painted pendant, hand painted paper beads and glass beads. Two of my hand painted paper beads are attached to the pendant as a sculptural element. The remainder of the necklace is beaded with 2 more of my paper beads, glass beads and the drop down dangle features one additional hand formed, square paper bead pendant painted to match. The back side features a hand written, inspirational message that complements the necklace. EARRINGS INCLUDED. FREE SHIPPING.
Painted pendant measures 3" wide by 2-1/4" high. The pendant thickness is 1/32" thick.
Hand painted matching paper beads, hand blown dark blue/purple cylinder beads, glass beads, nickle free findings.
Necklace length including clasp: 23”.
Primary colors are blues, turquoise and purples with a splash of aqua.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.282812
Retrieved Text: Diffusion pump Structure characteristics- Vacuum Pump - EVP Vacuum Solution!
The diffusion pump includes pump shell, pump core, evaporation boiler, heater, cooling water pipe and some other components etc.
KT series pump shell is made to convex cavity shape between the first stage nozzle and the second stage nozzle, to increase the pumping speed.
The pump shell is mainly used for installing pump core, cutting off the atmosphere completely, condensing the oil vapor. the surface inside is polished.
The pump core is made up of multiple nozzle and vapor pipe, which is fixed in the pump shell.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.2506
Retrieved Text: 3 Handmade Ceramic Beads Duck Egg Polka Dots And Rustic Bee Charm. An attractive set which combines two 11.5mm artist made ceramic polka dot beads finished in a duck egg blue coloured glaze accompanied by a matching 18mm bee charm design.
The production of these ceramic beads and charms takes several days as they need to be hand formed and shaped, then air dried before being fired, hand painted with glaze and fired again. This final stage is repeated to give three coats of glaze. Each ceramic bead is a one of a kind and so will vary slightly in appearance and size.
These unique hand painted beads are produced by British ceramicist and artist beadmaker Bo from Bo Hulley Beads.
If you require more ceramic beads or charms for a project than we currently have in stock please contact us.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.0792
Retrieved Text: Principle: It works on the vapor compression refrigeration cycle. Heat from the atmosphere (i.e. water or air) at low temperature is extracted at the evaporator and this heat with input of compressor work is delivered to the condenser. The heat rejected (useful heat) at the condenser can be used for various heating purposes.
The working medium is R-12 (Dichlorodifluoromethane CF2Cl2) and the heat source and heat sink is cold running water. The refrigerant is superheated in the evaporator tank and then compressed and pumped through insulated copper pipes to the nickel plated copper condensing coil in the condensing tank. Liquid refrigerant coming from the condenser is passed through silica gel drier to remove any traces of moisture present and then it is expanded through manually operated expansion valve. Now low pressure and low temperature refrigerant is sent to evaporator tank and the cycle repeats.
The actual cycle differs from ideal cycle. The schematic diagram of ideal cycle is shown.
A. Vapor Compression Cycle: There are two constant pressure processes, one reversible adiabatic process and one is enthalpic throttling process.
Process 4—1: Constant pressure heat addition process in evaporator. The refrigerant takes latent heat from water around evaporator coils and changes into saturated vapour.
Process 1—2: Reversible adiabatic (isentropic) compression with superheated vapour at compressor outlet.
Process 2—3: Constant pressure heat rejection process. The refrigerant rejects heat to water around the condenser tubes and gets condensed.
Process 3—4: Throttling (not isentropic but isenthalpic) process. The refrigerant’s temperature and pressure falls.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.010698
Retrieved Text: Ever wonder what those crazy clouds dancing on the wing are during takeoff or landing.
Well, these are the result of the lift forces which make the plane fly.
Lift comes about because the air pressure is low above the wing, and a drop in air pressure (and temperature) tends to cause invisible water vapor to condense into the visible water droplets we see as clouds.
You can also get vapor trails off wingtips triggered by the same changes in air pressure.
You may also see a small stream of vapor over the wing which may look like jet fuel in some cases but again this will be a concentrated area of pressure change.
These clouds can be formed during any subsonic maneuver that reduces pressure over the upper surface of the wings, like high-g turns.
This video was taken at Birmingham Airport in the United Kindom.
It was taken by flugsug.
You can see more of his work at the above link.
The other vapor effect seen off aircraft is what is called vapor trails or contrails.
Contrail is short for condensation trails and appear as a line of cloud produced by the jet exhaust or can be formed by changes in air pressure from aircraft at cruise altitude.
Despite popular misconceptions, contrails or vapor trails are just that – composed primarily of water, in the form of ice crystals.
Some vapor trails can stay in the atmosphere all day depending upon the temperature and humidity at the altitude the contrails form.
This difference between trails that fade away, and trails that spread, is often used as evidence

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.977022
Retrieved Text: If you have a central air conditioning system or a newer high-efficiency heating system you may have noticed a little box sitting on the floor near the system. The little box usually has one or two plastic pipes going into it and a clear plastic tube that leads to a laundry sink or washing machine drain. If you’ve observed this little tank, then you’ve found what’s known as a condensate pump.
In the summer months as warm moist air is forced across the evaporator coil by the fan inside your air handler, the moisture in the air condenses and drips into a collection pan. From there it often drains into a conde nsate pump where it is transferred to the outdoors or waste plumbing. Collecting and removing the condensate is pretty straightforward for central air conditioning systems.
When it comes to disposing of the condensate for heating systems it gets a bit more complicated. With older boilers and furnaces the moisture and combustion gases produced by burning either fuel oil or natural gas go right up the chimney. Newer high-efficiency boilers and furnaces are frequently referred to as “condensing” because they condense or extract the water vapor out of the flue gases before venting to the outdoors. In this case, condensed water vapor needs to be treated before the condensate pump sends it on its way out of the house.
Water vapor that forms from burning natural gas is very acidic. Acidic condensate resulting from this water vapor is destructive to the flue liner of your chimney with low

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.899279
Retrieved Text: What is the best measurement transmitter for level measurement in cryogenic tanks?.
Good question about cryogenic level measurement! So, most applications hold liquids with below-freezing boiling points, such as nitrogen and methane, in thermally insulated vertical tanks. Still, the tank will always have a gas pressure head for the liquid vapor. Also, these fluids have low oxygen permeability, or Dk values, which make radar devices a poor choice.
Differential pressure transmitters can compensate for the vapor pressure head and measure the level accurately. Also, wet or dry legs with some slant will help reduce turbulence from boiling and condensing outside the insulation. If you use wet legs, then you should use liquids with low freezing points.
Is the DP level transmitter the radar solution when implementing a DP level transmitter?
How do you use a 3D scanner for level measurement?
When should you use a 3D scanner to level measurement?
Which is the best level principle – radar or pressure?
What’s the best level principle? And is it better to implement a radar instead of a pressure transmitter for level measurement?
Got any more questions about cryogenic level measurement? We are here to help.

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What happens to the heat energy during condensation." and the following answer choices: 
- It goes to the remaining air molecules
 - Temperature changing
 - they travel great distances
 - raising their temperature
 - liquid precipitation
 - changing phenomenon
 - Movement of an air mass
 - electrons in motion

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and when water vapor condenses, energy in the form of heat is given to the remaining air molecules, choose the best answer.

Target Text: It goes to the remaining air molecules

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.622246
Retrieved Text: Double glazed windows are windows created using two panes of glass. A space is left involving the panes for a layer of air or gas. This layer adds an additional barrier of insulation to hold heat in during winter and out in the summer months. It also keeps the cool air from ac units with this report where it belongs. The windows use a coating at first glance to reflect heat in most cases are treated to bar harmful UV rays. The winter has arrived. Residing in cold climates mean that you have to maintain your house stays warm and comfortable over these months. One way to make sure is actually double glazing your windows. Double glazing is the process through which a window is in fact made out of two panes of glass using a space involving the panes. At least several millimeters of space exists between your two panes of glass. The space relating to the panes traps the environment and so forms a sort of insulation. Before sealing the machine, it should be double glazed windows cost in Melbourne, Victoria made sure that we now have no moisture involving the panes by sealing it that features a drying agent. One thing that really must be made sure could possibly be that the glazed unit needs to be airtight. Condensation can be a sure-shot indicator with the presence of moisture inside the panes they come in the device is not airtight. It is very important to choose the right contractor for that reason form

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.565962
Retrieved Text: View Answers to the Questions People Typically Ask About Windows and Doors.
As part of our Window Basics section we have created a list of questions we have received from homeowners and professionals regarding windows and doors. Please take a moment to review the FAQ below to help you make informed decisions when it comes to choosing the right windows and door for your home.
The U-factor is a measure of heat flow or conductivity through a material, the reciprocal of R-value. Although R-values are used as for measures of the resistance to heat flow for individual building materials, U-factor is always used to measure the conductive energy of building enclosures.
What is a Design Pressure Rating?
Design pressure, or also referred to as DP, expresses a numerical value that defines the structural wind loading requirements (in pounds per square foot) for a building and the components and cladding of a building. For windows and patio doors, the higher the DP rating indicates better performance under wind load (eg: a DP-50 window is structurally more sound than a window rated DP-35). Coastal regions often require higher DP ratings by code to anticipate higher wind velocities that can be encountered in proximity to the coast line.
What is meant by “Solar Heat Gain Coefficient” (or, sometimes expressed as “SHGC”)?
The number to know when selecting windows and patio doors – it measures how much of the sun’s heat is transmitted through these fixtures, expressed in a number from zero to one. A window that has a SHGC of .30 will allow 30 percent

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.712404
Retrieved Text: Greenhouses in cold regions often exhibit conditions of high relative humidity (RH). Frequent high RH levels of over 80% result in poor yields and undesirable crop quality, as well as poor working conditions for employees. The objective of this study was to seek an effective and economical method(s) to control RH in greenhouses of cold regions. Three methods were tested and evaluated: finned tubing condensation, air-to-air heat exchangers, and domestic mechanical refrigeration dehumidifiers. Temperature based ventilation and RH based ventilation were used for comparisons. Finned tubing condensation using chilled water was tested in an environmental chamber. The condensation rates were obtained and statistical models were developed for the selected finned copper tubing with aluminum fins under various room and water conditions. This method was proved highly energy intensive and costly, thus discarded in the field experiment. The field experiment was conducted in a Saskatchewan greenhouse. The air-to-air heat exchangers and domestic mechanical refrigeration dehumidifiers were tested against the control treatment which was the temperature based ventilation control, i.e. relying on infiltration in winter and ventilation using exhaust fans in the other seasons. The field experimental results proved that dehumidification was needed most of the year with high RH occurring from April to November. The heat exchangers and dehumidifiers controlled RH very well in winter, early morning and night in other seasons, and saved heating cost; however, in mild and warm weather from about 9 am to noon the RH was high before the exhaust fans operated at full capacity. When the ambient air was humid during

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.551962
Retrieved Text: Will blow drying windows solve the condensation problem on my windows? At first I tried wiping them down with a hand towel but it leaves smears and doesn’t get all the moisture off. So I’ve been blow drying my windows instead. Will that help or does it only reduce the condensation temporarily?
Blow drying your windows will remove the condensation from those windows for a short period. But the two issues contributing to the condensation haven’t been tackled at all. Those two issues are high humidity in your house, and poor insulation value of the window glazing. Typically if you have really bad condensation on your windows you have both problems. If the condensation is mild to moderate then it could be one or the other, or still both. Let’s explore each of them.
High humidity in your house: you’ll get a lot of condensation on windows if a lot of moisture is produced inside your home, or if there’s no way for humidity to escape. Common sources of humidity are things that breathe and emit moisture in the process of breathing (humans, pets, plants), exposed water surfaces such as sinks with a dripping tap that keeps the sink surface wet, sinks left full, open toilet bowls, taking showers or baths, cooking without using an outdoor venting range hood, or drying clothes on an indoor clothesline or clothes rack.
The most common reason humidity can’t escape is if the house is very well sealed. This typically only happens in very well insulated homes (because good sealing is part of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.531672
Retrieved Text: In order to apply the ENERGY STAR ® label to products, manufacturers must first test their FENESTRATION products according to NFRC procedures, which include independent testing at NFRC approved laboratories.These tested products bear NFRC labels that provide important information on the Energy Ratings for the products. This information is of little benefit to you IF you are unsure how to interpret the results and are unaware of the needs for your home.
The NFRC label provides ratings for U-factor and Solar Heat Gain Coefficient, and Visible Transmittance (required ratings), and may include information on testing for Air Leakage and Condensation Resistance.
measures how well a product prevents heat from escaping a home or building. U-factor ratings generally fall between 0.15 and 1.20. The lower the U-factor, the better a product is at keeping heat inside the building. U-factor is particularly important during the winter heating season in colder climates. This label displays U-factor in U.S. units. Labels on products sold in markets outside the U.S. may display U-factor in metric units.
What’s the Difference between U-factor and R-value?
measures how much heat from the sun is blocked. SHGC is expressed as a number between 0 and 1. The lower the SHGC, the more a product is blocking solar heat gain. Blocking solar heat gain is particularly important during the summer cooling season in hot Southern climates. By contrast, people in Northern climates may want solar heat gain during the cold winter months to lessen the cost of heating the home.
measures how much outside air comes into a home or building

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.421206
Retrieved Text: Glazed flat plate solar collectors offer a simple and cost effective approach to heating water. However, on clear nights solar collectors can transfer a significant amount of heat to the atmosphere by radiation. In areas with a cool climate and high relative humidity the radiation heat loss can lead to the temperature of the glazing often reaching the dew-point of the surrounding air, this leads to condensation developing on the glazing. If water condenses on the inside of the glazing and repeatedly drips onto the solar absorber this could lead to damage of the solar collector surface thus shortening its operating life. Also the build-up of condensation on the glazing can lead to the growth of mould, is visually displeasing to the owner, and means energy must be “wasted” to evaporate the moisture during the following day. This study aims to develop the understanding of the role that condensation plays on collector performance, as well as addressing ways of minimising the impact it has. In doing so it presents an experimentally validated, numerical model for determining the frequency of condensation in glazed flat plate solar water heaters. It shows that climatic factors including relative humidity, ambient temperature and wind speed determine the frequency of condensation for any given location. However, it also reveals that the frequency of condensation can be modified by altering the convection heat transfer coefficient inside the collector and most significantly by using low emissivity coatings on the glazing layer.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.366438
Retrieved Text: If you’re unsure of whether or not you should have your windows replaced this year, there are signs that you should watch out for. If you notice these signs, we recommend getting in touch with us to discuss your replacement window options.
Increased Energy Consumption – Check your energy bill in the past six months. Were you paying more during the winter months? If this is so, you may have inefficient windows. The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) estimates that 42 percent of an average home’s energy consumption is spent on heating alone. Inefficient windows allow heat transfer, which translates to heat loss in the winter and heat gain in the summer. Energy-efficient replacement windows with ENERGY STAR® certification can help minimize heat transfer and have a positive impact on your monthly energy consumption.
Your Windows Often Get Stuck – One of the inherent problems of traditional wood windows is that they are susceptible to the effects of temperature extremes and often end up warped. We’ve seen replacement windows that are warped so badly that the homeowners left their windows permanently closed, depriving themselves of the benefits of regular ventilation. We offer replacement windows from leading manufacturer Alside®, with frames made from quality vinyl. It resists the effects of temperature extremes, ensuring smooth operation year in and out.
You’re Seeing Condensation Inside the Glazing – Condensation on the glazing isn’t always indicative of a window problem. In fact, condensation on the inside glass surface indicates high indoor humidity. However, take a closer look. If the condensation is between the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.261526
Retrieved Text: Pressure exerted by a gaseous substance in a closed container depends on a number of factors (such as temperature, number of gaseous particles). When one or more of those factors change for a gas in a closed container some times the result can be quite dramatic.
In this Discrepant Event, a soft drink can with a little bit of water is heated over a Bunsen burner until steam starts coming out of the opening. It is then quickly inverted over a trough of water. Watch the video to see what happens next.
And the question is: Why did the can get crushed?
energy/heat transfer, evaporation/boiling, pressure, atmospheric pressure, cooling, condensation (additional concepts: vacuum, expansion, contraction, number of gaseous particles).

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.219017
Retrieved Text: Homes and buildings with metal roofs have two primary problems – heat loss and condensation. Because metals are excellent heat conductors, they transmit heat both into and out of the building depending upon where the temperature is higher. When it is hot outside in summer, the building becomes intolerably hot. And during winter, the heat seeps out from the house needing more heating.
When temperatures swing, water vapor in the air condenses around the metal panels causing another problem. The constant damp leads to fungal growth and the woodwork may rot sooner. Both these problems are significant for any homeowner with a metal roof.
Metal roof insulation can help get rid of these problems. There are different techniques in use to insulate homes with metal roofs. We will discuss three of them in this report.
Fiberglass batts are useful as barriers between metal roofing and the building interior. When batts are placed side by side on top of the roofing rafters, they will permit some degree of air flow between them. Insulation batts aren’t really closed systems like other insulation, including spray foam. This means that some air flow happens even with well installed batts insulation.
Batts must be installed with a vapor barrier. This means that you can’t directly place the batts for insulation under the metal roof. If you do, then water condensing on the metal roof will seep into the batts and destroy it. Water will also interfere with the insulating capacity of the batts, and therefore will require replacement frequently.
If you allow a gap of around

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.107813
Retrieved Text: □ Describe the meaning of the terms exothermic and endothermic.
□ State the unit of energy.
□ Explain what is meant by ΔH in an equation.
□ Explain in terms of bonds why a reaction is exothermic and endothermic.
with the breaking and making of covalent bonds.
useful fractions by fractional distillation.
□ Name six main petroleum fractions and state the uses for each one.
(because heat energy is gained).
each of the following changes as exothermic or endothermic.
given out to the surroundings.
 Similar reaction takes place during condensation.
Classify freezing and condensation as either exothermic or endothermic.
 Heat energy is absorbed during melting and boiling.
Classify melting and boiling as either exothermic or endothermic.
2. Dissolving of some salts in water.
 Take note of the initial temperature of water in a test tube.
Classify combustion reactions as either exothermic or endothermic.
Classify decomposition of compounds as either exothermic or endothermic.
of the acid in the test tube.
Classify neutralization reactions as either exothermic or endothermic.
tube, the reaction gives out heat and the test tube becomes warm.
Classify metal displacement reactions as either exothermic or endothermic.
or enthalphy change of the reaction.
 It is measured in _____________ and represented by the symbol ______.
⇒ For an exothermic reaction, ΔH is negative. Why?
example is the reaction between magnesium and hydrochloric acid.
⇒ For endothermic reaction, ΔH is positive. Why?
 An example of a reaction with a positive ΔH is given below.
 In an exothermic reaction, heat energy is given out to the surroundings.
products of the reaction have less energy than the reactants.
⇒ Draw the energy level diagram for an exothermic reaction.
 In an endothermic reaction, heat

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.084974
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the four common phases of matter?
2. Do the molecules in a liquid all have about the same speed, or do they have a wide variety of speeds?
Molecules in liquids have a wide variety of speeds.
3. What is evaporation, and why is it a cooling process? Exactly what is it that cools?
Evaporation is a change of phase from liquid to gas that occurs at the surface of a liquid. The average kinetic energy of the molecules remaining in the liquid is lowered, which results in cooling. The loss of energy is the only factor which cools liquid evaporation.
4. Why does warmer water evaporate more readily than cold water?
Warmer water evaporates more readily than cold water because there are a greater proportion of molecules with sufficient kinetic energy to escape the warmer water.
The form of evaporation in which molecules are covered directly from a solid to a gaseous phase.
6. Distinguish between condensation and evaporation.
In condensation the state changes from gas to liquid while evaporation the state changes from liquid to gas. Condensation is a warming process while evaporation is a cooling process.
7. Why is a steam burn more damaging than a burn from boiling water of the same temperature?
A scaling from steam is much more damaging than a scalding from boiling water of the same temperature because the steam releases considerable energy when it condenses to a liquid and wets the skin.
8. Why do you feel uncomfortably warm on a hot day and humid day?
On a hot day and humid day we feel uncomfortably warm

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.037754
Retrieved Text: Which dryer is the right one for you?
In order to make your dryer purchase a real success, there’s one vital question that needs answering before shopping: What model suits your specific needs and your spatial conditions?
Distinctions are made between heat pump, condensation and exhaust air dryers. Below you will find detailed information on each of the dryer types.
Heat pump dryers are particularly energy-efficient: They use the majority of the energy of the hot exhaust air to assist in the drying process. This means that hardly any heat is lost. Hot air streams through the dryer drum and also through the wet laundry. The air takes up the moisture in the laundry and carries it back into the heat pump. Using coolant, the hot air is cooled off. The warm air is transferred to the laundry, completing the drying cycle. The condensed water is collected in the dryer's condensation container or – for models with a drain set – drained via a hose directly into the waste water.
Condensation dryers can be set up nearly anywhere a power outlet is available as they do not require an exhaust air hose.
Cool air is warmed and then picks up the moisture of the laundry. In the condenser, the moist air is cooled off again with the extracted water being collected in the dryer's condensation container. The cooled air is now warmed up again and repeats the process.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.83717
Retrieved Text: Finding the right windows for our whole-home window replacement project is overwhelming. Further, finding the right window installation company and contractor is unnerving, is it not? What’s more, finding both requires homeowners to know the right company to use, the right materials to select, the best styles for the home, equipped for the unique weather (in our case, East St. Paul, MB), and the most affordable price-point.
We get it. It’s a lot. The team at Pioneer Window & Door Manufacturing knows all about the stress involved in a window replacement project because we work with stressed clients all year long. So, we know how important it is for you—the homeowner—to know the right information to guide you along your window replacement journey!
- How do I find a good replacement window contractor?
The internet is a tremendous resource. Use it! See what others have to say about their experiences with window replacement contractors. But, do not stop there. The people in your life are also fantastic resources: your neighbors, coworkers, acquaintances, friends, family members, even your barista. Surely, someone you know has been through a home replacement project with a local contractor. Ask them about their experience and results.
- What is window condensation?
For starters, it is a sign you may need to consider replacement. Condensation can appear as water, frost, ice, or a combination of these. This happens when the temperature is lower than the dew point. Newer windows do a great job of preventing condensation. In fact, Pioneer designs windows that maintain a surface temperature above the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.689371
Retrieved Text: Low temperature vacuum evaporator with heat pump, powered with electrical energy. Suitable for all industries with small flows of water and wastewater, where simple maintenance and low management costs are required.
Detachable boiling vessel with large evaporating area ideal for foamy liquids, submersed heat exchanger, side-condensation section, full automatic operation with PLC and touch screen. Standard manufacturing in 1.4401/1.4404 (AISI316/316L) or special alloys for hazardous liquids.
Low temperature vacuum evaporator with heat pump, powered with electrical energy. Detachable boiling vessel, submersed heat exchanger, side-condensation section, full automatic operation with PLC and touch screen.
Low temperature vacuum evaporator with heat pump, powered with electrical energy.
Suitable for die-casting, electronic and mechanic industries, heat treatment, eluates from resin regeneration RO rejects, food & beverage (electropolished version available on demand), chemical & pharmaceutical, galvanizing, pickling and surface treatments, paint industry, printing industry, engraving, printing rotogravure, packaging, wineries (special line for the grape must concentration). Detachable boiling vessel, submersed heat exchanger, large manway and sight glass with illuminator, built-in condensation section, full automatic operation with PLC and touch screen. Automatic cleaning.
Low temperature vacuum evaporator with heat pump, powered with electrical energy. Derived from the ECO VS-HP series, it is configured for the direct treatment of chromic solutions. Ideal for galvanizing. Made in Titanium and acid-resistant resins.
Detachable boiling vessel, submersed heat exchanger, large manway and sight glass with illuminator, built-in condensation section, full automatic operation with PLC and touch screen. Automatic cleaning.
Low temperature vacuum evaporator with heat pump, powered with electrical energy with internal scraper.
Specially configured to treat encrusting water-based solutions, it has an internal

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.431183
Retrieved Text: it is good to state that roofing and insulation remain to be one of the best decisions that anyone can make as a property owner and it is estimated that in every home and business more than half of the energy expenses are from cooling and heating and inadequate insulation wastes energy and as a result time too. If the homeowner installs the right kind of insulation like roof and ceiling insulation, the person will conserve energy, save money and keep a fixed temperature level in the home. Many people weigh the benefits and the cost of insulation compared to the cost of ceiling insulation and this results in most homes being poorly or incorrectly insulated.
Three basic components of hot air flow are convection, radiation, and conduction. It is a known fact that conduction is the best way that heat energy moves through materials such as a metal spoon becoming hot, and the radiant energy travels in a straight line heat any solid object in its path and absorbs the energy.The truth is that conduction is the best way that heat energy moves through materials such as a metal spoon becoming hot, and the radiant energy travels in a straight line heat any solid object in its path and absorbs the energy. A point worth highlighting is that convection is the process that heat moves through liquids and gas, and that is why light and warm air rises and colder dense air sinks and when the person insulates the roof and the ceiling they slow down

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.380512
Retrieved Text: The main goal of this work was the study of the applicability of a polymer film heat exchanger concept for the applications in the chemical industry, such as the condensation of organic solvents. The polymer film heat exchanger investigated is a plate heat exchanger with very thin (0.025 – 0.1 mm) plates or films, which separate the fluids and enable the heat transfer. After a successful application of this concept to seawater desalination in a previous work, a further step is in chemical engineering, where the good chemical resistance of polymers in aggressive fluids is the challenge. Two approaches were performed in this work. The first one was experimental and included the study of the chemical and mechanical resistance of preselected films, made of polymer materials, such as polyimide (PI), polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE). To simulate realistic operating conditions in a heat exchanger the films were exposed to a combined thermal (up to 90°C) and mechanical pressure loads (4-6 bar) with permanent contact with the relevant organic solvents, such as toluene, hexane, heptane and tetrahydrofuran (THF). Furthermore, a lab-scale apparatus and a full-scale demonstrator were manufactured in cooperation with two industrial partners. These were used for the investigation of the heat transfer performance for operating modes with and without phase change. In addition to the experimental work, a coupled finite element –computational fluid dynamics (FEM-CFD)-model was developed, based on the fluid-structure-interaction (FSI). Two major tasks had to be solved here. The first one was the modelling of the condensation process, based on available mathematical

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.356466
Retrieved Text: Anyone get condensation on windows as soon as the weather gets cold? Every morning I'm wiping down the windows. It seems to be just at the bottom of the windows, but enough that if I don't wipe them, the water could accumulate and end up dripping on the floor. I have been keeping the air exchange unit on all night to help circulate air. I leave the blinds up. I don't know what else to do. I even crack a window open during the day. A whole house dehumidifier is expensive. I have a portable one I leave in the basement but it only dehumidifies air that is close to the unit. Anyways, just wanted to know if I'm alone in this or not. Thanks!
You're definitely not alone. We always get condensation on our windows in the winter. It's annoying. I don't dehumidify though because the air is dry enough already, believe it or not and my skin can't handle even drier air.
Yes dry air is horrible ! So what do you do? Just wipe the windows down every morning? What if you want to go on vacation for a few days? How do you leave the house when you know so much condensation will build up over a few days? I don't think I could ask anyone to come wipe my windows down every morning while I"m gone.
Same issue here...condensation all winter long and the air to air runs all day. We leave the blinds up a couple of inches at night so that the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.139439
Retrieved Text: Just because it is winter doesn’t mean that you have to shut down your pool! Why own a swimming pool if you can only use it for ⅓ of the year (if you’re lucky)? If you properly take care of your pool, you can keep it open through the snowy winter months and take a plunge even in January. Read below for a few things that you need to know if you’d like to keep your pool despite the snow on the ground.
You will need a good heater in order to keep the pool temperature between 70-80℉. Some heaters will shut down if the outside temperature drops below 55℉, while others won’t shut down until it drops below 20℉. Condensation will collect around the evaporator coil and will start to freeze, causing damage to the machine. Heaters shut down in order to protect the mechanics from breaking as this happens. Talk to your Swimming Pool Professional to ensure that your heater will last the winter months.
A good pool cover can reduce heat loss by nearly 50%. A pool can lose 5℉ of heat overnight in warm months, and even more during the winter, if it is not covered. Keeping your pool covered will save you money and effort, and your pool will stay warmer for the times you decide to take a dip. Do be aware that your cover might freeze to the ground, making it impossible to use your pool for a few days.
Heating your pool through the winter will require a lot of additional

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.084213
Retrieved Text: Vapor Phase Soldering, also well known as Condensation Soldering, uses for the heating-up process of the assemblies the thermal energy which is emitted by phase change of the heat transfer medium from gas-like to liquid state. This phase change (Condensation) at the complete surface of the solder piece lasts as long until the assembly has reached the temperature of the vapor. Due to the high vapor density and the liquid film as a result of condensation, the complete heating-up process takes place at an oxygen free environment. The transferred quantity of heat is linear to the supplied heating energy.
No more overheating of the assemblies, because the boiling point of the heat transfer fluid defines the maximal soldering temperature. Therefore vapor phase soldering is ideally usable for lead free solder processes.
Continuous heating-up at the complete assembly even with different assembly parts and assembly mass.
Oxygen free soldering process without application of any protective gas.
Efficient use of energy due to the high heat transfer coefficient of the medium, compared with air, nitrogen or radiation. Therefore operating costs are significant reduced compared with the other Soldering Technologies as radiation and convection.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.067753
Retrieved Text: Musty smells in cupboards and wardrobes, green mould growing on shoes and curtains, steamed up windows all the time, black mould in corners and cold areas, and a damp clammy feeling? All of these are likely to indicate a condensation problem.
Almost all buildings get condensation from time to time. It becomes a problem when conditions allowing condensation persist for long enough to allow moulds to grow. Condensation is an increasingly important problem, and is the most common form of dampness in UK buildings today. Concern for energy conservation, cutting of ever more expensive heating bills, and finite energy resources has resulted in more draughtproofing and better insulation. Unfortunately, this has often reduced air movement in buildings to the extent that condensation takes place and mould growth occurs, with possible damage to building contents, fabric, and health of occupiers.
Condensation occurs when the balance between heating, ventilation and insulation in a building gets upset. This may be due to improvements such as double glazing, which reduces draughts but also reduces ventilation and air circulation, or central heating when radiators are badly located. Additional loft insulation is a third common cause of condensation when not well fitted.
Inspections for condensation cover sources of excessive moisture, as well as heating, ventilation, and insulation matters. They include checks on temperature and humidity conditions in a building, often in a number of rooms, and surface temperature measurements, particularly in likely cold spots. Likely sources of airborne moisture are inspected, such as Kitchens, Utility Rooms, Bathrooms. The location and operation of heating systems such

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.972832
Retrieved Text: In air conditioning, heat transfer is the name of the game and clean evaporator coils are where it all happens. The less efficient the heat transfer process is, the longer the compressor cycles in the air conditioner must be to meet thermostat settings. Since the compressor is the primary energy consumer in a central A/C, longer “On” cycles mean higher operating costs and utility bills. Dirty coils alone can increase energy consumption by over 35 percent. It’s also often the root cause behind other dysfunctions such as coil icing and less effective humidity extraction. When diagnosing shortfalls in A/C performance and efficiency, checking for clean evaporator coils is one of the first steps.
Warmth in household air drawn over the cold surfaces of the evaporator coil is absorbed by refrigerant vapor circulating through the coil. Anything that comes between the transfer of heat energy in the air into the refrigerant inside the coil decreases efficiency of the cooling process. What could get in the way? Even a thin coating of dust on coil surfaces produces a measurable drop in heat absorbed by the refrigerant. Installed inside the air handler, directly in the path of circulating air, the evaporator is perfectly positioned to accumulate dust, dirt and a variety of other airborne particulates picked up throughout the house.
Sealed inside the air handler installed in the HVAC closet or up in the attic, the evaporator coil is not readily accessible to the average homeowner and its condition is rarely checked. When symptoms suggest dirty evaporator coils and an inspection

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.87771
Retrieved Text: The only thing fog is good for is when you want to write weird things on the inside of bus windows. That’s it; nothing else. When condensation appears on windows, it’s mainly due to a lack of airflow throughout a home/space. By increasing airflow throughout your home, the likelihood of condensation forming can be mitigated.
While older homes tend to have more airflow throughout the house (a good thing to reduce fog on windows), they are also less energy efficient. Newer homes tend to be the opposite–these homes have less air flow, but are also more energy efficient due to tighter seals on windows and doors.
*If you don’t know what “condensation” is–Google it. This isn’t an 8th grade science class.
Windows with an insulated glass unit that includes a Low-E coating will reduce both radiant heat-loss and ultraviolet rays. The better the Low-E coat, the more efficient it will be at mitigating condensation. A “soft coat” of Low-E is usually the best for this specific issue.
Since Argon is an inert gas (heavier than air), it makes for a great buffer for heat transfer.Windows with Argon gas between the panes, and a Low-E coat will maximize home efficiency.
Raising home temperature by one or two degrees can greatly reduce the possibility for condensation to appear on windows (as long as there is appropriate air flow).
You probably didn’t know this, but fans and exhaust systems tend to help air move around a room. With air flow comes regulated humidity levels–which helps to decrease the likelihood of fog.
Opening a door to bring

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.803303
Retrieved Text: Heat recovery units in a bulk buy pack of 4. These humidity control heat exchange fans reduce relative humidity and alleviate condensation, providing continuous ventilation with minimum heat loss. The Stadium HRV 150 fan offers an effective single room solutions for area suffering with consistent condensation problems.
Unlike conventional extractors these heat recovery units contain two fans, one to expel stale air and the other to draw in fresh air. The two airflow streams pass through a highly efficient heat exchanger. The heat energy in the expelled air is transmitted to the incoming fresh air. The airflows never mix allowing 80% of the exhaust energy to heat the incoming air.
The heat recovery units run at low speed providing consistent background ventilation. When the humidistat registers high level of humidity the ventilaton fan switches to its boost setting to quickly expell the moisture laden air before it has chance to condensate.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.802269
Retrieved Text: 3. Thermal Comfort “Is that condition of mind that expresses satisfaction with the thermal environment” Depends on may parameters: Meteorological Physiological / psychological Clothing etc Conclusion: Concept not easily quantifiable!
7. Thermodynamics - 2nd Law The most probable processes that can occur in an isolated system are those in which entropy increases or remains constant In other words: In an isolated system there is a well-defined trend of occurrence of process and this is determined by the direction in which entropy increases. In other words: Heat flows naturally from a system of higher temperature to a system of lower temperature.
17. Adsorption Phase 1 Heating and pressurization The adsorbent temperature increases, which induces a pressure increase, from the evaporation pressure up to the condensation pressure. This period is equivalent to the "compression" phase in compression cycles.
19. Adsorption Phase 3 Cooling and depressurization During this period, the adsorber releases heat while being closed. The adsorbent temperature decreases, which induces the pressure decrease from the condensation pressure down to the evaporation pressure. This period is equivalent to the "expansion" in compression cycles.
21. Adsorption Cooling - Summary The cycle is intermittent because production of cooling energy is not continuous: it occurs only during part of the cycle When there are two adsorbers in the unit, they can be operated separately and production of cooling energy can be quasi-continuous. When all the energy required for heating the adsorber(s) is supplied by the heat source, the cycle is termed single effect. Typically, for domestic refrigeration conditions, the COP of single effect adsorption cycles

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.631445
Retrieved Text: Daylighting refers to the use of sunlight to illuminate the space within a building, offsetting the energy required to operate electrical lighting and promoting occupant well-being. Daylighting can be optimized by paying close attention to certain factors during the design stage of a building, including the interior layout, building orientation, usage and window placement within the space. Windows are, of course, a necessary component of daylighting but even though windows comprise a small area of a home, they are responsible for a heat loss that is disproportionate to their area. This heat loss can be mitigated by using a window layout that promotes solar gain during the winter months and also by using windows that are energy-efficient. Energy-efficient windows have the additional benefit of reducing, or eliminating entirely, condensation issues that could otherwise lead to mould growth.
For more information on this technology, download the Canadian Mortgage and Housing Corporation's Daylighting Guide for Buildings.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.623632
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 03:22:54 am at 04/20/2019 03:22:54 am in Condensation Between Window Panes Do It Yourself.
condensation between window panes do it yourself dsc01422 condensation between window panes do it yourself.
condensation between window panes do it yourself,getting rid of condensation between glass windows thriftyfun a window with water condensation, broken window repair or replace houselogic window repair tips , should i use lowe glass or window film to block heat angies list should i use lowe glass or window film to block heat, bathroom window condensation bad doityourselfcom community forums name wjpg views size , foggy windows how to clean fix repair measure or order window glass foggy windows how to clean fix repair measure or order window glass hartford ct, is condensation bad for windows teds energy tips condensation on wooden windows is more problematic, pros cons and costs of installing doublepaned windows double pane windows, windows mold keeps growing seal broken and condensation problems windows mold keeps growing seal broken and condensation problems, dont ignore foggy windows , getting rid of condensation between glass windows thriftyfun .

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.350712
Retrieved Text: Contributed by the Heat Transfer Division of ASME for Publication in the JOURNAL OF HEAT TRANSFER. Manuscript received May 21, 2014; final manuscript received April 22, 2015; published online August 11, 2015. Assoc. Editor: Sumanta Acharya.
Hydrogen release in confined spaces is an important safety issue, which is even more important in the context of severe accident in nuclear reactors. In severe accidents, hydrogen release is associated with release of steam and the condensation of steam on walls leads to increase in concentration of hydrogen in residual gas as well as condensation induced mixing. In the present paper, a model for falling film steam condensation in the presence of noncondensable gases is presented. The steam condensation model is incorporated into an in-house developed cfd code called hydrogen distribution simulator (HDS) and is used for hydrogen distribution studies. The validation of the CFD model with steam condensation against the experimental results from the CONAN facility is discussed. Subsequently, the model is applied to a typical release situation involving release of hydrogen and steam for some time and its distribution for a long time beyond it. The heat and mass transfer aspects of the problem are highlighted. It is seen that steam condensation has an important bearing on the distribution of hydrogen and the mixing behavior of gases in the enclosure.
Karwat, H. , Bardelay, J. , Hashioto, T. , Koroll, G. W. , Krause, M. , Heriteau, J. P. , Lundstrom, P. , Notafrancesco, A. , Royl, P. , Schwinges, B. , Tezuka, H. , and Tills, J. ,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.349031
Retrieved Text: The water cycle includes condensation, evaporation and precipitation.
Which property of liquid allows it to be pushed through the pump of a soap dispenser?
(A) It can change its volume. (B) It can change its shape.
What happens to the particles in a solid when you heat the solid?
(A) They melt. (B) They speed up.
(C) They slow down. (D) They turn on a fan.
(A) By something removing heat from it and slowing down the particles.
(B) By something removing heat from it and speeding up the particles.
(C) By something adding heat to it and slowing down the particles.
(D) By something adding heat to it and speeding up the particles.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.337305
Retrieved Text: Why Are My Ducts Sweating?
Temperatures tend to be relatively warm here in the El Dorado Hills area, and you can probably recall several occasions when the summer heat has made you sweat. Sweating may be healthy and natural in people, but what about the air ducts in your home? Condensation on your ductwork is a bad sign, indicating that you have a larger HVAC issue on your hands. If you have sweating ductwork, it’s important to pinpoint the underlying cause and to resolve the situation as soon as possible.
Don’t blame your HVAC system just yet. Sweating ducts are usually an indication that your home is not properly air sealed and insulated. Why?
When your home is poorly sealed and under-insulated, outdoor air is allowed to enter. During the summer, this hot and humid air eventually comes into contact with the cold surface of your AC ducts, causing it to release moisture (because cold air cannot hold as much moisture as warm air). While during the winter, the cold air from the outdoors can condense on your warm ducts. This moisture settles there, making your ductwork look like it’s sweating.
Condensation on ductwork doesn’t just indicate that you have an air sealing or insulation problem; the condensation itself can contribute to a number of other issues in your home. Sweating ducts can eventually cause mold and mildew growth, water damaged insulation, and moisture issues on nearby ceilings and walls. These issues, in turn, can impair your home’s indoor air quality, decrease home energy efficiency, and even undermine the very

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.254694
Retrieved Text: Khanpara, J. C., Bergles, A. E., and Pate, M. B., 1986, “Augmentation of R-113 In-tube Condensation With Micro-fin Tubes,” in Heat Transfer in Air Conditioning and Refrigeration Equipment, J. A. Kohler and J. W. B. Lu, eds., ASME, NY, pp. 21–32.
Schlager, L. M., Pate, M. B., and Bergles, A. E., 1989, “Heat Transfer and Pressure Drop During Evaporation and Condensation of R22 in Horizontal Micro-fin Tubes,” Int. J. Refrig., 12, pp. 6–14.
Schlager, L. M., Pate, M. B., and Bergles, A. E., 1990, “Evaporation and Condensation Heat Transfer and Pressure Drop in Horizontal, 12.7-mm Microfin Tubes with Refrigerant 22,” J. Heat Transfer, 112, pp. 1041.
Schlager, L. M., Pate, M. B., and Bergles, A. E., 1990, “Condensation of Refrigerant-Oil Mixture in Smooth and Augmented Tubes,” Proceedings of the 2nd International Symposium on Condensers and Condensation, Mar. 28–30, University of Bath, Bath, UK, pp. 451–460.
Hori, M., and Shinohara, Y., 1990, “Heat Transfer Characteristics of Internally Grooved Tubes,” Shindo-Gizyutsu Kenkyuukai-shi, 29, pp. 65–70.
Koyama, S., Miyara, A., Takamatsu, H., and Fujii, T., 1990, “Condensation Heat Transfer of Binary Refrigerant Mixtures of R22 and R114 Inside a Horizontal Tube with Internal Spiral Grooves,” Int. J. Refrig., 13, pp. 256–263.
Haraguchi, H., 1994, “Study on Condensation of HCFC22, HFC134a and HCFC123 Inside Horizontal Tubes,” Dr. Eng. thesis, Kyushu University.
Chamra, L. M., and Webb, R. L., 1996, “Advanced Micro-Fin Tubes for Condensation,” Int. J. Heat Mass Transf., 39, pp. 1839–1846.
Webb, R. L., 1994, Principles of Enhanced Heat Transfer, John Wiley and Sons, New York.
Fujii, T., 1995, “Enhancement to Condensing Heat Transfer–New Developments,” J. Enhanced Heat

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Vapor doing what forms beads of liquid?" and the following answer choices: 
- energy barrier
 - condensing
 - a solute
 - boiling
 - unidirectional
 - motion
 - kinetic energy
 - evaporation

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and water, for example, is a liquid, choose the best answer.

Target Text: condensing

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.00163
Retrieved Text: The gulf coast of Texas is no stranger to muggy, sticky weather from immense levels of humidity. Airborne water vapor makes the air heavy, stuffy, difficult to breathe, and makes it seem like there’s seemingly no relief anywhere to be found. However, if you’re dealing with this same battle in your own home, you could also be facing problems such as wood rot, ruined flooring, mold growth, and much more. An over-abundance of humidity in your home also leaves you feeling uncomfortable around the clock.
However, arguably the greatest weapon you have against in-home humidity is one you may be overlooking: your air conditioner. Air conditioners naturally remove humidity from the air, leaving your home cool, dry, and refreshing while providing you with the relief you need from the sticky outside air.
Have you ever left a glass of cool ice water sitting on the counter for about five minutes or so? When you’ve come back, you may or may not have been surprised to see that the outer surface of the glass is almost as wet as the inside surface that’s holding the water in! This is a common example of the effect known as “condensation,” which is an important principle for how your air conditioner works.
Water is commonly found in three states: solid, liquid, and gas. Solid water, known as ice, melts when it gets to a certain temperature, becoming liquid water. When liquid water absorbs enough energy, it turns into gas form, known as water vapor, which is found in the air all around us.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.017773
Retrieved Text: Are Vapor Cigarettes Right for Me?
A multitude of flavors for you to select, try, and enjoy.
You’ll spend less money on vaporizers than you would on cigarettes.
The vapors from vapor cigarettes smell like the flavor you’ve selected, so you can eliminate bad smoking odors in your car, hair, clothes, and belongings.
An excellent means to quit smoking. You’ll be able to continue doing the part of smoking that’s the hardest to quit – the habit of going on smoke breaks and the practice of smoking.
Contact us today to learn more about our vapor cigarettes in Tampa!
Battery – There are different types of batteries that can be used, but this is one of the most important elements of your vapor cigarette.
Atomizer – The atomizer or heating coil is what is responsible for turning the e-liquid into vapor.
Cartridges – The cartridge holds the e-liquid. The cartridge does have to be replaced with frequent use.
Drip tips – The drip tip is the mouthpiece for the vapor cigarette.
E-liquid – The e-liquid comes in various flavors and they contain the nicotine.
Our products are some of the best in the industry, and that’s why for vaporizer cigarettes, Tampa locals choose us! We believe in our products and we look forward to helping you find the system that is right for your needs and preferences. To learn more about our vaporizers and nicotine vapor cigarettes, contact us today!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.289803
Retrieved Text: This web page identifies various conditions that must be satisfied within the Plama Impact Fusion (PIF) process in order to meet the tritium breeding requirement.
c) Tendency of alloyed Li to evaporate or sputter off the interior surface of the liquid lead shell wall at the contemplated liquid lead operating temperature.
The presence of alloyed Li in the liquid lead detracts from the ion energy gain during the adiabatic compression by the liquid lead by reducing the average atomic weight of the compressing liquid metal and by adding unwanted Li ions to the plasma being compressed.
A furthur problem with alloyed Li is that on contact with water vapor in the air it spontaneously forms LiOH which melts at 462 degrees C. This LiOH acts as a flux and leads to liquid metal depositing on the surfaces of electrical insulators, which is a major problem in the spheromak generators.
Attempts to mitigate the Li alloy problems trigger expensive lead isotope separations.
During the adiabatic compression the He-4 nuclei bounce off the lead atoms and add their kinetic energy to heating of the plasma. The plasma electrons emit x-rays that are in absorbed near the inner surface of the liquid lead creating a high pressure mix of lead and lithium vapor. To minimize the lithium vapor problems it is contemplated that the lithium will be chemically bound to fluorine. At high liquid lead pressures the lower density LiF will tend to migrate away from the inner lead radius Ri due to its buoyancy. This buoyancy will effectively keep LiF away from the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.139303
Retrieved Text: Water comes from the reservoir which is the place where we get water, it is also found in the ocean, lakes and rivers. The sun evaporates the water. Then the water turns into a type of gas called vapor. Then It becomes little droplets and then the droplets forms into a cloud. Then the hydro logic-cycle starts all over again by raining.
Reservoir= The place where our water comes from.
Hydro logic-cycle= Another word for water-cycle.
Evaporate= Turn from liquid into vapor.
Droplets= A very small bit of liquid.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.65205
Retrieved Text: What The Heck Is A Heatpipe Anyhow?
ED Note: Jeff is one of our Senior Forum Members and has started a new site called Wildandyc.co.uk with Proze and Wild Andy C. We wish them the best of luck and look forward to seeing their website grow; drop by for a visit!
Heatsinks move heat away from its point of origin by conducting the heat through metal, usually aluminum or copper. Heatpipes move heat through a process known as Vapor Phase. Vapor phase is the same process that keeps your work environment cool in the summer time, and keeps your frozen produce frozen.
What is Vapor Phase? Vapor phase is, simply put, a liquid evaporating into a gas, resulting in a cooling effect. Ever notice how the wind feels cold after getting out of the pool, even though it’s a warm and sunny day outside? The wind feels cold because it is evaporating the water that’s on your skin.
Here is a simple diagram of a heatpipe – look it over.
The heat source at the bottom of the heatpipe heats the liquid to its boiling point. When the liquid boils, it cools itself by evaporation. The liquid will remain at its boiling point, but will not exceed more than a few degrees above its boiling point, because the constant evaporation stabilizes its temperature.
Now that some of the liquid is a gas, it must be cooled in order to condense back to a liquid state. The surface area of the cylinder from the fluid level up performs this duty. The gas “passes”

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.638205
Retrieved Text: Most matter we encounter is in the form of ____.
Seawater is an example of a ____ solution.
Homogenous mixture of two or more substances.
The majority component of a solution is the ____, and the minority component is the ____.
What is the solvent and solute in seawater?
Substances tend to combine into uniform mixtures rather than separating into pure substances, unless ________________.
unless it is highly unfavorable energetically.
Why does fluid flow out of body cells and into seawater when it flows through the intestines?
The body cells have less dilute fluid than seawater, and tend toward mixing with it.
What is the solvent and solute in club soda?
Brass (copper/zinc) and other alloys are examples of what?
Per 100g H2O, at 25C, what is the solubility of NaCl?
Is grease soluble in water?
Chemical systems tend toward ____ potential energy.
Why do protons and electrons move toward each other?
If 2 ideal gases that normally would not interact with each other are placed in a split container that then has the barrier removed, they will mix.
Why will ideal gases mix if placed in a split container that then has the barrier removed?
In what 3 places do intermolecular forces occur during solution formation?
What is the first step in solution formation?
What is the second step in solution formation?
What is the third step in solution formation?
Delta H[hydration] is typically _____ for ionic compounds.
In ionic compounds, delta H[solute] = _________.
What are the three possible absolute values of delta H in ionic aqueous solutions?
Describe the dynamic equilibrium attained when a solid solute is dissolved in a liquid solvent.
At first the rate of solute

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.618917
Retrieved Text: Condensation, the accumulation of liquid water on a surface through contact with humid air, can be harmless in some settings, an undesirable or even damaging occurrence in others. In situations where condensation is undesirable, taking steps to prevent the conditions that preclude its formation are relatively simple and deliver a good payback.
What is condensation? In general usage, the term refers to the formation of liquid water droplets that occurs when humid air contacts a cooler surface. It is the liquid moisture that accumulates on the exterior of a glass containing a cold drink. Properly, the term condensation names the process of a vapor changing to a liquid. It is the opposite of evaporation. Condensate (note the different word form) is the liquid accumulated through the condensation process. This article is limited to condensate that forms when atmospheric air contacts a cold surface, so the general usage term condensation will be used.
Where can it happen? Water vapor is contained in air when it has sufficient energy to remain in the vaporous state. Remove some of that heat energy and a calculable quantity of the water vapor will no longer be supported, condensing into liquid water. The temperature at which any given quantity of air will start to shed some of its water vapor content is primarily determined by the concentration of water vapor in the air. A higher water vapor content will result in a higher temperature at which the water vapor will begin to condense. In everyday terms, higher relative humidity leads to a higher temperature

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.592747
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » When and Where Does Frost Form?
When and Where Does Frost Form?
Frost comes from the atmosphere when the temperature falls below freezing, and invisible water vapor in the air turns into white ice crystals, without first becoming a liquid. It usually occurs when the skies are clear, when there is no wind and when a mass of cold air descends on the land. This often happens during the night in the spring and autumn of areas with temperate climates.
In the morning the fields and roofs are white with what would be dew if the temperature had been above freezing point. It is the most common type of frost and is often called hoar frost. Sometimes only the leaves of plants are fringed with white rime. This is formed when very small droplets of the moisture from fog have frozen on coming into contact with a cold object.
There is also black frost. This occurs when water vapor turns first into liquid and then freezes into a thin layer of ice instead of white crystals. As it is invisible, it is particularly dangerous when it forms on roads. The beautiful patterns, looking like trees, ferns or feathers, which are sometimes seen on windows, are made when the water vapor in a cold room condenses.
If a solid surface is chilled below the dew point of the surrounding humid air and the surface itself is colder than freezing, ice will form on it. If the water deposits as a liquid that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.691692
Retrieved Text: A colorless liquid ((CH 5 ) 2 O), with a pleasant, characteristic odor. It is highly volatile and its vapor, which is strongly narcotic, forms an explosive mixture with air. It is soluble in water to 7%. soluble in strong sulfuric and hydrochloric acids, and miscible with many organic solvents. Ether is manufactured by passing alcohol vapor into a mixture of 92% alcohol and 67% sulfuric acid at 128 C. It may also be produced as a byproduct in the manufacture of alcohol and ethylene. It is used as a solvent.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.595139
Retrieved Text: From its inception, CREAM VAPOR set out to produce an authentically crafted product for vapers by vapers. Unable to find the flavors they desired, this group of friends went on a mission to create their own and share the results with the world. Through meticulous research, development and countless hours of testing, the clouds cleared and five palate-pleasing lines were born Cream E- Liquid, Longboard Vapor, Boardroom Vapor, 485Red and Mums Elixir.
Manufactured and bottled at Boosted LLC, Denver Co, each line uses only the highest quality extracts, USP VG and the purest nicotine. The result is a clean vape, delivering delicious and even-bodied flavor from the first drop to the last. We hold our vapor to a higher standard and produce products with the same quality and purity we demand for our own personal enjoyment.
At CREAM VAPOR, we have our heads in the clouds. And that's a good thing. It's a place where dreamers dare to innovate and craftsmen dare to create. It means handcrafting every detail in every bottle and doing more than just making e-liquid. Pure and simple, CREAM VAPOR is your source for a premium award-winning vape.
Pick up a bottle and join us on this exciting journey. #GetYourHeadInTheClouds with CREAM VAPOR today!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.520527
Retrieved Text: Hello everyone I would like to simulate the internally heat integrated distillation column in ASPEN PLUS. But before that I need to generate the composite curve (T-H) of the distillation column (the conventional one). I have seen this graph in many papers, I attach one of it. Could you please help me?
Ok I see. Generally in each stage, the vapor and the liquid enthalpy are calculated. But I cannot really understand how these two can be combined.
there are also several good books with detailed discussions.
Edited by serra, 18 April 2018 - 02:06 AM.
I used ASPEN PLUS for the simulation of the column, so what I was thinking is to use the vapor and the liquid enthalpies that are calculated in each stage. What I mean I will multiply the vapor enthalpy with the vapor molar flow rate in each stage the same for the liquid. And after that I will sum these two. What do you think about this approach?
Htotal=Hliq*molar rate of liquid+Hvapor*molar rate of vapor and I will have the duty of each stage.
Edited by serra, 19 April 2018 - 03:50 AM.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.19747
Retrieved Text: What Is a Volatile Substance in Chemistry?
In chemistry, the word "volatile" refers to a substance that vaporizes readily. Volatility is a measure of how readily a substance vaporizes or transitions from a liquid phase to a gas phase. The term can also be applied to the phase change from solid state to vapor, which is called sublimation. A volatile substance has a high vapor pressure at a given temperature compared with a nonvolatile compound.
Mercury is a volatile element. Liquid mercury had a high vapor pressure, readily releasing particles into the air.
Dry ice is a volatile inorganic compound that sublimates at room temperature from the solid phase into carbon dioxide vapor.
Osmium tetroxide (OsO4) is another volatile inorganic compound that, like dry ice, transitions from the solid phase to the vapor phase without becoming a liquid.
Many organic compounds are volatile. An example is alcohol. Because volatile substances readily vaporize, they mix with air and may be smelled (if they have an odor). Xylene and benzene are two volatile organic compounds with distinctive scents.
The higher the vapor pressure of a compound, the more volatile it is. Higher vapor pressure and volatility translate into a lower boiling point. Increasing temperature increases vapor pressure, which is the pressure at which the gas phase is in equilibrium with the liquid or solid phase.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.05541
Retrieved Text: 2. absolute stability - Air with a lapse rate less than the wet adiabatic rate.
3. adiabatic temperature change - Cooling or warming of air caused when air is allowed to expand or is compressed, not because heat is added or subtracted.
4. advection fog - A fog formed when warm, moist air is blown over a cool surface.
5. Bergeron process - A theory that relates the formation of precipitation to supercooled clouds, freezing nuclei, and the different saturation levels of ice and liquid water.
7. cirrus - One of three basic cloud forms: also one of the three high cloud types. They are thin, delicate ice-crystal clouds often appearing as veil-like patches or thin, wispy fibers.
8. cloud - A form of condensation best described as a dense concentration of suspended water droplets or tiny ice crystals.
9. cloud of vertical development - A cloud that has its base in the low-height range but extends upward into the middle or high altitude.
10. collision-coalescence process - A theory of raindrop formation in warm clouds (above 0o C) in which large cloud droplets (giants) collide and join together with smaller droplets to form a raindrop. Opposite electrical charges may bind the cloud droplets together.
11. condensation - The change of state from a gas to a liquid.
12. condensation nuclei - Tiny bits of particulate matter that serve as surfaces on which water vapor condenses.
13. conditional instability - Moist air with a lapse rate between the dry and wet adiabatic rates.
15. cumulus - One of three basic cloud forms; also the name given one

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.991674
Retrieved Text: The illustration, a qualitative pool boiling curve, shows the dependence of the wall heat flux q on the wall superheat ΔT (the difference between the wall temperature and the liquid's saturation temperature). The plotted curve is for a horizontal surface underlying a pool of liquid at its saturation temperature (the boiling point at a given pressure).
Several heat transfer regimes can be identified on the boiling curve: single-phase natural convection, partial nucleate boiling, fully developed nucleate boiling, transition boiling, and film boiling.
Forced flow, both external and internal, greatly changes the boiling curve in the illustration. The heat flux is increased by forced convection at temperatures below boiling inception, and after that the nucleate boiling region is extended upward until a flow-enhanced higher maximum flux (corresponding to point C) is achieved. Forced flow boiling in tubes is used in many applications, including steam generators, nuclear reactors, and cooling of electronic components.
the transition of a liquid into vapor, accompanied by the formation of bubbles of vapor, or vapor cavities, in the fluid. The bubbles result from the evaporation of the liquid within them and float to the surface, where the saturated vapor they contain passes into the vapor phase above the fluid. Boiling begins when the liquid is heated to the point at which the pressure of the saturated vapor above its surface becomes equal to the external pressure. The temperature at which a liquid starts to boil under a constant pressure is called the boiling point (Tb). Strictly speaking, Tb corresponds to the temperature of the saturated vapor

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.836794
Retrieved Text: Vapor pressure or equilibrium vapor pressure is defined as the pressure exerted by a vapor in thermodynamic equilibrium with its condensed phases (solid or liquid) at a given temperature in a closed system. The equilibrium vapor pressure is an indication of a liquid's evaporation rate. It relates to the tendency of particles to escape from the liquid (or a solid). A substance with a high vapor pressure at normal temperatures is often referred to as volatile. The pressure exhibited by vapor present above a liquid surface is known as vapor pressure. As the temperature of a liquid increases, the kinetic energy of its molecules also increases. As the kinetic energy of the molecules increase the number of molecules transitioning into a vapor also increases, thereby increasing the vapor pressure.
The vapor pressure of any substance increases non-linearly with temperature according to the Clausius–Clapeyron relation. The atmospheric pressure boiling point of a liquid (also known as the normal boiling point) is the temperature at which the vapor pressure equals the ambient atmospheric pressure. With any incremental increase in that temperature, the vapor pressure becomes sufficient to overcome atmospheric pressure and lift the liquid to form vapor bubbles inside the bulk of the substance. Bubble formation deeper in the liquid requires a higher pressure, and therefore higher temperature, because the fluid pressure increases above the atmospheric pressure as the depth increases.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.790047
Retrieved Text: Graph showing the variation of vapor pressure with temperature for several liquids. A liquid boils when its vapor pressure equals the pressure of the atmosphere.
When air is saturated with vapor the same number of molecules leave the liquid surface as return. Raising the temperature increases the number of molecules remaining in the air.
A simple method of measuring vapor pressure.
Vapor pressure is the pressure exerted by a vapor in equilibrium with its liquid or solid. In an enclosed space this occurs when equal numbers of molecules are entering and leaving the vapor, which is then saturated. For a pure substance, the saturated vapor pressure (SVP) depends on the temperature. The boiling point of a liquid is reached when the SVP equals the external pressure.
After a short sharp shower on a hot summer's day the thin film of water left lying on the road disappears quite rapidly. However, if the weather were not so warm, a much longer period would pass before the road surface dried out. This is but one example of the process known as evaporation in which the liquid (water) has turned into vapor.
All liquids evaporate to a greater or lesser extent. The rate of evaporation depends upon the temperature. At ordinary room temperature ether evaporates more rapidly than water, while only a very small quantity of mercury is turned into vapor. There are even a few solids which evaporate fairly easily. For instance, if some iodine crystals are heated to 113°C and kept at that temperature for some time the iodine vaporizes without there

########
Rank: 16
Score: 23.782492
Retrieved Text: Protection Capabilities. Battledress Overgarment (BDO) ** The BDO provides protection against chemical agent vapors, liquid droplets; biological agents; toxins; and radioactive alpha and beta particles. When the BDO is removed from its vapor-barrier bag and worn, its protective qualities last for a minimum of 30 days. It is recommended that the BDO be replaced after 30 days; however, the weartime may be extended by the commander when operationally necessary. BDOs worn longer than 30 days presents a slightly increased risk to the wearer; however, the key to BDO effectiveness at anytime during wear, is its serviceability. Weartime for the BDO begins when it is removed from its sealed vapor-barrier bag, and stops when the BDO is sealed back in its vapor-barrier bag. If the original vapor-barrier bag is not available, return the BDO to a similar material bag and seal with common duct tape, Donning of the BDO regardless of the time, equates to a day of wear. Extending the weartime for the BDO affords additional flexibility operational and logistical support planning. The BDO provides a minimum of 24 hours of protection against exposure to liquid or vapor chemical agent. Exchange the BDO within 24 hours of exposure to a liquid chemical agent. The BDO is not designed to be decontaminated or reimpregnated for reuse. The overgarment material consists of an outer layer of nylon cotton and an inner layer of charcoal impregnated polyurethane foam. Due to heavy impregnation of charcoal, some charcoal may be deposited on skin and clothing under the BDO; however, this will

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.644678
Retrieved Text: Chloe Lamb enjoys an electronic cigarette at the Vapor Shark store in Miami, Fla., Sept. 6, 2013.
E-cigarette manufacturers have seen a surge in popularity for the battery-powered devices that give users a vapor filled experience with nicotine and other additives, like flavoring.
The devices' growing popularity may not be confined to adults. A recent government study suggests e-cigarette use is on the rise among middle and high school students.
Chloe Lamb (L) and Jacob Knight shop for an E liquid flavor for her electronic cigarette at the Vapor Shark store in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Electronic cigarettes with different flavored E liquids are seen on display at the Vapor Shark in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
A customer holds the electronic cigarette he purchased at the Vapor Shark in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Jacob Knight helps a friend shop for a good flavor of E liquid for her electronic cigarette at the Vapor Shark store in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Angie Valencia, an E liquid technician at Vapor Shark, fills bottles with the flavored liquid for electronic cigarettes in a manufacturing facility in Miami, Fla., Sept. 6, 2013.
Flavored E liquid for electronic cigarettes is seen as it is poured into bottles at the manufacturing facility for Vapor Shark in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Tamara Gomez exhales vapor as she shops for an E liquid flavor for her electronic cigarette at the Vapor Shark store in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Julia Boyle, a sales associate, helps a customer with an electronic cigarette at the Vapor Shark store in Miami, Sept. 6, 2013.
Flavored E liquid for electronic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.581213
Retrieved Text: EjuiceConnect.com is a unique electronic cigarette and vapor product ecommerce site that is doing something groundbreaking. We are selling name brand e liquid, electronic cigarettes and vapor products at wholesale to the public pricing. With our deep throated connection to manufacturers, we are offering distribution pricing to the public as well as vape shops throughout the Continental United States.
Sharing is caring! Share eJuiceconnect good will!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.559568
Retrieved Text: A method is disclosed for controlling the delivery of vapor from a bubbler containing a supply of liquid through which a carrier gas is bubbled and from which bubbler vapor is delivered in a vapor stream entrained with the carrier gas. The method comprises the steps of sensing the ratio of vapor to carrier gas in the vapor stream and applying heat to the liquid within the bubbler at rates relative to the sensed ratios of vapor to carrier gas being delivered from the bubbler in a vapor stream to hold the ratio constant.
A vapor delivery control system is also disclosed which comprises a vaporizer, a heater thermally coupled with the vaporizer, and means for maintaining a supply of liquid in the vaporizer. The system further includes means for introducing a carrier gas into the vaporizer, means for conducting the carrier gas and vapors of the liquid entrained with the carrier gas from the vaporizer, means for sensing the ratio of vapor to carrier gas being conducted from the vaporizer, and means for controlling the heater responsive to the ratio of vapor to carrier gas sensed by the sensing means to hold the ratio constant.
This is a continuation Ser. No. 967,806 filed Dec. 8, 1978, now abandoned.
This invention relates to methods and systems for controlling the delivery of vapors.
With the advent of optical waveguides for use in the communications industry much emphasis has recently been placed on vapor deposition as a materials forming technique. In constructing preforms from which optical fibers may be drawn, vapors of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.463022
Retrieved Text: Wet rot fungi usually occur in persistently damp conditions needing an optimum moisture content of 50-60 per cent, while dry-rot optimum growth occurs at just 30-40 per cent. Removing these conditions will stop the rot from growing.... 11/11/2010�� I had 2 areas of dry rot and applied 3 or 4 treatments of Glycol (anti freeze from Repco) after removing all of the loose wood fibers. Not only did the rot disappear virtually within week. It also restored the timber. I have intentionally not sealed the timber so that I could monitor the result. That was 3 years ago still not sealed the timber and the effected area is still good as gold.
My I/O Boat Transom Repair Drill a small hole in a suspect area and see if the wood comes out dry and wood-colored, wet, or like sawdust. If it's the latter two, you have rot. Knock on the transom, sometimes this works to identify "hollow" sounding areas, indicating that it may be rotten in that area. I'm not covering all the methods of detection, just what I did. This image shows the... Wood gets wet, when it absorbs liquid water or water vapor. Wood gets dry, when it emits water vapor. A good boat paint should prevent both liquid and vapor water from getting into wood, but should allow water vapor to exit freely.
16/09/2012�� On our 43' Gulfstar we had some rot in a bulkhead that appeared to be from a leaking chain plate many years ago. The Chain plate had been fixed but the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.342033
Retrieved Text: Thoughts That Go Bump in the Night: The Power of Perception. Part One.
The Power of Perception. Part One.
That adage contains a wealth of knowledge. As a parable, it informs a simple fact that can be further explored, the extent of which is limited only by the explorer. The usual interpretation of the adage is to avoid taking for granted something important or essential. To take for granted would mean to neglect or not cultivate.
Just behind that awareness is a profound observation: Everything has an opposite. Often referenced as polarity, there are “two sides to every coin” and so on. Thus we learn that it is natural for opposites to exist. Up, down; back, forward; high, low; good, bad; wet, dry; pretty, ugly; gentle, rough...you get the idea.
It is how such insight is used that’s important. Everything exists as a scale with opposites separated by infinite degrees. Temperature is a good example. Where, on a thermometer, does “hot” end and “cold” begin? That’s not how it works. For temperature, it’s a matter of atomic activity. The greater the movement (frequency) the greater heat is produced. The slower the movement (frequency) the less heat is produced. In our daily experience we’re fully aware of temperature and its scale.
Love and hate are the same emotion. Where, on the scale, does hate end and love begin? It’s a matter of degree and the higher the degree (frequency) the better the feeling (love.) And the opposite for what is called hate.
Wealth and poverty. Poverty is the absence of what constitutes wealth.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.321259
Retrieved Text: Regarding multi-component mixtures (where the binary system is the simplest case), some interesting phenomenon profoundly differentiate their behavior from the behavior of single-component systems. We are now talking about retrograde phenomena.
In the previous section, we learned how the “critical point” for a single-component system meant everything: the highest pressure and temperature at which two phases can exist and the point for which liquid and vapor phases are indistinguishable. Then we learned that this is not the case for multicomponent systems. Although the critical point for these systems is the common point between the dew and bubble point curves (the point for which liquid and vapor phases are indistinguishable), in general, this point neither represents the maximum pressure nor the maximum temperature for vapor-liquid coexistence. In fact, we gave new names to these maxima: cricondenbar (for the maximum pressure) and cricondentherm (for the maximum temperature). Let’s look at this again in Figure 4.5, where the critical point (Pc, Tc), cricondentherm (Tcc), and cricondenbar (Pcc) are highlighted.
Please recall that the bubble point curve represents the line of saturated liquid (100 % liquid with an infinitesimal amount of vapor) and the dew point curve represents the line of saturated vapor (100 % vapor with an infinitesimal amount of liquid). These conditions are all shown in Figure 4.5.
Let us now consider the isothermal processes taking place at T = T1 and T = T2, represented in Figure 4.6.
Figure 4.6 shows us two cases of isothermal compression for two different temperatures T1 and T2. Notice that these temperatures are such that

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.296206
Retrieved Text: The vapor-liquid equilibrium (VLE) behavior of an -hexane/ -octane mixture is demonstrated in and diagrams. The blue line represents the liquid-phase boundary (bubble point) and the green line represents the vapor-phase boundary (dew point). Click and drag the black dot on either diagram and the bar chart shows the amounts of liquid (blue) and vapor (green) present; the system contains a total of 1 mol. The mole fractions of -hexane in each phase ( for liquid phase, for vapor phase) are also shown in the bar graph. Use sliders to vary the temperature for the diagram or the pressure for the diagram. This system is modeled by Raoult's law because an -hexane/ -octane liquid phase is assumed ideal.
where for -hexane and for -octane, is saturation pressure (bar), , , and are Antoine constants, and is temperature (°C).
where is the vapor mole fraction and , is the liquid mole fraction and , and is the total pressure (bar).
A screencast video at  shows how to use this Demonstration.
 J. R. Elliott and C. T. Lira, Introductory Chemical Engineering Thermodynamics, New York: Prentice Hall, 2012 pp. 372–377.
 P-x-y and T-x-y Diagrams for Vapor-Liquid Equilibrium (VLE). www.colorado.edu/learncheme/thermodynamics/PxyTxyDiagramsVLE.html.
Rachael L. Baumann "P-x-y and T-x-y Diagrams for Vapor-Liquid Equilibrium (VLE)"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.237932
Retrieved Text: The Application Center exists to help you achieve better results and make better purchasing decisions by providing you with a plethora of information on homogenizers and homogenization. Here, you'll find detailed information on homogenization technologies, applications, and specific protocols for certain types of samples and homogenizers.
If you can't find the information you're looking for, or you still have unanswered questions, don't hesitate to give us a call!
Browse all protocols in the protocol directory, or use the search bar below to search for a protocol for your specific application.
Rotor-stator homogenizers use rotary mechanical force to homogenize samples. A very rapidly spinning rotor is tightly fitted within a stationary outer case (the stator). This motion causes a vigorous mixing which draws liquid or particles into the space between the rotor and stator, where ultra-high shear forces homogenize the material. More info.
Ultrasonic homogenizers generate intense sonic shock waves in liquid media. A rapidly moving tip causes the inertial cavitation: the rapid formation and collapse of vapor cavities. This releases a large amount of energy, which breaks apart particles and produces a thorough mixing, homogenizing the sample. More info.
In a bead mill homogenizer, the sample is placed in a tube with beads and the tubes are vigorously shaken. The movement of the beads and the collisions caused by the rapidly moving beads homogenize the sample. More info.
This method involves forcing a mixture under extremely high-pressure through a narrow channel or opening. When passing through the channel, the particles experience a very high pressure drop, causing high amounts of shear and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.201885
Retrieved Text: John S, Berger JS. John S, Berger J.S. John, Sonia, and Jeffrey S. Berger.Vaporizers. In: Freeman BS, Berger JS. Freeman B.S., Berger J.S. Eds. Brian S. Freeman, and Jeffrey S. Berger.eds. Anesthesiology Core Review: Part One Basic Exam New York, NY: McGraw-Hill; 2014. http://accessanesthesiology.mhmedical.com/content.aspx?bookid=974&sectionid=61586721. Accessed April 19, 2019.
John S, Berger JS. John S, Berger J.S. John, Sonia, and Jeffrey S. Berger.. "Vaporizers." Anesthesiology Core Review: Part One Basic Exam Freeman BS, Berger JS. Freeman B.S., Berger J.S. Eds. Brian S. Freeman, and Jeffrey S. Berger. New York, NY: McGraw-Hill, 2014, http://accessanesthesiology.mhmedical.com/content.aspx?bookid=974&sectionid=61586721.
Vaporizers are closed containers where the conversion of a volatile anesthetic from liquid to vapor takes place. Modern vaporizers are specific to the particular anesthetic agent and account for temperature and flow to deliver a consistent concentration of agent. The operator controls precise delivery of volatile agent concentration with a calibrated dial.
At operating room temperatures, volatile anesthetics exist in both liquid phase and gas phase in vaporizers. The latent heat of vaporization is the number of calories required at a specific temperature to convert 1 g of a liquid into a vapor. As the temperature of the liquid decreases, the heat of vaporization necessary for molecules to leave the liquid phase increases. When equilibrium between the liquid phase and vapor phase is reached, vaporization ceases as an equal number of molecules enter and leave the liquid phase.
Specific heat is the calories required for 1 g of a substance to increase by 1°C. Knowledge of the specific heat of an anesthetic agent allows for vaporizers to be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.197165
Retrieved Text: Synthetic marijuana has been a troubling drug in the marketplace for years, but now there is a liquid form that could pose an even greater danger than the previous “herbal” blends. Synthetic marijuana liquid is a particularly troubling form of pot because it is impossible to know exactly what is in it and people can conceal it by vaping. E-cigarettes do not give off smoke or odor, which means users can get away with vaping liquid synthetic marijuana out in the open.
Synthetic pot first came on the scene several years ago and was sold legally as potpourri or incense with catchy names like K2 and Spice. The makers of these products created synthetic compounds similar to natural cannabinoids, the psychoactive compounds found in marijuana. Lawmakers have struggled to keep up with outlawing the products, as once a single compound is made illegal the drug makers simply design a new one.
The original synthetic marijuana products looked like marijuana. The makers of these products use a random blend of dried plant material and then spray it with synthetic compounds. Users smoke it like they would natural marijuana. Liquid solutions of the synthetic compounds are now being sold, officially as herbal incense, but really as a way to get high using e-cigarettes. Vaping with e-cigarettes involves heating a cartridge of liquid and inhaling the resulting vapor. The user exhales mostly water vapor and there is no odor or smoke. E-cigarettes are supposed to contain liquid vials with dissolved nicotine, but they can be easily replaced with liquid synthetic marijuana.
There

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.192074
Retrieved Text: When people chat about a vapor pen, a vaporizer pen or vape pens, as we mostly know them, they are actually referring to a vast range of different products. So, what exactly are they?
Vape pens are actually pen-like products but work and function just as an electronic cigarette. They contain a heating element, which, being powered by their battery, vaporizes their ingredients. They can heat up to around 400 °F, and this allows their components to fully heat up and produce the pure vapor which protects us from harmful toxins resulting from incomplete combustion in smoke. Vape pens also act as your personal inhaler which can be used on the go.
This article focuses on the finest of these products currently available in the market along with their different types and categories. We have different vape pens to be used with dry herb, e-liquid and oils and waxes. We will be highlighting the features of each one of them giving you all the information you need to shop at Westcoast Vape Supply.
This is one of the most common forms of vape pen or vapor pen and is largely associated with electronic cigarettes, sometimes also spoken of as an Ego e-cig. These vape pens make use of the e-liquid or the e-juice. E-liquid comes in all forms of different flavors and consists of many subsequent constituents: Vegetable glycerin, Propylene Glycol, Nicotine and many other flavors.
You can select what level of nicotine you wish to use and conjointly with which flavor and you’ll get some nice tasting e-liquid flavors.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.143179
Retrieved Text: 2016-08-09 Assigned to UPTAKE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY INC. reassignment UPTAKE MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY INC. ASSIGNMENT OF ASSIGNORS INTEREST (SEE DOCUMENT FOR DETAILS). Assignors: UPTAKE MEDICAL CORP.
Methods are describe for treating intraluminal locations such as in a patient's lung. The device is a catheter which has an elongated shaft with an inner lumen, preferably defined by an inner tubular member, formed of heat resistant polymeric materials such as polyimide and high temperature vapor is directed through the inner lumen into the intraluminal location to treat tissue at and/or distal to the location. The outer surface of the catheter is also formed of heat resistant material. An enlarged or enlargeable member, such as a balloon, is provided on a distal portion of the catheter shaft to prevent proximal flow of the high temperature vapor upon discharge from the catheter.
This application is related to application Ser. No. ______ concurrently filed Nov. 13, 2006, entitled High Pressure and High Temperature Vapor Catheters and Systems, which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety.
This invention relates to medical devices, systems and methods, and in particular to intrabronchial catheters, systems and methods for delivering a high pressure, high temperature vapor to one or more tissue targets in a patient's lungs.
Heating therapies are increasingly used in various medical disciplines including cardiology, dermatology, orthopedics, oncology as well as a number of other medical specialties. In general, the manifold clinical effects of superphysiological tissue temperatures results from underlying molecular and cellular responses, including expression of heat-shock proteins, cell death, protein denaturation, tissue coagulation and ablation. Associated with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.108232
Retrieved Text: 2 What is a dew point?
The core functionality of the Ersa library is all about calculating the dew point from temperature and humidity data. The dew point is used to assess environmental risks, like mold and corrosion, as well as to predict material preservation (e.g. in archives and art collections). The Ersa solution collects data from LoRa connected sensors and processes this data to provide insight into environmental conditions.
What is a dew point?
A real gas closely resembles an ideal gas above a certain temperature: its critical temperature. If we compress a gas below its critical temperature it will start to condense at a certain point. Beyond that point the pressure will not change until the gas is fully condensed into liquid. Within this range the liquid and the gas phase are at equilibrium. We speak of a saturated vapor and a corresponding saturation pressure, which is constant at constant temperature.
So the saturation pressure is volume independent and increases with temperature. When the saturation pressure of a liquid equals the surrounding air pressure, the liquid has reached its boiling point.
The air that surrounds it contains water vapor. The number of grams of water per cubic meter of air is the absolute air humidity (AH). The water contributes to the air pressure with its vapor pressure (pV). When the vapor pressure reaches the saturation pressure (pS) the air has reached its maximum absolute humidity. The maximum absolute humidity also increases with temperature.
As the saturation pressure decreases with temperature, the relative humidity increases when the air cools down. At

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Beads of water are formed when?" and the following answer choices: 
- heat is produced
 - Temperature changing
 - forest is destroyed
 - refract or absorb.
 - body temperature reduces
 - precipitation
 - Movement of an air mass
 - during the chilling season

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and condensation of water vapor occurs during the chilling season, choose the best answer.

Target Text: during the chilling season

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.173508
Retrieved Text: This stunning bangle is make with fine metals round wire featuring trio white color fresh water pearls and oval silver CZ pave rings. Bangle is hand- formed, hammered and polished for a stunning texture and shine. It looks great worn alone or paired with other shell bangles!
White fresh water pearls are 10-12 mm in sizes.
********As you can see in the photos there are naturally occurring blemishes that give these pearls character and show that it is real. These are stock photos so please note pearls are vary in shape and color.
The bangles can be washed with mild soap and water.
For optimum shine use polish cloth or polish that's made for silver.
This exquisite bangle is make with thick 12ga rose gold filled round wire and CZ Micro pave beads. Bangle is hand- formed, hammered and polished for a stunning texture and shine. It looks great worn alone or paired with other bangles.
Pave beads are about 8-14mm.
This exquisite bangle is make with round 14k gold filled round wire and CZ Micro pave beads. Bangle is hand- formed, hammered and polished for a stunning texture and shine. It looks great worn alone or paired with other bangles.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.827883
Retrieved Text: All Water Systems offers a variety of mixed bed deionizers to effectively remove the ions from water that can contaminate your water system or manufacturing processes. A mixed bed system uses 2 regenerative ion exchange resins which are formed in the shape of beads. These cation and anion resin beads are mixed together to remove more impurities with hydrogen and hydroxyl ions resulting in the production of high purity water.
Mixed bed deionizer systems allow water to make repeated contact with the cation and anion beads. Because of the surface area, the water comes in contact with both types of beads creating more ion exchanges and resulting in more completely purified water.
We offer a range of mixed bed deionizers for a wide range of applications and will meet with you to discuss and determine the best solution to meet your requirements. Our mixed bed water deionizer systems feature durable construction and provide optimal performance and repeatability in both service and regeneration modes.
For More Information on mixed bed deionizer systems, call (412) 824-6560, or click here to contact us.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.780788
Retrieved Text: The moon is the natural satellite of the earth. The Apollo missions began in 1960s and since then the moon has been a source of resources that would be helpful for the mankind. Another remarkable revelation that has recently been propounded by the scientist at the Brown University is that there may be water deep inside the moon. The scientists have come to this conclusion after studying the satellite image where the water was discovered trapped in glass beads, in early ash and rocks that volcanoes emitted over the surface of the moon.
Almost the entire volcanic deposits propose the existence of water which indicates that majority interior of the moon is watery. This may be a blessing in disguise for future missions as water can be drawn out from the volcanic deposits. The volcanic glass beads do not contain a lot of water but the volcanic material gives out a lot of scope to work with. Some of the volcanic refuse is overspread thousands of kilometers and also run several kilometers deep.
The Moon will be a good training ground for sending people to Mars as well as a canvas for training or testing equipment. However, scientists always think if this exercise of extraction of water be worth the cost? Another point that the scientists contemplate is the origin of the moon. They think that moon was formed out of the debris that was left behind when the planet sized asteroid banged into planet Earth.
The finding and existence of water suggest that maybe the water was formed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.640482
Retrieved Text: Paris: The Moon, long thought to be a dry, inhospitable orb, hosts surprisingly large sub-surface water reserves, which one day may quench the thirst of lunar explorers from Earth, scientists said Monday.
“We found the signature of the lunar interior water globally using satellite data,” Shuai Li, co-author of a study by scientists at Brown University in the United States, told AFP.
“Such water can be used as in situ resources for future exploration,” said Li, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Hawaii and Brown Ph.D graduate.
Li noted scientists had believed the Moon to be “bone dry” until about a decade ago, when scientists found evidence of water — an essential ingredient for life — in pebble-like beads brought back by Apollo missions.
The Brown findings show numerous volcanic deposits distributed across the surface of the Moon contain “unusually high amounts of trapped water” compared with surrounding terrain.
They say discovery of water in the ancient deposits, which are believed to consist of glass beads formed by the explosive eruption of magma from beneath the Moon’s surface, boosts the idea that the lunar mantle is surprisingly water-rich.
“The key question is whether those Apollo samples represent the bulk conditions of the lunar interior or instead represent unusual or perhaps anomalous water-rich regions within an otherwise ‘dry’ mantle,” said Ralph Milliken, lead author of the new research, published in the Nature Geoscience journal on Monday.
“The distribution of these water-rich deposits is the key thing,” Milliken said. “They’re spread across the surface, which tells us that the water found in the Apollo

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.893969
Retrieved Text: God called the dry land ‘the earth' and the basin of the water he called ‘the sea'. God saw how good it was."
Then God saw how 'good' it was. This rosary is inspired by the simplicity with which the Lord is able to call into being the surface of His creation into dry land and sea, then speak the seeds and plants into being. Just like that! And we take it all for granted!
"Then God said, ‘Let the water under the sky be gathered into a single basin, so that the dry land may appear.' And so it happened: the water under the sky was gathered into its basin, and the dry land appeared. God called the dry land ‘the earth' and the basin of the water he called ‘the sea'. God saw how good it was."
This rosary is formed by the work of our hands, with the help of the Lord, and with beads that are freshly made! Fine Jasper Pater beads are warm to the touch and have a history of capturing the past. A pleasure to pray! Aves are beautiful to behold, see both sizes below. The crucifix and center are exceptional - cast from antiques in solid bronze or sterling silver. A very wonderful rosary in soft earthy tones, yet very powerful. (pictures do not do them justice) For men or women.
AVE BEADS: Quite incredible to realize these 8 mm Ave beads are carved Jasper tulips. No two alike. These have the little faceted beads on the top of each tulip to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.580877
Retrieved Text: I really, really, really wanted very small felt beads for a couple of my felted projects and I finally had the time to practice my wet felting skills. About 30 or 40 attempts later and I’ve got a working method. As a result, today’s tutorial is wet felted beads!
The washing machine works great for larger wet felted balls but tiny beads under 1/2 in. don’t really work well using that method. Needle felting doesn’t work well either, unless you want bandaids all over your fingers! So, wet soapy, possibly dishpan hands are necessary to complete this task!
Let’s Go . . .
First things first, roll up some tufts of wool into loose balls. Tie a knot in the wooly tuft, grab it by the knot, fold in half, and roll it up. Then get another tuft, set the knotted rolled tuft on it, and roll that up. When adding a new tuft turn the loose ball so that you are working it in multiple directions. Keep adding tufts of wool until the loose ball is about twice the size of the wanted dimensions. It takes some trials to figure out the right amount of wool to begin with!
Lightly needle felting the loose ball can help with the wet felting process; but it is completely optional. I tried it both ways. Needle felting it first avoids creating unwanted seams; but if you go slow and steady they shouldn’t happen anyways!
The small light green ball was needle felted first and the teal ball was not.
Once the loose balls are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.380922
Retrieved Text: Fall Hill Bead and Gem is a full service bead and gem shop with an extensive collection of handmade jewelry.
Fall Hill Bead and Gem specializes in Herkimer and Little Falls Diamond jewelry and hand drilled Herkimer Diamond beads. Herkimer Diamonds and Little Falls Diamonds are quartz diamonds formed about 500 million years ago in the dolomitic limestone that lines the Mohawk Valley.
Herkimer Diamonds were first discovered in Little Falls NY.
They are unique in that they come out of the earth as a double terminated crystal with 18 naturally formed faces. This gives them the appearance of being cut or “faceted”. They are also known to be the world’s clearest quartz. True Herkimer Diamonds are only found in Herkimer County, NY.
Stop by to take a look at the variety of beads and crystal specimens from around the world. Classes and parties available!
Fall Hill Bead and Gem has curated a unique collection of beads and findings.
Our collection includes Czech glass and crystal, semiprecious and precious stone beads, bone and wood beads, Tibetan/Nepalese beads, and specialty items like the fair trade Kazuri beads.
Another local favorite, at Fall Hill Bead and Gem, you'll find beautiful jewelry, gems, stones, beads, and so much more. The owners and staff are so helpful and friendly, and one of the first places we visited when creating our Mohawk Valley Today website, and we keep going back! It's one of those shops that you'll need to visit again and again to see what's new in stock. Located right next to That Little Place on Main,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.301548
Retrieved Text: These are really enchanting and delicate beads hailing from the Dogan Tribe in Mali. Called "Dutch Donuts" because of their donut-like shape, and because they formed in a style of Dutch beads that were traded into Africa. They are made of glass that was wrapped around a mandrel and formed into this round shape.
These beads are wound glass, so on some beads you can feel where the thread of glass started or ended. Some of them do have slight pits or markings on their surface, but nothing that detracts from the beauty of the beads. The hole takes up most of the bead, so they are great for using on cords, or as slider beads.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.96593
Retrieved Text: Have a multi color rave outfit? Confused on what kind of mask you want to match it with? How about a ravishing mask popping with different colored rave beads? Kandi Gear introduces Glow Rainbow Rage Surgical Kandi Mask made of vibrant colored rave beads that will add shine to your appearance in your rave outfits. Just imagine flashing a party with multi-color rave attire and throwing a dance with a ravishing Kandi mask made of Rainbow colors! Rainbows are generally witnessed in the daytime and they have always been an apple eye. Have you ever witnessed rainbow in the dark? Kandi Gear adds an arc of concentric multi-colors to your attire in the night. Attract the crowd in a party with a glow of Rainbow in the dark. Rainbows are formed due to the reflection and refraction of light in water droplets in the sky, which results in the formation of a spectrum of light. A rainbow is not formed at a specified distance from us, instead it is always be visible to a person at the angle I which the freshwater droplets reflect the light and it is 45 degrees opposite to the sun. The rainbow in which the color red can be seen on the outer edge through to violet on the inner edge is seen is called the Primary rainbow which is most often witnessed by us. A "double rainbow" is where a second, much fainter arc can be seen outside of the primary arc. It occurs when the light is refracted twice.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.855366
Retrieved Text: Water beads are irresistible! For this invitation to play we provided lots of ways to explore the water beads that involved using fine motor skills.
Both our toddler and preschooler wanted to explore the water beads as a sensory experience first! The beads are slippery, squishy, solid, and wet. Investigating the bin full of water beads with all of their senses warmed up their fine motor muscles.
What are water beads? Read about them here!
I presented a wooden scissors holder that we found this week at the Lancaster Reuse Center. Not only is this stand perfect for organizing a classroom. it can also be repurposed for hands on activities like this one. The holder worked perfectly with the water beads because some of the orbs were large enough to sit on top, smaller ones slipped through (and bounced away!), and others needed a poke to squish through the holes!
We played a fine motor transfer game when I asked our toddler to fill up a bottle with the water beads. He was excited when he got them in and he also had so much fun chasing the ones he dropped as they bounced all over the deck!
We could have continued with this activity beyond the hour that we played. In fact our toddler D threw a fit when it was time to stop this activity to come inside for lunch so I'd say this Fine Motor Fridays idea was a huge hit!
We love water beads too!
They are addicting! What is your favorite thing to do with them?
You'll have to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.677467
Retrieved Text: Shop Charming Beads,Tektite Nugget at Namaste Bookshop.
Most scientists believe that tektites were formed when the extreme pressure and temperature of meteors striking the earth millions of years ago created this natural glass. These beads are mostly in the 10 to 15mm range. Temporarily strung.
Click the button below to add the 1 Tektite Nugget to your wish list.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.632435
Retrieved Text: This Dinosaur Discovery sensory water beads set is perfect for early childhood education and development and sensory play.
Includes approximately 10,000 safari style beads, colors are red, orange, golden brown, yellow and green.
Dinosaurs toys comes with 15 unique animals including: T-Rex, Stegosaurus, pterodactyl, raptor, water styles and much more!
Water beads are non-toxic & colorfast. Check out our other kits including: Ocean Explorers, Rain forest Excursion and African Safari.
Marble-sized when fully hydrated – shrinks to original size when dry! Add desired amount of beads to water.
INSTRUCTIONS: Add 1 Tbsp dry beads to 1.8 litres of water, this yields about 8 cups once fully hydrated. They may take up to 8 hours to reach full size. One bag of beads will make enough to repeat this process about 8 times. Store indoors in room temperature. Avoid storing in extreme temperatures of hot or cold, as this may reduce the integrity of the beads. Adult supervision required. These gel polymer beads are interchangeable with Orbeez or Foot Spa. Do not ingest. Non-toxic, COLORFAST, and safe for kids. Enjoy!
The Chewnoodle is a practical and convenient oral tool that aids in chewing self-regulation and jaw muscle strengthening.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.619713
Retrieved Text: Scientists suspect that water-bringing meteorites likely originated from the edge of the solar system's asteroid belt.
May 10, 2013, 9:21 a.m.
Water deep inside Earth and the moon may originate from the same source: ancient meteorites, scientists say.
The findings hint that water may have existed on Earth before the giant impact the planet received that created the moon, and that the moon possessed water from its earliest moments, scientists added. It remains a mystery exactly how water found within the moon survived this violent collision, though.
Water is vital to life as we know it, with organisms found virtually everywhere there is water on Earth. When Earth was born, the ingredients of the planet's water most likely would have formed beyond the orbit of Earth. As such, all the water on the planet must have come from either comets or meteorites hurtling inward from the outer solar system.
To discover the origins of this water, scientists analyzed crystals and glass beads from the moon rocks brought to Earth by the Apollo 15 and 17 missions. These crystals and beads possessed tiny pieces of glass that serve as records of the moon's geological history.
The researchers focused on isotopes of the hydrogen found in this lunar magma. All isotopes of an element have the same number of protons, but each has a different number of neutrons. For instance, regular hydrogen has no neutrons, while the hydrogen isotope known as deuterium has one neutron. In general, objects formed closer to the sun have less deuterium than bodies that formed farther out.
The ratio of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.569292
Retrieved Text: Choose from our selection of 13 colours when purchasing.
There are 10 grams in each bag of these water crystal soil beads, so you receive a total of 50 grams of crystal soil balls.
Look at the images to see the bag of crystal soil before expansion.
Simply place the aqua Crystal Soil beads in a container. Fill the container with water (around 1.5 litres). Allow 6 to 12 hours for the beads to soak the water up (keep submersed during this time). Then drain off the water. Your crystal soil will now be ready to place into a vase. After some time, the Crystal Soil will begin to shrink as it "dehydrates" (particularly if the weather is hot). You can simply add more water to refill the beads.
Each Crystal Soil bead expands to around 1 cm across. Each 10 gram pack makes around 5 cups of beads when fully expanded.
Therefore, with this lot of 5 bags, you will make a huge 25 cups of beads when fully expanded.
The Crystal Soil beads when expanded are perfect for wedding centrepieces or to give a decorative touch to flower vases.
For such an inexpensive price, they give such a exquisite decorative touch.
Choose from our large variety of colours of Crystal Soil to suit your decor and decorating colour theme.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.42917
Retrieved Text: Calm your farm with our blue water beads!
Our blue water beads are colourfast, non-toxic and made from a superabsorbent polymer which expands to 100 times its original size when absorbed in water. 100g of blue water beads will go a long way and are reusable too.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.385286
Retrieved Text: Irregular surface showing the typical voids and irregularities. Sold as temporary strung 38cm strands.
Natural Lava stone beads are a type of igneous rock formed during volcanic eruptions. Because of their many holes and bubbles, lava stone beads add great texture to jewelry designs. Naturally formed voids and irregular surfaces are characteristic of the stone making each bead unique.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.208715
Retrieved Text: Bean Bags R Us NewsBean Bag FillingHow is Beanbag Filling Made?
How is Beanbag Filling Made?
Beanbag chairs offer people a uniquely comfortable place to relax due to the unique material that manufacturers use to fill them.
Most beanbag producers fill the furniture item with a product called Expanded Polystyrene, or EPS, resin. Often, people mistake the bean bag filling for Styrofoam beads due to the texture similarities and colouring.
EPS beads are cost-effective, and the product features a unique composition. Specifically, EPS bead manufacturers develop them with a small amount of the naturally occurring gas pentane, infusing it through each bead’s frame.
Manufacturing companies use state-of-the-art technology and sophisticated equipment to expand the beads. To form the puffed beads, developers apply steam and use an agitator. Also, the system completes the process inside an enclosed container.
The pentane gas in each tiny bead expands from the heat application. The heat causes each bead to expand by 30 to 35 times their original size, which measures from 0.5mm to 1.33mm in diameter. If a manufacturer makes a mistake and overheats the beads, then they become little hard pellets that are unusable.
Developers use a computer operated weighing system during the bead development process. The system measures the proper amount of beads into the container to ensure equal heat distribution. Also, the computer measuring system features a level indicator. The system needs the indicator to determine when the required amount of bead volume has been achieved.
Once the bead expansion process is complete, the composition of the beads changes as the finished products is predominantly

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.198742
Retrieved Text: My kids love to play outside but get so hot so quick they are spending more and more time inside. It has been over 100 degrees for weeks now and just way too hot to play outside, unless your in the pool or a sprinkler. Here is a fun project to do with your kids this summer to help keep them cooled down in this super hot weather.
Cut your string/yarn/ribbon long enough to easily fit over your child’s head.
Tie a knot in one end to stop the beads from coming off when you begin to string them.
Allow your child to string whatever beads they would like. If they are having trouble getting the beads on the end, wrap the end with tape make it a little easier to slide them on. Make sure there is room between each bead so you’ll be able to easily put them into the ice cube tray.
Fill the ice cube tray with water and place a bead or two in each opening. Personally, I found a tray that made ice cubes in the shape of flowers. This gave the appearance of a lei.
Carefully place the tray in the freezer until ice cubes are fully formed. This takes a couple of hours. I know the kids will be asking over and over if it’s done. I try to do these in the morning and let them freeze until it’s REALLY hot in the afternoon.
Take it out of the freezer, pop out the ice cubes and wear outside to play.
My son had so

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.10521
Retrieved Text: We LOVE water beads! These little hands couldn’t wait to start playing with them! I love the orange/red/yellow color for summer! I found these water beads in a three pack at Walmart for $3.
I thought it would be good practice to carefully put water beads on top of golf tees. You really have to focus on not knocking the other beads down and try not to drop the squishy water bead! To make this, I took a piece of styrofoam and had my oldest (3.5 years old) stick the golf tees in the styrofoam. At first he stuck them anywhere he wanted. On the backside, I made dots with a Sharpie in the formation of the letter S, since we’re studying this letter.
Then I had him poke the golf tees in and we added water beads! My youngest (20 months) was able to help us put water beads on top. It was definitely a challenge not to knock the other beads over!! It reminded me of dominoes…when we knocked one over, they all fell over.
It’s also a great activity for focus and concentration!
I love this activity and we’ll definitely be doing this again! One more thing about water beads is that they last for a very long time! They start out as little seeds and you add a lot of water to them. Once they’ve been out for a while, they will start to shrink up. All you have to do to get them back to size is add water to them. If you want to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.086267
Retrieved Text: ’Lost Time’ is a poetic articulation of Perrier-Jouët’s DNA in trademark Studio Glithero fashion. Commissioned by the French Champagne house for Design Miami, the installation is formed by strands of metal beads, elegantly suspended in interweaving ellipses over a shallow pool of water. It cleverly transports the sense of wandering within the cellars of Maison Belle Epoque, Perrier-Jouët’s Art Nouveau haven in Epernay, France, right to the centre of Miami Beach.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.038788
Retrieved Text: Foamed Vermitex® is produced from expanded lightweight mineral aggregate; water based aerated foam or polymer beads, inorganic hydraulic binders and special additives to impart unique rheological properties.
A series of fire resistance tests on various timber floor construction systems, treated with Foamed Vermitex® confirmed that the upgrading system provided such protection across the criteria of stability, integrity and insulation for one (1) hour FRL.
Foamed Vermitex® has inherent sound transmission loss properties whereby when upgrading a typical timber floor with 12" joists and 3/4 tongue and groove floorboards, the formed Foamed Vermitex® will also provide an STC / RW of 45.
Foamed Vermitex® is manufactured under factory controlled conditions to ISO 9001-2008; ISO 14001 and OSHAS 18001 Quality Standards. It is delivered to site in ‘batch’ form, ready to be mixed to the required consistency before application.
Foamed Vermitex® is totally safe and does not contain asbestos or other forms of fibrous materials.
Foamed Vermitex® has no long-term environmental effects on air, water or land. Both the product and the container are recyclable, or may be disposed of as landfill.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.028214
Retrieved Text: If you’re a mom, the answer is yes. When I was with my girl all day every day I usually carried a diaper bag, but as she got older I got a bag that was big enough to stick in a diaper or two, wipes, a snack or four, a drink and all my stuff, too.
Now that I’m not around her all the time, there’s not usually a diaper and wipes in my bag, but there are usually snacks, and lots of random stuff, some kid-related, some not.
My bag is stuffed full of stuff!
What Does This Have to Do with Water Beads?
You can sort of see the beads, but when they're well covered they do disappear.
You can sort of see what it is, mostly because the water is dirty from hanging out in my purse for days, but what it is is a cup of water with clear water beads inside. It turns out that if you cover clear water beads with water, you can’t see them. It’s pretty cool to watch them “disappear” and then see kids poke around in the cup feeling something they can’t see.
This fun fact (and the cup) come courtesy of a friend’s Mad Science birthday party we went to over the weekend. They called the water beads “jelly balls” and gave each kid a cup to take home. Fun was had by all. Except maybe the birthday girl, who was a little freaked by all the weird stuff happening (and all the people) in her house.
Anyway, I had never thought

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.996979
Retrieved Text: In 1899, Tesla conducted an experiment at his laboratory in Colorado Springs that was reported to have produced 100 foot long lightning bolts before it blew a dynamo at the El Paso Electric Company. Not shabby.
What does that have to do with beads or me? Well may you ask. When I made the polymer clay beads, you see below, some of them reminded me of lightning and electric waves. And I took the pictures with an iPad which is a wonderful example of wireless technology. Tesla is known in some quarters as the “Master of Lightning” so I call these “Tesla Beads” despite the fact that my Italian American father was fond of reminding me that Guglielmo Marconi invented the radio-another example of wireless technology.
You’ll have to admit that the name “Marconi Beads” does not evoke the same kind of image. It just reminds me of pasta and then I get hungry.
Here are some pictures. The round beads are hollow and I formed the cores on marbles up to 40mm. I described the technique in this post.
Love the beads and the history! However, I need to point out that after years in court, Tesla was awarded the patent for the radio in 1943, when Marconi’s patents were deemed invalid. Tesla had patented and demonstrated a radio-controlled boat in 1898. See http://www.teslasociety.com/radio.htm for more information. All of us who work in polymer clay owe Teslaj–AC powers our ovens!
Well, my friend, you’ve done it again. The beads are lovely; the bracelets are wearable and beautiful. I loved your

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.988544
Retrieved Text: "A good selection of jewelry making wires along with cords and threads"
There are lots of jewelry making threads and jewelry making wires to pick from.
Your choice is determined by the size and weight of your beads, pendants or charms, the size of their holes and whether or not any of the thread will be left showing.
I discovered a good selection of jewelry making wires along with cords and threads available online at Amazon which is probably the best online place for jewelry making tools and equipment.
A popular jewelry making thread because of its natural qualities. It might be inflexible when first purchased but quickly softens. It’s available in a number of colors and thicknesses. Leather thong is pretty strong however thin sized (fewer than one millimeters in thickness) shouldn’t be used for single stranded necklaces. It’s solid therefore it does’nt fray helping to make threading relatively simple.
Ideal when using beadloom. It’s very strong yet fine enough to go through the tiniest bead holes. It’s also great for creating jewelry with small holed beads off the loom.
Super Lon is yet another useful jewelry making thread and it is slightly stronger than Nymo. It has a really smooth finish. Both are available in a number of colors to match your beads. Both threads have to be used with a beading needle.
Nymo? Nylon Seed Bead Thread Size D Black 0.012 Inch 0.34mm, 3-ounce spool, approximately 2505 yards.
A thermally bonded, water-proof bead weaving thread that’s abrasion resistant, wont fray and has hardly any stretch. It’s perfect for stringing seed beads,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.979088
Retrieved Text: Available in an amazing array of colors, finishes, and styles, they are most often used in bead weaving and loomwork. Larger sizes are smaller, with 11/0 being the most common.
Seed beads are one of the most commonly used beads for jewelry making and decorating garments. Seed beads are primarily fabricated from glass in the Czech Republic and Japan.
Seed beads range in size from 1.3mm to 3.3mm. Larger numbers mean smaller beads. The most common smaller sizes are 11/0 and 15/0, and the most common larger sizes are 6/0 and 8/0. This is pronounced “eight-aught”, and means that about 8 beads strung together will measure 1″. Larger seed beads are also called pony beads.
Glass is the most common material used to fabricate seed beads, but they are also made from metal, porcelain or tile. The beads are formed on a mandrel which corresponds to the size of the interior opening. A 10kg rod of glass will yield about 8kg of seeds beads. Custom colors and designs can be ordered from some companies.
Seed beads have been found that are centuries old. English traders used these colorful beads as currency when trading with the American Indians, Africans and other colonies.
Seed beads are available in many colors, from opaque to transparent. Some beads are lined with a different color, or metallic material for a unique variation. An exterior coating of a metallic film adds a lustre to seed beads called Aurora Borealis; “AB”.
There are several types of seed beads. Bugle beads are seed beads that are longer with sharp cut

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.956427
Retrieved Text: This eco friendly pair of earrings is made of paper beads handcrafted from an art magazine.
The dangles are composed of paper beads that are aesthetically put together in delightful shades of pink and peach. The beads are given a coat of eco friendly sealant to make it sweat and splash proof.
The beads are strung through a cream waxed cotton cord, with a little wooden bead at the top. The dangles hang from hand formed sterling silver ear wires.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.917768
Retrieved Text: 9mm Snowflake obsidian square cube beads. The snowflake appearance in this volcanic glass is produced by internal crystallites formed as lava quickly cooled. Just like real snowflakes, no two beads are exactly alike. These beads have a nice polish and are cut very evenly.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.889238
Retrieved Text: The water softener tank is filled with small diameter resin beads which are charged with sodium ions. When hard water flows through the resin bed, the beads act like a magnet, attracting the calcium and magnesium ions in the water in exchange for the sodium ions.
2. Eventually the resin beads become saturated with the hardness mineral ions and must be recharged. This regeneration process is conducted by the control valve on the top of the tank. The control valve is the brain of the system.
3. During regeneration, a strong brine solution from the brine tank is flushed through the resin tank, bathing the resin beads in a stream of sodium ions from the salt in the brine. This replaces the calcium and magnesium ions captured by the resin beads.
4. The brine solution carrying the displaced hardness minerals is flushed to the drain with fresh water. The resin beads can be used over again.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.867365
Retrieved Text: Bracelet seed bead together by thread 15 formed by spherical beads red, one blue and two cylindrical black and white cylindrical. The seeds are separated from each other by metal beads. The cord ends in two dark colored spherical beads.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.843426
Retrieved Text: These glowing water beads are the coolest thing ever. They are so much fun for children of all ages, and adults too! They can be used for sensory play, Halloween, imaginative play and more.
We love playing with water beads and have used them in a variety of ways. I have to say, glowing water beads are our favorite, with frozen water beads as a close second. To make the glowing water beads I first made glow water. Glow water is simple to make, and my boys even like to help. To make glow water you need yellow highlighters. I prefer to use non toxic highlighters since my kids will have their hands in the water created from the ink. As with all sensory activities we wash our hands after play.
Directions: Break open a yellow highlighter. Use caution while breaking it, because little bits of plastic can go flying. Next run water through the inside of the broken pen to get all of the yellow from inside then run the spongy part under the water. JZ (4) wanted to help, so he held the sponge and squeezed the yellow out.
*Update* The first time I made glow water I held it under running water. The second time I made it I smarted up and cut the spongy part open. The glow rinsed into the water in seconds. Easy peasy.
To make glowing water beads soak clear water beads in glow water for several hours. I have made glowing water beads both from brand new water beads and from already

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Where is water likely to form beads?" and the following answer choices: 
- aqueous solution
 - on cold surfaces
 - jungles of the sea
 - colder weather
 - Evaporation
 - colder and wetter
 - Wet weather
 - streams.

Now knowing that beads of water are formed by water vapor condensing and moisture builds up in the air and condenses wherever the surfaces are cold, choose the best answer.

Target Text: on cold surfaces

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.352306
Retrieved Text: Native American Indian beading was traditionally performed by women as acts of extreme respect and reverence to the natural world.
Using Native American Indian beads was considered sacred to these people, and the act of stringing the beads was itself a form of prayer and reflection. The finished product was not considered to be as valued as the process of creation itself, but was viewed as a beautiful by product of this custom.
Native American Indian beads decorated the clothing of their people, and particularly those of younger women. Excessive displays of these beads were common, particularly after white settlement when new techniques for stringing where invented.
A higher status was represented by the intricate necklace and pendant arrangements that are instantly recognizable today as having these early origins.
Groups within Native American society where categorized by totems, signified by the jewelry of the wearer. Native American Indian beads where used to display their totems, and show how that connected them to their family, clan or group.
Trade between tribes is proved by the abundance of shell-based Native American Indian beads that would otherwise have not been found inland. The similarity of pendant patterns that have been later found in remnants of tribal grounds across America also proves this link to trade and sharing.
As a form of currency, it appears that Native American Indian beads were used to trade between tribes. In addition they were used to consolidate treaties, agreements and as a part of reciprocal gift giving ceremonies.
Ceremonial dances performed by the Native American people used decorative beads about their

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.230051
Retrieved Text: Picking up where we left off a few posts ago regarding UV activated nano-crystalline titanium dioxide, it has another interesting property. It’s superhydrophilic.
A regular glass surface which has been cleaned and coated with a hydrophobic solution will result in dirt and water clinging to the glass. As water beads, they will form spots.
Glass coated with a hydrophilic solution will be smoother and more resistant to spotting. Ratherthan forming beads, water will spread across the glass. It will evaporate quicker and the windowwill stay cleaner with fewer spots.
This entry was posted on November 21, 2018 by vishayopto in Articles.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.894573
Retrieved Text: Blackstone is routinely dyed, so it is likely these beads have been color-enhanced. They have a beautiful, glossy polish! Sold per approx 14.5" strand.
The manufacturer refers to these beads as jade, but they are most likely a form of dyed quartz or specialty glass. They have a beautiful gentle glow to them and a milky translucence. Sold per approx 15" strand.
Natural quartz rough nuggets are electroplated with a bright AB finish! Exact size and shape will vary as these are naturally shaped. Featured in the January 2019 Bargain Bead Box.Sold per bag of 5 beads.
Genuine rose quartz beads are likely color-enhanced. A beautiful, feminine classic! Sold per 15" strand.
Sparkling Chinese crystal cubes are an amazing value! Sold per pack of 20 beads. Assorted colors, in a mix of fancy, colorful metallic iris finishes.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.623266
Retrieved Text: A good test on any type of waterproof gear is to see if water beads on the surface to form fine droplets. If droplets bead, this is a sign the gear is waterproofed and is repelling water. If gear doesn’t bead but ‘wets out’, you will see darker patches where water is being absorbed through the surface. This is a sign the gear is not performing and requires the Nikwax waterproofing treatment.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 21.596725
Retrieved Text: There are many different types of water treatment systems which a water systems company may suggest. If your Maryland water systems company suggests that you install a water softening system, you may be wondering what that means exactly. Here is how a water softening system works and a few other things you should know.
Why Do I Need a Water Softening System?
If your Maryland water systems company suggested you have a water softening system installed in your home, it is most likely due to an increased amount of minerals in your water. The most common way this is described is as having “hard water”. If you’re not sure if you have hard water, here are the most common symptoms of hard water.
A traditional water softening system works by removing minerals from your water through what is called an ion exchange. As water passes through a tank filled with resin beads, the minerals which make your water hard attach to the beads, while the rest of the water exits the tank and goes through your plumbing. It’s a simple system, but the effects on the quality of water are amazing.
You may have heard about a water conditioner or de-scaler being used as an alternative to a water softening system. The truth is, it’s not a real alternative to a water softening system because it doesn’t remove minerals from the water. A water conditioner or de-scaling unit essentially reduces the ability for water to form mineral deposits inside the pipes. However, nothing will be as effective as a whole-house

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.570189
Retrieved Text: The precise form of this pair of Omani (and possibly Yemeni) earring is very unusual. They comprise large, solid silver hoops and then at their base are spiky silver beads that are likely based on seed pods found in the desert and which evolved to stick to the fur of animals, along with central orange-red ceramic or glass tubular beads.
The beads are likely to date to circa 1930, and themselves are unusual.
They are pleasing and sculptural. They also have a splendid patina from use, handling and age.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.532438
Retrieved Text: If you live in Lemont, and your water contains high levels of calcium and magnesium (and it very well could), a water softener is very important. A water softener is needed to keep these minerals at bay, protecting your home from a number of problems.
Unfortunately, water softeners can encounter problems, rendering them temporarily useless. Should one of these issues arise, you’ll likely want to correct it as quickly as possible.
What’s the best way to correct an issue quickly? By being able to identify the problem when it occurs. Without further ado, here are 4 water softener issues to look out for in Lemont, Illinois.
In order for a water softener to function as intended, it requires the use of resin beads. Resin beads are small, pebble-like entities that float within a water softener. These beads are key to the ion-exchange process that allows water softeners to remove calcium and magnesium from your water.
While resin beads are designed to hold up over the long-haul, there are cases in which they can break down prematurely. When this occurs, their corresponding water softeners lose the ability to soften water.
If your resin beads have deteriorated, you will probably be able to see them floating at the top of the water in your water softener. Fortunately, they can be easily replaced.
It’s simple: when the motor fails, the water softener fails as a whole. Water softeners need properly functioning motors in order to complete the softening process.
Though most water softener motors will last for the life of the water softener, not all will.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.747725
Retrieved Text: Very high quality bean bag chair from BigFit 200 x 140 cm + 430L EPS beads. The cover is made from a heavy duty hi-tech nylon 430 - Denier fabric water- and dirt-repellent, so the bean bag is very durable and easy to clean. The bean bag and the EPS Pereln are packed separately, just transfer at home and relax. Package Content: 1 x Bean Bag of your choice and 430L expanded polystyrene (EPS) pearls. Please let us know with your choice of colour. Stuffing - ------- finest brands EPS beads, the shape of the pearls ensures a long service life, they will fit any body shape Great, and ensure the perfect weight distribution. EPS beads, are the best quality approx. 2% Made of Polystyrene and made from approx. 98% Air. EPS beads, are does not damage the environment or Wassergefährdent, they are Eco Friendly & ground water and food safe. EPS beads, are resistant to ageing, mouldy does not lazy lounge around. EPS beads, form No breeding ground for micro-organisms. EPS beads, are soft and super easy, no matter your level of experience. EPS beads, are hygienic, anti-allergenic and dust free. EPS beads, so have excellent Dämmeigenschaften and offer warmth. . EPS beads, due to its classic round shape have an optimal flow characteristics EPS beads, are washable up to 60 degrees and can be tumble dried.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.583588
Retrieved Text: Depending where you live, you may have a real problem with hard water. What does that mean? Well, hard water is when there are excessive amounts of minerals in the source water. In Utah that is usually measured at 10+ grains per gallon, which is considered “hard” in the measurement scale.
What does that actually mean for you? If you own a home or business in Utah you likely experience issues such as buildup of white calcium on your faucets, spots on your dishes, clean clothes that feel dingy or stiff, hair that doesn’t feel very healthy, reduced water flow, and inefficient appliances. All of these examples are typically related to hard water.
To combat that we often install water softeners and water purification systems. These are ways of treating the water so it is better for use and consumption.
While hard water will generally not cause serious health issues, it can impact your health in ways such as damaged skin and hair, and damage to your appliances and in time your wallet.
We know how to correct your hard water issues with top of the line water softener systems, reverse osmosis systems and more. Have a system already? We can service your system and repair or replace parts if necessary. We can also show you how to use your system properly and most efficiently.
Call Plumber Salt Lake City at 801-797-3380 and learn how your home of office can enjoy better quality water today!
To understand the most common issues you may face with your water softener system, you need to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.55616
Retrieved Text: The optical tweezers apparatus is finally functioning, so I spent yesterday trying it out. I can't yet do what I want to do, but enough of the steps are working that I've been able to get to a new problem.
The various optical components have been adjusted, so now I could (sometimes) trap beads at the laser focus. This is quite fussy; most of the time the beads are pulled into the focus point (the trap) and then spit right out again. My colleague thinks this is probably because of a bit of astigmatism in the (cheap) laser, and because she's now using an oil-immersion lens rather than a water immersion lens. I don't understand why the oil immersion lens would be worse, as the oil is specially designed to have the same refractive index as the glass on either side of it (the objective lens and the cover slip) so oil causes less refraction than water. But anyway, the trap works best when it is within 20 microns of the coverslip/oil/lens. Unfortunately it's tricky to get this distance because the micrometer used to move the chamber forwards and back has quite a bit of wobble ('hysteresis').
I could also focus on the cells I had attached to the coverslip, and the images looked much clearer than they had before the optics were adjusted. Again though, the wobble in the micrometer made this somewhat imprecise. And once I'd trapped a bead I could use the micrometer to move the chamber away from the objective, thus bringing the trap

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.2631
Retrieved Text: how to acid washing silica beads beltconveyers.netAcid washing of beads removes contaminants that can silica sand washing plant &helip. ... Jan 14, 2014 More details ucrushers contact.html Get the price of silica sand washing plant acid . how to acid wash sand awesomesource.
Bulk Silica Gel Whether you are using bulk silica gel to minimize the negative effects of moisture damage due to climatic changes, minimize existing moisture contact, or as preventative measure, AGM offers a variety of bulk silica gel desiccants to meet your needs.
Acid washing also removes potentially deleterious heavy metals adsorbed to the surface of the bead. Acid washed beads are oven dried and baked prior to bottling, at which time they are suitable for most applications. Available in both silica (glass beads) and zirconium oxide in nine sizes.
Welcome to one of the largest China B2B marketplace. This silica gel beads company list contains a wide range of silica gel beads factories serving all industries. This trusted vertical directory contains premier China suppliers/vendors, trading companies, custom manufacturers (OEM/ODM) and plants.
The beads come in prefilled unskirted tubes. Glass (Silica) Beads are acid washed and processed to remove nucleases and proteases. The beads are available in three sizes (0.1, 0.5, and 1.0 mm), ideal for homogenizing microbial applications such as algae, bacteria, fungi, mold, spores, and yeast.
acid wash for silica sand May 20, 2017 shfwh. ... Homemade dishwasher detergent makes natural cleaning easy. Borax, washing soda, citric acid and salt make an effective and inexpensive natural option. 201758. HClO4 Material Safety Data Sheet Perchloric acid, 60%

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.243498
Retrieved Text: This piece is made of natural, non-viable seeds from the Amazon, fresh water pearls, sterling silver charms, chain and findings. The seeds are attached with head pins to a thick chain to form this unique charm bracelet. Inspired by the Guarasavusu bird of the Amazon rainforest that has brown, yellow, and white feathers.
This charm bracelet reminds me of those beautiful blue and white China plates, the ones with the images of arched bridges, gardens and Willow trees. The bracelet consists of porcelain charms, lampwork beads, crazy blue and white striped Czech seed beads, rounded chunky brass chain, aged brass charms, and a toggle closure in hammered brass.
When I was a child in New Jersey my mother went through a phase where everything in our home was electric blue and chartreuse. This bracelet really brings me back to those times! The handmade glass beads are complimented nicely by the bright sterling silver chain, bells and clasps.
This watch bracelet is made with assorted glass beads and a Geneva watch attached to 1mm clear elastic bead cord. Each bead is separated by silver beads, silver flower spacers, a variety of glass beads and charms. The elastic lets it fit many size wrists.
This piece is made with silver-plated chain featuring blue Swarovski crystals, metal charms, and faux pearls. Bracelet is 7 1/2 inches long and finished with a toggle clasp.
This bracelet is 7 1/2″ and strung on 5mm clear stretch cord. It consists of antique gold medallion charms, metal antiqued green long beads, tortoise shell glass beads, small round wooden

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.238184
Retrieved Text: EPOCH making toys has announced the latest licensed property coming to its Aquabeads line in the form of Despicable Me 3, which is due to hit cinemas in the UK on June 30th.
Aimed at crafty, creative kids between the ages of four and 10, there are three varieties of Aquabeads: Solid Beads, Jewel Beads and Polygon Beads. The colourful beads are perfect for those who want creative fun without the mess of glue. Kids can arrange the beads into a pattern on the specially designed layout tray, spray with water and they dry in seconds.
The playset comes with over 700 beads in 10 colours, a working station, bead peeler, multiple templates and a spray. The templates, featuring the popular yellow characters including Stuart, Kevin and Bob, can be used repeatedly.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.237682
Retrieved Text: Key Concept-Goal: The student will be able to work with clay and be able to form a clay pumpkin medallion and paint it to take home.
Vocabulary: Use words from the ceramics vocabulary handout.
Essential Skills-Objectives-Art Aims: After showing the student how to form the clay medallion and decorate it, the student will make one of their own.
Engagement Activities- Procedure: Teacher makes the clay disks. Student will pick one up. Use a pointed stick to draw the picture. You can make beads if you have time. Put them in a plastic cup with students name tag. After firing, paint the medallion and beads. When dry, student will paint acrylic on it to make it shiny. Teacher will string the necklace with beads and yarn.
Materials: clay, cloths, pointed stick, toothbrush, water,paint, water, newspaper, brushes, acrylic polymer.
Organization for distribution: Water on table. Grocery line to pick up clay, cloth and tools. Painting- paint will be on table, get brushes, clay piece and newspaper.
Cleanup: Each one folds cloth and puts it in box, put back sticks and toothbrush, put clay piece and nametag on board.
Assessment- Evaluation: Does it look neat? Is it painted carefully?
Higher Level Questions: How do you create a clay medallion?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.738836
Retrieved Text: An oligonucleotide targets a single gene transcript and is synthesized and conjugated to a micrometer diameter silica bead.
An oligonucleotide with a unique sequence (molecular barcode) is also conjugated to the same bead.
Millions of beads for thousands of gene targets are synthesized in parallel and then mixed together in equal proportion.
Beads are spread onto the slides, enter the holes, and are held by van der Waals forces.
The beads are positioned randomly, and each gene is targeted by multiple beads.
In gene expression experiments, a fluorescently labeled RNA transcript is hybridized to the array, and its signal read by an array scanner.
To find the bead to gene correspondence, a clever decoding strategy is used. All beads have a unique barcode, but there are subsequences that are shared between each. One oligonucleotide will connect to the green dye, and the other will connect to the red dye. These oligonucleotides are then hybridized to the array, where their signal is read. Roughly half of the beads will have a green signal, the other half will signal red. The array is then subjected to denaturing conditions to remove the annealed oligonucleotides. The process is then repeated with a different pair of green and red strands. Again, half of the beads will have either a green or red signal, but the signal may not be same as the previous iteration. For example, a bead may have four signal sequences––red-green, green-red, red-red, or green-green––dividing all beads into four groups. Using successive hybridization cycles, millions of beads can be individually decoded to identify which gene

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.680387
Retrieved Text: Aquamarine is a wonderful stone. The cool, sea blue color is irresistible! And, with just a little attention, you can protect that blue color and your aquamarine will stay beautiful for years to come!
Follow the Golden Rule – Make your jewelry the last item you put on when getting dressed, and the first item you take off at in the evening. This keeps perfumes and hairspray from getting on the beads unnecessarily. In the long run, this will mean less cleaning for you!
Wash aquamarine beads in warm, soapy water. A soft brush, like an old toothbrush may be used for stubborn areas. Rise well and dry with paper towels. Avoid harsh chemicals like ammonia, and ultrasonic cleaning generally is not recommended.
Store your beads in a cool, dark, place. Aquamarine can fade with exposure to sunlight. This effect likely depends on the exact chemical nature of your particular beads, but it’s better to be proactive about this. Heat treatment is a common and acceptable treatment that makes green aquamarine more blue, but we know that if overdone, it can make a stone colorless. Oh no!
Wrap your beads in a soft, all cotton, cloth if they will be stored with other gemstones. This will protect them from scratches.
What tips do to have for storing your beaded jewelry?
Previous Need Beads? Anytime. Anywhere.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.654024
Retrieved Text: Water softeners are usually reliable when it boils down to filtering and purifying your water supply. However, they won’t last forever even though they’re designed to serve you longer. You’ll face issues with the softening system from time to time. It’s necessary to be careful about these issues so that you can fix them as and when the problem arises. Here are 5 common water softener issues that you may face.
Clogging or blockage is one of the common issues faced by people who use a water softener. These blockages pile up as a result of minerals that get collected in the interior of the device. When the minerals build up to a particular point, they hardly leave any room for water passage. If you find that the degree of water softening has gone down, it may be an indication of blockage lines. Fixing blockages isn’t really difficult. Just go through the user manual of the device, and you’ll find a solution to get rid of the problem quickly.
If the water softener is driven by salt, it makes use of resin beads. The resin beads are essential for the smooth functioning of the softener. They replace hard minerals with soft ones, and soften the water. Although these beads are meant to last throughout the lifespan of the system, they’re likely to fail in some situations. When this happens, you’ll see resin beads floating in the water of the softener. Fixing this issue warrants professional help.
Like any other appliance that uses a motor, water softeners are subjected to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.63234
Retrieved Text: I'm making seagull beads today and I thought I would take a moment to explain the process of how they are made. The process is called Lampworking or Flameworking.
All of my beads are handcrafted one at a time in a very hot flame.
This is my torch, It's a Carlisle Mini CC.
The torch runs on Propane, like you use to run your barbecue. This is my tank.
The oxygen is supplied with an oxygen concentrator. The same as would be used in a hospital to provide ixygen to patients. Mine is a 10L model which I purchased from a pet supply company.
When using the torch some nasty fumes can be released from the chemicals used in colouring the glass so I have to have adequate ventilation so that I don't breathe them in.
I have to wear a pair of glasses called Didymiums or didy's for short. These stop the glare of the flame from hurting my eyes. I also have to wear reading glasses at the same time.
The glass beads are made on stainless steel mandrels otherwise known as welding rods. These are coated with a specially formulated bead realease, like clay slip which stops the glass from sticking to the mandrel.
The glass comes in rod form, some of which is produced on the island of Murano in Venice, Italy - yes, the famous bead making island of Murano.
This is just a small selection of my collection of glass.
The beads are made by melting the glass rods in the flame and then applying the glass to the mandrel.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.522863
Retrieved Text: These glowing water beads are the coolest thing ever. They are so much fun for children of all ages, and adults too! They can be used for sensory play, Halloween, imaginative play and more.
We love playing with water beads and have used them in a variety of ways. I have to say, glowing water beads are our favorite, with frozen water beads as a close second. To make the glowing water beads I first made glow water. Glow water is simple to make, and my boys even like to help. To make glow water you need yellow highlighters. I prefer to use non toxic highlighters since my kids will have their hands in the water created from the ink. As with all sensory activities we wash our hands after play.
Directions: Break open a yellow highlighter. Use caution while breaking it, because little bits of plastic can go flying. Next run water through the inside of the broken pen to get all of the yellow from inside then run the spongy part under the water. JZ (4) wanted to help, so he held the sponge and squeezed the yellow out.
*Update* The first time I made glow water I held it under running water. The second time I made it I smarted up and cut the spongy part open. The glow rinsed into the water in seconds. Easy peasy.
To make glowing water beads soak clear water beads in glow water for several hours. I have made glowing water beads both from brand new water beads and from already

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.455822
Retrieved Text: OMI Beads can be found at fine boutiques and retail gift shops across the United States and Canada. Find a location nearest you by searching below.
Are you a retail store interested in carrying OMI Beads? Please complete our online Wholesale Application form.
• ACP, Del Ray Beach, FL.
• Everything But Water, Aventura, FL.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.450958
Retrieved Text: Using a Polyphosphate Filter Cartridge can virtually eliminate corrosion and scale build-up on fixtures and appliances by allowing the polyphosphate beads to slowly dissolve in the water which causes the calcium to be held in suspension and not attach itself to the walls of the plumbing system. It basically binds the calcium not allowing it to attach itself. The dissolving beads apply a coating on the inside of the pipes and this also protects the plumbing system from corrosion.
Many home plumbing systems and commercial systems incorporate this filter cartridge into the water treatment system, particularity where the water is very hard, or the water calcifies quickly in the hot water side of the system.
These cartridges contain food grade slow dissolve polyphosphate beads that dissolve slowly in water to inhibit scale and rust build-up. These cartridges are recommended for use with ice machines, coffee and vending machines, food service equipment, water heaters and many other types of water processing equipment.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.30672
Retrieved Text: Ion exchange resins are made up of a highly porous, polymeric material that is acid, base and water insoluble. The tiny beads that make up these resins are derived from hydrocarbon and are about ½ millimeter in diameter.
Anion resins and cation resins are the two most common resins used in the ion exchange process. The difference between anion and cation resins is that one is positively charged (anion) and the other is negatively charged (cation).
The size of the resin beads.
The amount of water the resin can hold.
The amount of ions the resin can filter out before needing to be regenerated.
The rate at which the ion exchange resin allows water to flow through it.
The desired quality of the final effluent water.
The type and amount of contaminants in the source water.
Cation and anion exchange resins are common and essential components in modern industrial water treatment systems. Source water often contains many dissolved minerals that must be removed lest they wreak havoc on sensitive industrial systems. Small amounts of these minerals can reduce the effectiveness of industrial equipment and contaminate delicate electrical components.
Cation and anion exchange resins can be thought of as powerful magnets that attract and hold the contaminating minerals from the passing source water, by an electromagnetic attraction. Cation resins naturally attract a certain set of minerals, while anion resins attract another set of minerals.
The polymeric resin beads are treated such that they contain thousands of tiny cracks, thus increasing their surface area. As source water passes through the cation and anion resin beads, molecules with minerals

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.278692
Retrieved Text: To develop an inexpensive adsorbent, suitable for arsenic removal from drinking water, iron-chitosan based sorbents were selected. Chitosan is a biopolymer derived from chitin, a polysaccharide and is available commercially in the form of flakes. To be used in an adsorption system, chitosan should be made in the form of a bead. In this process, two types of beads were prepared 1) Iron-chitosan (CFeN), and 2) Iron-chitosan coated perlite (CFeN+Perlite). These beads were characterized using Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM), Energy Dispersive x-ray Spectrometry (EDS) and X-ray Photoelectron Spectroscopy (XPS). The adsorption isotherm studies of arsenic on CFeN and CFeN+Perlite beads were determined using Langmuir model. The effect of pH and competing ions on arsenic removal for CFeN was determined. For CFeN adsorbent, high removals of arsenate were obtained at pH range 5.8-7.8, with maximum removal occurring around pH 5.8. Arsenite removal is also efficient with the maximum removal occurring around pH 8. From the isotherm studies, it was found that the maximum adsorption of arsenate and arsenite onto iron-chitosan coated perlite was almost half that of iron-chitosan.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.256744
Retrieved Text: Activated Alumina is a high-surface-area, highly porous form of aluminum oxide. It can adsorb gases and liquids without changing its form. It works as a desiccant by adsorption. As air passes through the alumina, water in the air bonds and becomes trapped on the AA desiccant beads. Air that passes through an activated alumina filter or dryer can achieve -40 or -100 dewpoints. AA desiccant will not fall apart or soften if exposed to water.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.231243
Retrieved Text: Most people have seen the effects of limescale on the domestic kettle. It is that white chalk like substance that is left on the surface of the kettle.
Rain water is naturally soft when it falls from the sky, but once it reaches the ground, it then passes through numerous types of rock like chalk and limestone. The water picks up "HARD" Calcium and Magnesium minerals, turning the naturally soft water into hard water.
Many people do not feel the effects of hard water, as long as the minerals remain suspended in the water, but when water is heated up, these hard minerals come out of suyspension to form Limescale, which can be damaging to the heating elements and surrounding pipework (Hor Water Cylinder, Coffee machines, Kettles, Washing machines).
The Limescale Cartridges use a media called Polyphosphate which can virtually eliminate corrosion and scale build-up on fixtures and appliances by allowing the polyphosphate beads to slowly dissolve in the water which causes the calcium and magnesium to be held in suspension and not attach itself to the walls of the plumbing system. It basically binds the calcium not allowing it to attach itself. The dissolving beads apply a coating on the inside of the pipes and this also protects the plumbing system from corrosion.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.204712
Retrieved Text: Learn how you can make applique paper beads that look like ceramic or porcelain beads that have flowers and other designs painted on them after the bead is made.
Links below for products needed, are Amazon Affiliate Links and are there to make it easy for you to find and purchase the materials I used to make these beads.
Plain White 110lb index weight cardstock in white for best results.
Extra scrap paper to make waste beads if not using template paper.
White Glue for gluing bead as you go.
Glaze of your choice for glazing rolled beads. I use 2 coats PC-Petrifier and 2 Coats of Janice Mae's Vibrance.
Paper Bead Roller, your choice of size hole. I used 5/64"
Small container to keep your beads in until they are all rolled.
Small bottle for holding water.
Small dish to pour water into for dipping the decals into.
Cut your cardstock into strips first.
Layer your cutting template on top of your white cardstock. You are going to use this template for your waste beads once they are cut. Clip them together on the opposite side of where you will start cutting the cardstock into strips. Using the template does 2 things for you. It prevents unwanted, ugly, marks on your finished beads and it gives you paper strips for your waste beads, when you glaze them.
Following the cutting lines, cut your cardstock into strips and separate the template strips from your cardstock strips.
Using a 5/64" bead roller, roll the template strips into waste beads and set them aside.
NOTE: Make each bead one at a time,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.173862
Retrieved Text: Faience, also known as Egyptian Paste, was produced in the Bronze Age by skilled craftsmen for use in high status jewellery and as votive objects. The Egyptians loved the turquiose effect and plastered rooms with it and made statues and vessels and other items using it. In Britain the technique was used to made beads - mainly segmented, research has shown that local materials were used, rather than the items being traded into the country from afar.
The images below show the beads made in June 2007 using modern recipes and firing techniques as the starting point for research into the production methods. These were fired in a raku kiln to about 1000C, the recipe and method used are given at the bottom of this page.
Several of these beads, and those from later trial firings, have been traded and sold during various events, alongside other goods.
This will be developed by attempting to fire the beads in a lower technology fire and then using more suitably authentic materials, which were available in the Bronze Age. Watch this page for details.
The aim is to be able to offer faience making workshops to enable people to learn the techniques and make their own jewellery.
The mixture is spinkled with water - approximately 6 parts powder to 1 of water by volume - and mixed to form a paste.
Small lengths of high temperature "nichrome" wire are cut and straightened, on which beads can be supported while drying and firing. Racks made of fired clay are used to hold the wires, these are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.16619
Retrieved Text: These charms constantly rumble and clink together in your pack, causing beads of sweat to form on the brows of hunters kingdom-wide. They are hot to the touch, and give a bigger boost to power, while also attracting Costumed Sheep mice. Handle with EXTREME care!
Using these on Calamity Carl's Cruise will give the ship a significant boost in speed!
The Nitropop Charm can be obtained by converting Firecracker Charms using a Nitropop Potion and 168 Gold.
Nitropop Potions are dropped by Lunar New Year event mice when Firecracker Charms are armed.
One Nitropop Potion converts 3 Firecracker Charms to 3 Nitropop Charms at 168 gold per piece.
These charms constantly rumble and clink together in your pack, causing beads of sweat to form on the brows of hunters kingdom-wide. They are hot to the touch, and give a bigger boost to power, while also attracting braver fireworks-loving festival mice. Handle with EXTREME care!
These charms constantly rumble and clink together in your pack, causing beads of sweat to form on the brows of hunters kingdom-wide. They are hot to the touch, and give a bigger boost to power, while also attracting Costumed Dragon mice. Handle with EXTREME care!
While using these on Calamity Carl's Cozy Cruise, you will give the water snakes quite the scare, providing the ship with a good boost of speed.
These charms constantly rumble and clink together in your pack, causing beads of sweat to form on the brows of hunters kingdom-wide. They are hot to the touch, and give a bigger boost to power, while also attracting Costumed

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.163267
Retrieved Text: As we strive to be your one stop bead shop, we encourage you to inquire with us regarding any beads and related accessories you are lookng for. We have access to millions of beads, from glass beads and plastic beads to bone beads, crystal beads, crystals, semi precious beads, gemstone beads, tumble stones, jablonex beads, jablonex pearls, swarovski crystals beads, swarovski crystal pendants, glass pearls, fresh water pearls, sterling silver beads, seed beads, traditional beads, strings of beads, bulk beads, packets of beads, mixed beads, wood beads as well as all types of threading material from leather to waxed cords, genuine and synthetic nylons, beading cotton, beading elastic, rubber cords, threads and cords, tiger tail, aculon as well as all the beading tools, pliers, beading needles, craft glue and bead glue. There are also findings including crimps, clasps, jump rings, key rings, ear wire hooks and earring hoops, chain, earring pins and clutches, eye pins, head pins, stoppers, sliders and spacers for beading and jewellery making. We also stock nickel free findings, sterling silver findings, antique brass, copper, nickel, and brass findings and beads. Many hobby customers use our products for general crafts like scrap booking, mosaicing, weaving, crochet work and embroidery. We can also help you if you are a beading beginner. If you require wholesale beads we can arrange the manufacture thereof specifically for your requirements.
The Bead Shop in Melville has been in existence in one form or another for over 2 decades and due to our vast trading history in the industry we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.144865
Retrieved Text: Factoring in all their discoveries so far, the researchers believe that the bronze artifacts and exotic beads deposited inside this naturally-made Great Hall were of religious significance.
Dr. Mihai Rotea, a researcher from the National Museum of Transylvanian History, makes the case that this remote, inaccessible cave had been a cultic or sanctuary place, perhaps for nymph worship.
"Cold water flowed down from the rock above, and on the top was built an altar of the nymphs where all passers-by made offerings", (Homer, Odyssey, XVII, 209–211).
“Caves, springs, rich vegetation, even gardens are elements of nature connected with nymphs, about which not only Homer speaks, but other historical sources too,” Rotea says.
For instance, an ancient bilingual inscription in Greek and Latin discovered in the Romanian spa area of Geoagiu (in Hunedoara County, the ancient Germisara), interpreted by I. Piso, falls into the same thematic sphere: cave‐water‐nymphs. The inscription speaks of the thermal springs in Germisara: “Sunt Getici fontes divina nympha creati” (The springs of the Getae were created by the divine nymph). The springs were supposed to be under the protection of one or several nymphs associated with Aesculapius, Hygeia, and Artemis/Diana.
Other elements supporting the theory that Cioclovina Cave was a site of nymph worship are signs – when taken collectively, if not individually - of feminine divinity., These include blue glass beads and amber beads with the jewelry of numerous types, made of bronze.
Possibly, since it seems that rich jewelry had been offered there to a female deity, the worshipers plying the cave had been female too. Yet

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Removing what from food will preserve it?" and the following answer choices: 
- flavor
 - body water
 - heat energy
 - color
 - Water
 - Bodily water
 - moisture
 - ingredients

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and dehydration preserves foods by removing moisture, choose the best answer.

Target Text: moisture

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.545794
Retrieved Text: 10 Cooking Terms to know.
Clarify- A process of removing impurities from a liquid. It usually accomplished by skimming the surface of the liquid as it is heated.
Deglaze- The process of loosening, reducing and dissolving the reside remaining in the pan after meat has been sauteed.
Dot- The process involving the placement of small bit or pieces of food over and around food.
Giblets- The edible inside of poultry that includes the organs.
Gluten- A protein found in wheat,oats, rye, and barley.
Herbs du Provence- A seasoning blind that is used to season meat, poultry or vegetable. No solid rule on what specific herbs to use in mixture.
Infusion- A process that involves the soaking of a substance in hot liquid to extract the flavor.
Parboil- Cooking food in boiling water for only a short amount of time to retain the color, to help preserve nutrients.
Pinch-1/16 of a teaspoon or a dash.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.71297
Retrieved Text: Make your own food supply for disaster preparedness or long term food reserves. These combo's give you the mylar bags and oxygen absorbers needed to store the amount and type of food you choose. 20x30 4mil Mylar Bags - Our Mylar bags are made of a multi layer poly and aluminum foil laminated together. These bags are FDA approved and are used extensively for food storage. It is a very popular bag due to its good puncture resistance, outstanding barrier, and relatively low cost. Made in the USA. 2000cc Oxygen Absorbers - Ideal for a 5 gallon size Mylar bag. Use inside a mylar bag to preserve the food for long term food storage. Oxygen Absorbers remove unwanted oxygen inside the bag. Removing the oxygen protects dry food from developing insects or growing mold or fungi. Oxygen absorbers are safe to use with food.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.621569
Retrieved Text: 1. Why Tyffyn and not another lunchbox?
Tyffyn is the most advanced thermally-insulated lunchbox in the world. It was engineered using state-of-the-art technology to ensure that your food stays the way you like it, hot or cold, for longer. It was also designed to prevent spills and for easy portability. For more information, please click here.
2. What is my Tyffyn made of?
Tyffyn is made of the highest-quality, food-grade stainless steel. The food containers are coated on the outside with a non-toxic copper finish. The lids are made of durable, shatterproof FDA-approved BPA-free plastic.
Our materials are also compliant with the most current European standard: RoHS and SVHC.
3. Is the “Wool” style made of actual wool material? Is the “Maple” style made of actual wood material?
No, all styles are made of food-grade stainless steel, with a painted finish or with graphics printed on the outside.
4. How do I open my Tyffyn?
5. Can I place my Tyffyn horizontally?
For maximum safety and optimal leak resistance, always keep your Tyffyn standing upright.
6. What can I carry in my Tyffyn?
Tyffyn was designed to keep your food hot or cold, depending on your needs. It was not designed to carry both hot and cold food at the same time.
Tyffyn is especially well suited for moist, dense, and hot food, such as stews, rice, minestrone and other soups, mashed potatoes, lasagna and other baked pasta, ratatouille, dumplings, etc.
Tyffyn is also suitable for cold food, such as salad, cold tofu, yogurt, ice cream, fruit, cheese, cold noodles, gazpacho, potato salad, rice salad, cole slaw, deviled eggs,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.031986
Retrieved Text: The food industry is constantly innovating to find clean label alternatives for food protection, allowing the removal of commonly used chemical preservatives from their products, such as sorbic acid, calcium propionate and sodium nitrite while still maintaining the functionality of those ingredients. The challenges that must be overcome when removing or replacing ingredients are substantial to maintain the safety, quality, and functionality of the finished product. Fermentation is a centuries-old method of food preservation that can be used to fulfill this need.
Since the discovery by Louis Pasteur that microorganisms play a role in the fermentation process, a new field of research was initiated to help us understand the relationship between microorganisms and food. Researchers now have a broad knowledge of food fermentation and compounds produced by bacteria, yeast or fungi and why those fermentation products have a preservation effect. This knowledge has enabled the development of safe, clean label fermentation-derived food ingredients which can provide the same enhancement to shelf-life when added to non-fermented foods. These fermentation-derived food ingredients are produced by providing a carbohydrate rich food substrate such as sugar or milk to bacteria commonly found in food products. When culturing under optimal conditions, the natural compounds that enhance the fresh keeping of food are intentionally produced. After the cultures have consumed the carbohydrate source and the fermentation is complete, the culture is typically pasteurized to eliminate the microorganisms from the blend. The product can be evaporated, concentrated and standardized prior to use by food manufacturers. Fermentation products can then be used for colour, texture,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.978157
Retrieved Text: Many Americans have embraced the “eating clean” movement, the concept that we should eat whole foods like vegetables, fruits and whole grains and healthy proteins and fats. And we should consume less refined grains, pesticides, additives, preservatives and fats.
Sounds logical, because who wants to eat pesticides and preservatives? New research from Iowa State University, however, shows that consumers are unaware of the costs related to producing “clean” label foods.
Ruth MacDonald and Ruth Litchfield, professors of food science and human nutrition at Iowa State University, warn of the consequences in terms of food waste, safety and cost. Clean food advocates suggest avoiding foods with ingredients you cannot pronounce. MacDonald says several food manufacturers, restaurants and grocery stores have responded by removing additives to fit the definition of clean.
The ISU professors say just because an ingredient or additive has an unfamiliar name does not automatically make it bad for you. The decision to remove additives appears to be driven more by market demand than consideration of the benefits these additives provide and the potential food safety risk, they said. Removing nitrates from deli meats and hot dogs is just one example.
Food manufacturers use ingredients such as sodium benzoate, calcium propionate and potassium sorbate to control the growth of microorganisms in foods without changing the character or taste of the food. Without such additives, foods will spoil faster, increasing food safety risk and the likelihood of more food ending up in the trash.
• Consider the source of the information. Be wary of advocacy groups using social media to push

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.97506
Retrieved Text: Bosch built-in appliances: Perfect installation, uncompromising quality.
Built-in ovens can be integrated into both wall and base units. If you choose a separate oven, you can position the hob independently of the oven. For kitchens where space is restricted, our compact appliances, at 45 cm high, are the ideal solution. No matter which appliance you choose – thanks to various automatic programmes, you’ll always produce perfect roasting and baking results with every one of our models.
A healthy diet starts when you buy your food and ends when you prepare it. In between, it’s important to preserve valuable vitamins and nutrients. Our HydroFresh technology keeps fruit and vegetables fresh up to twice as long. That’s great for the environment, as it means there’s less waste.
You can recognise fresh food because it smells right. Or it’s in the right fridge.
Bosch fridge-freezers not only make everyday life tastier, they also make it easier: Clear shelving, spacious boxes and ingenious dividers mean that you always know just what food you have in store. In addition, the trays and shelves glide gently towards you on telescopic rails, which makes inserting and removing food child’s play. And thanks to the perfect lighting, you always have a clear view of all your food.
We test every dishwasher rigorously, meaning that every sheet of metal, every hinge, every screw and bolt is used, stressed, soiled, flooded, and heated before our dishwashers go into production. Ultimately, a dishwasher from Bosch is one thing in particular: especially durable.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.797264
Retrieved Text: If you need to maintain a temperature that is lower than -135 C your average electric freezer will not do the job. Considering a different method such as flash freezing might be the way to go.The benefits of using this method depend heavily on the items you are trying to preserve.
Industrial freezers on average can reach temperatures of about -20 C to -50 C. These units can commonly be found in the food service industry, in places such as ice cream shops. There are however certain units that can achieve a “deep freeze” maintaining a temperature of about -135 C. These units are commonly used in Laboratories for storing bone marrow.These units however are not capable of maintaining a temperature lower than -135 C.
Flash freezing may not only be a faster freezing solution but it could also be less harmful to the item you are trying to freeze. Flash freezing can be done in a Flash in comparison to traditional freezing being that it only takes half the time. This method can be achieved by using liquid nitrogen . A liquid nitrogen blast freezer uses liquid nitrogen to preserve its contents quickly. These units can reach-20 C in just a few minutes and reach temperatures below -130 C in just a few hours. Industrial units that utilize liquid nitrogen vary in size making them quite versatile. The freeze time however may vary depending on the size and quantity of the items that you are trying to preserve. Liquid nitrogen freezers can reach-210 C very easily and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.175396
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re making a quick weeknight supper or leisurely family roast, you won’t be disappointed with this 5 piece set.
Each of the saucepans include a glass straining lids for easily removing water or fluids from the pan.
The glass lids supplied with this set allow you to monitor your cooking without the need to remove it and will help to preserve the nutrients and flavours of what is being cooked.
The Prestige Strain Away 5 piece set is dishwasher safe however hand washing is recommended.
Supplied with 5 year Prestige guarantee.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.141129
Retrieved Text: Skipper Otto’s is a Community Supported Fishery (CSF) that is transforming the way in which seafood is produced, consumed, and valued. The CSF creates a direct connection between local fishermen and consumers with the joint goal of protecting ocean resources and increasing food sovereignty by creating an alternative to the dominant model of export-oriented industrial food production. We are requesting assistance with our education program, which aims to increase seafood sovereignty and create community by empowering CSF members to preserve and process seafood by removing the main barrier, which is lack of necessary skills.
Blogs/vlogs on how to use home smokers, how to prepare roe, how long fish will stay fresh, how long fish can be in the freezer, how to cook crab, etc.
This page was last edited on 10 September 2014, at 18:53.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.803125
Retrieved Text: It’s mid-August, and the tomatoes are arriving in quantities previously unimaginable. Freezing tomatoes is super easy. Once frozen, tomatoes do not hold their shape and are somewhat mushy which makes them perfect for use in soups, chili, sauces, or added in to a stir fry or anything else you’d like a little tomato flavor in! Your winter self will be so pleased that you’ve done this! If you have freezer that isn’t full already, you can preserve our tomatoes in no time with this tip from friend of the farm, Liz Carter.
Liz Carter is a newsletter subscriber in Portland, Oregon who sent us her family’s favorite way to preserve the crop during a good season. Just put dead-ripe tomatoes on freezer shelves and let them freeze good and solid, then wrap in freezer paper and/or store in freezer bags. When they thaw they soften, so the skins can be removed easily; then simmer for sauces and soups just as you would fresh tomatoes. It’s so great to smell the scent of vine-ripe tomatoes in the winter, when the garden is long gone. Thanks Liz!
We’ve listed many variations for freezing tomatoes depending on which end result you’d like: roasted, puréed, with or without skins and seeds. They all work great. Follow the straight freeze method below for basic preparation and freezing instructions.
Cut to desired size for use.
Place chopped tomatoes in freezer zip-top bag.
More tomato, less water Tomatoes are watery, especially heirlooms and slicer tomatoes. If you’d like a less watery version to freeze, halve the tomatoes and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.70824
Retrieved Text: Dr. I’m 24 years old, I was diagnosed as having 4 fibroids last year. I’m having trouble conceiving. What do you recommend? I have been taking herbal vitamins that suppose to shrink the fibroids, but that doesnt seem to be working.
Many women can get pregnant with fibroid tumors..however it is often dependent on the size, number and location or the fibroids. If you are having trouble, you may wish to seek out a fertility specialist.
We recommend women do not delay in surgically removing fibroid tumors as they only tend to get bigger and increase in number the longer they are left untreated. You should consider removal of your tumors in the hands of a skilled physician who will try to preserve your fertility while removing all of your tumors.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.706459
Retrieved Text: Home freezing fresh foods is an excellent way to preserve essential vitamins, minerals and nutrients. Follow a few basic tips to achieve the greatest success in your home freezing program.
Choose the correct type of container for freezing foods. Foods in the freezer should have proper packaging to protect flavor, color, and moisture content and nutrition value. The type of freezer container depends on the type of food you are freezing and personal preference. A good rule to follow is not to freeze fruits and vegetables in containers with a capacity over one-half gallon. The reason for this is that foods in larger containers freeze too slowly and will result in an unsatisfactory product.
Rigid containers that are made of plastic or glass are appropriate for all packs and are especially good for liquid packs. Do not use cardboard cartons for cottage cheese, ice cream and milk for long term freezer storage. They are not sufficiently moisture vapor resistant. They can be suitable if lined with a freezer bag or wrap.
A regular glass jar will break easily at freezer temperatures. If you use a glass jar, use wide mouth dual purpose jars that are made for freezing and canning. If you use a standard canning car with a narrow mouth, leave extra headspace to allow for expansion of foods during freezing. If you do not allow for expansion the liquid can cause the jars to break at the neck. You will have to thaw some foods completely before removing them from a jar.
Use bags and sheets of moisture

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.57418
Retrieved Text: Category Archives for "Food Dehydrator Reviews"
Food dehydrator helps to preserve food items, fruits, vegetables and meat items. It removes the moisture content from the food items and keeps them dry so that the food can be preserved for a long time. As it removes the moisture from the food, it helps in restraining the food from bacteria, as bacterias grow under moisture and prevents from food spoiling also.
Food hydrator requires heat to take out the moisture from the food items which is obtained from electric energy or solar energy.
Food dehydrating helps me to preserve the nutrients in food for a longer time. Also, I simply prefer the taste of dehydrated food in some preparations. Food rollups or a crunchy flavoured broccoli, there are many different ways in which I have been using my dehydrator to make some exceptional products for my kitchen. With the many options in the market, when buying a food dehydrator I was obviously spoiling for choices. However, it is best to understand the features of the product before deciding which one suits best. This review deals with the product Excalibur 3500 B.Here are all the explicit details, which helped me, make my purchase decision.
A food dehydrator is an awesome device specially used in food preservation especially in the case of fruits, vegetables and animal products. Drying of food gets rid of the excess water that would have facilitated the growing of extremely dangerous microorganisms such as aflatoxin which is fatal when consumed. Food dehydration is one of the safest and cheapest ways

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.412598
Retrieved Text: The days of ripping apples and mushrooms out of plastic wrapping could be coming to an end.
Supermarket giant Tesco is removing plastic-wrapped fruit and veg from two stores in a new initiative.
Apples, mushrooms, peppers, onions, bananas and avocados are among the produce that will be available loose at Tesco Extra stores in Watford and Swindon.
A total of 45 foods wrapped in plastic will be removed and customers will be asked for their views.
Sarah Bradbury, Tesco’s director of quality, said: “We want to remove as much plastic as we can from our products, only using what is necessary to protect and preserve our food.
“We hope this trial proves popular with customers.
"We’ll be keeping a close eye on the results, including any impact on food waste.
The supermarket has also announced plans to ban hard-to-recycle plastics by the end of the year and making their packaging fully recyclable by 2025.
Tesco has also teamed up with Swindon-based firm ‘Recycling Technologies’ to launch a system that converts soft plastics back in to oil and is encouraging consumers to bring items not accepted by local authorities to 10 stores in Bristol and Swindon areas.
According to government reports, supermarkets are responsible for over 800,000 tonnes of plastic packaging each year and in the UK pay less towards collecting and recycling their plastic waste more than any other European country.
Taxpayers pay around 90 per cent of the cost and fewer than half of local councils provide on-street recycling bins.
Also, if marine plastic pollution continues to rise at its current rate, the amount of plastic

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.359388
Retrieved Text: Since one-third of world food is discarded, reducing food waste at home is a good way to save world resources and reduce your environmental footprint. Here are some simple tips that will help you reduce your food waste.
Shop smart – If you are someone that buys too much food and often throws expired food away, start off by making a list and shopping once weekly. Making a list will help you stay on track with what you really need and stop you from buying unnecessary items from the supermarket.
Store food correctly – Once you buy your fresh produce, store it correctly so that it lasts a lot longer. Vegetables like potatoes, tomatoes, garlic, cucumbers,and onions should never be refrigerated, instead, keep it at room temperature. Foods that produce ethylene gas should be kept separately to reduce other vegetables and fruits ripening.
Learn to preserve – Fermentingvegetable and fruits is a great way to preserve food for the rest of the year. For example when fruits like strawberries are in season, look at buying in excess and make jam or freeze it for smoothies and baking.
Don’t be a perfectionist – If you always look for perfect fruits and vegetables at the supermarket, stop and look at if the fresh food your buying is usable for your cooking needs. For example, if you are making a red sauce and need tomatoes, your tomatoes don’t need to look their best as they will be smashed and cooked anyway.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.348152
Retrieved Text: This wine stopper/pump is a really cool piece that works great!
This wine stopper saver is made of high quality Aluminum Alloy and food grade plastic. Fashionable, stylish and durable.
High performance. This wine stopper is easy to use; just insert the stopper into the bottle neck and pump to remove the air.
Air-tight seal keeps wine fresh, along with champagne and other carbonated drinks. Slow down the oxidation process and preserve your wine. Vacuum pump function keeps wine fresh for approximately 7 days.
* One size fits most standard wine bottles, keeps all kinds of wine or drink fresh much longer by removing all air from the bottle.
* Once the resistence increases until you can't pump any longer, the bottle is sealed.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.310493
Retrieved Text: While Kaweah Oaks Preserve is normally a place you go to hear the sounds of nature, for the next 6 to 8 weeks, you may also hear the sound of some heavy equipment there.
Thanks to a Cal Fire grant, SRT staff has been working to design a plan for dealing with tree die-off at the preserve, especially around the closed Valley Oak Trail in the northwest corner of KOP. After an extensive planning period, we've begun work removing dead trees and have a crew in that will masticate many of those trees - and make some noise in the process. The bigger chunks of wood will be left to rot in place, creating not only habitat for insects and animals, but working as a greenhouse gas sink as well.
We're happy to get this work done, and to be the only area in the Central Valley that received this grant for fuels reduction. Removing dead trees will of course help prevent fires from spreading. And sometime in the near future, the trail should be safe for visitors again, too, with the danger of falling tree limbs removed.
We're sorry that KOP might not be quite as peaceful as usual for a bit - but happy to be making the preserve a safer, more useful place for everyone.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.3059
Retrieved Text: Spearheaded by Mayor Robert Garcia and Councilman Dee Andrews, the City of Long Beach has identified $80,000 to help World Famous VIP Records, LLC preserve its iconic sign, Andrews’ office announced today.
The allocation is scheduled to be voted on by Long Beach City Council on Tuesday, May 9. If approved, the funds will assist World Famous VIP Records, LLC in removing the sign, transporting, restoring and storing it, while the sign’s future location is determined.
Almost 2,000 people signed VIP Records CEO Kelvin Anderson’s petition urging the City of Long Beach to preserve the store by designating it a historic landmark, donating city land or a building to move the sign and build the World-Famous VIP Museum and Creative Arts and Technology Center in early March.
Recently VIP Records started a petition to further preserve its legacy by keeping a 7-Eleven from moving into the now-vacant store. Almost 1,500 signatures have been collected. You can learn more about the petition here.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.275875
Retrieved Text: The days are getting shorter and autumn is moving in. Yet in our gardens and at our local farmers’ markets, we have an abundance of fresh produce. Did you know that you can preserve many of your favorite foods in olive oil and enjoy a bit of summer through the fall and winter?
For centuries, people have sought ways to preserve their food and reap the benefits of the harvest all year long. In many of the countries around the Mediterranean, one of the most natural ways to preserve food was, and still is, with olive oil. Olive oil can be used to preserve vegetables, meats, fish, cheese and herbs. My Italian family is especially adept at preserving sott'olio (meaning “under the oil”); my French friends remind me that the recipes are really à l’huile and in Spanish, the recipes are en aceite de oliva.
Why preserve in olive oil?
Olive oil is a natural preservative that prevents spoilage by isolating the food from air, providing a seal that can delay oxidation, deterioration and molding.
In the days before refrigeration, the summer months were perhaps the busiest time of year as people spent hours filling canning jars to preserve and store the summer’s bounty. Even today, many people enjoy canning their own fruits and vegetables, not only to preserve the fresh, home-grown taste, but also as a money-saving way to enjoy the best of the garden all year round. While there may be less need to preserve your own food, given the modern conveniences such as refrigeration, commercial cold storage,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 18.184454
Retrieved Text: Mangos are irresistible. Whether you serve them blended, fresh, sliced, canned, or dehydrated, they will find their way to satisfy you. On this post, we will focus on how to dehydrate mangos and why you would want to try them dried.
We dehydrate fruits to preserve their nutrients and flavors. They can serve as a healthy snack or add-ons to your cereal or bread. Fruit dehydration is a smart way of preservation and an option for long-term storage without consuming too much space on your fridge or your pantry.
Some fruits are available only at certain seasons so it is also one reason why you would want to preserve your favorite fruits until supplies are there, so you will have them preserved and put to use when it is already necessary. Also, preservation is also a way of saving some fruits from being thrown away because they are damaged or are ripening fast.
They say mangos can be preserved in a lot of ways, but why choose dehydration? First, you will not be required to cook, and it means nutrients will remain in the fruit. Dried mangos can serve as snacks, or can be used in cooking, desserts, and an add-on to your favorite cereal or bread. It will not use up too much space in your pantry, and you are not required to refrigerate them.
One more factor is the fact that you can actually save mangos which are not in their best condition anymore through the process of dehydration. Mangos with insect bites, those bruised, or those ripening

########
Rank: 20
Score: 18.123558
Retrieved Text: From time to time, we all experience ‘it” and by “it”, I mean mold and this video, “Removing Mold and Maintaining Your Tack – Part One” details how to preserve your investment and maximize safety for horse & rider.
As a saddle maker for the past 30+ years, I’ve seen more than my share of mold on fenders, straps, seats and billets. Not only is mold a frustrating and unsightly issue, it can also create a safety issues for both horse and rider. And let’s not forget the fact that mold can deteriorate the financial investment you have in your tack.
Over time, mold can cause leather components to disintegrate, crack, split and worse. With a little elbow grease, you can protect your financial investment and keep you and your horse safe.
I’ve created two videos which show me removing mold and cleaning and conditioning this particular customers saddle. If you follow these guidelines, you will find that mold dissipates quickly and easily and you will have your saddle looking good and working safely for years to come.
I’ve also created a saddle cleaning kit for dark saddles and a saddle cleaning kit for light oil saddles. Both kits contain everything you need to remove mold, clean and condition your saddle, leather halter, bridle/headstall, etc.. These kits contain the products and instructions you need to preserve your investment and improve safety for both you and your horse.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.085749
Retrieved Text: An extraction is a safe and comfortable means of removing a tooth from a patient’s smile. While we always strive to help our Des Moines, IA, patients preserve their natural teeth, ensuring optimal oral health sometimes means removing a tooth. When do we need to extract teeth, and what happens during this procedure?
Whether due to a sports injury, or simply biting down on a particularly tough piece of food, your teeth can develop cracks and fractures. Without treatment, this damage could lead to serious complications for your overall oral health. How do we repair cracked teeth and restore your smile’s health and beauty?
If you often experience headaches or pain in your jaw, then you may be suffering from the common symptoms of TMJ disorder. Without treatment, TMD may even cause problems opening and closing your mouth. Fortunately, we help patients in Des Moines, IA, with oral appliance therapy. How do custom-made appliances stop TMD and when should a patient see us for treatment?
How Does A Deep Cleaning Stop Gingivitis?
For a number of reasons, many of us will be likely to develop gum inflammation, also known as gingivitis. What can be done to protect smiles in Des Moines, IA, from gingivitis and other periodontal issues? We may suggest deep cleanings, also known as periodontal cleanings, to address these issues and help maintain optimal oral health.
If we asked you how much time has passed since your last checkup and cleaning, what would you say? A year? Two years or more? Often, people assume that checkups and cleanings are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.969963
Retrieved Text: The Hunterdon Land Trust owns nine properties throughout the county and plans management activities on each one to maintain public access, protect water quality, and provide valuable wildlife habitat.
One of the greatest stewardship challenges conservation organizations face is that posed by invasive species. Invasive species are those that are not naturally found in the local ecosystem, have few if any natural predators or controls, and cause environmental or economic harm. The Hunterdon Land Trust recently partnered with Carl Klingler of Klingler Excavation to remove invasive plants to restore a grassland meadow on the Zega Lockatong Preserve in Delaware Township.
Just beyond the trailhead near the 1878 iron truss bridge on Raven Rock-Rosemont Road, visitors walk through a 6.5-acre meadow maintained for kestrels, bluebirds, and other grassland birds. The Hunterdon Land Trust must actively manage the property in order to conserve the values of the meadow habitat. In recent years, invasive species, primarily multi-flora rose and autumn olive, have populated the field reducing native plant species and interrupting the grassland.
Multi-flora rose, native to Japan, is extremely prolific as it has been estimated that one plant can produce one million seeds each year which remain viable for decades. The rose is tolerant of many conditions and can spread quickly to form dense thickets that prevent native species from growing. This changes the landscape and reduces food sources for local wildlife. Similarly autumn olive, native to Asia, inhibits native plant growth through excessive shading as the shrubs can grow to 20 feet high. It grows quickly and germinates easily; therefore

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.909544
Retrieved Text: Freezing foods at the peak of ipeness is one of the best ways to preserve nutrients, flavors, and colors.
Although freezing extends the keeping time of food, quality will decrease when food exceeds its recommended storage time.
For optimal storage times visit the Food Freezing Guide from North Dakota State University.
Freezing is a simple and generally low-cost method of preserving food which can capture the flavor of fruits and vegetables at their peak. Like other methods of preservation, freezing extends access to seasonal produce but unlike some methods, freezing conserves the original taste without the addition of sugar, salt, or microbial cultures which would result in a change in taste.
Storing food below 0°F helps to slow chemical and biological reactions that contribute to nutrient, flavor, and color degradation in fresh fruits and vegetables. Freezing produce quickly after harvest or purchase allows for optimal nutrient and quality preservation.
Freezing preserves food by slowing the growth of microorganisms that can lead to spoilage and possible foodborne illness. When food thaws, bacterial growth continues, so it is important to maintain proper freezing temperatures of 0°F or below.
Chemical compounds in fresh foods, called enzymes, start to impact nutrient value immediately after harvest. To preserve optimal nutrition, most vegetables should be blanched before freezing to inactivate enzymes. Blanching also helps to maintain flavor and color during storage. For more information on blanching vegetables read the CSU Extension fact sheet: Freezing Vegetables.
Some fruits also require treatment before freezing to inactivate enzymes. Fruits that tend to brown when cut, like apples and pears, should be treated

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.868061
Retrieved Text: Private Preserve™ wine preserver is as important to a great glass of wine as the corkscrew. Private Preserve™ is number one in the world when it comes to keeping open bottles of wine fresh. This wine preserver uses inert gas to remove oxygen from wine bottles to prevent further oxidation, keeping open wines at their freshest… and it's easy to use.
Private Preserve is a simple way to slow the natural aging process and keep wines fresher longer. Air flows into a bottle when you pop the cork. Simply reinserting the cork will prevent a continuous flow of oxygen from entering the bottle and thus slow the oxidation of the contents. But the oxygen already inside will be enough to age the contents unless you spray in some Private Preserve.
PRIVATE PRESERVE replaces the air in a bottle with a balanced mixture of three gases* we naturally breathe. Private Preserve differs from fresh air because of what it lacks, oxygen and impurities.
Similar to how low temperatures keep food fresh longer in refrigerators, pumping Private Preserve into a bottle results in low oxygen levels and so keeps whatever is in the bottle fresh longer.
HOW WE USE PRIVATE PRESERVE - There are no rules. But, here are some ideas.
1. We always like to have a can of Private Preserve handy.
2. We generally spray in a few shots of Private Preserve after the first pour.
3. We do not decide if we will “finish the bottle” until we pour the last glass. We may drink only one glass and save the rest

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.866943
Retrieved Text: The brain is highly responsible in the psychological process. It adjusts / regulates emotions. However, after a specific event, the brain can be overwhelmed, which then stops the psyche. The brain will unload this overflow of tension on the organs and the emotions will penetrate the fibers, which will cause pain. This principle is called: somatization, a projection of emotional trouble into the body.
These emotional troubles also concern the youngest kids. Unable to speak out their uneasiness, their body will express pain through eczema for exemple.
Chinese traditional medicine claim that each part of the face are intimately linked to some organs. When one organ is damaged, the face will send signals under the form of cutaneous eruptions, redness, pimples or change of complexion.
A heavy consumption of can food, oils, sugar and alcohol will slow down the digestion and will impact the forehead skin. Privilege water consumption, raw food and avoid any type of liquor.
A congested liver can explain the appearance of pimples. To avoid those, do not drink alcohol, oily food and dairy products.
If the waste in the kidneys are not well eliminated, they will provok a swelling around the eye contour. This is the reason why it is highly suggested to drink at least 1,5L of water per day.
Skin disorders on the nose indicate a poor blood circulation and a high level of stress.
Asthma, pollution and smoking are the main causes. To avoid those, remove make-up at night and cleanse your skin daily. Of course, stop smoking.
Sugar, fatty food, coffee and liquor will damage your

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.847773
Retrieved Text: 1. Does the COOK-AIR BBQ come assembled?
The COOK-AIR BBQ is already assembled. All you have to do is fix the lid handle and you are ready for cooking.
2. What is the weight of the COOK-AIR BBQ?
The COOK-AIR BBQ weighs approximately 20 Lb (9 Kg) with accessories therefore making it easy to carry it around wherever you go.
3. How powerful is the COOK-AIR BBQ?
The COOK-AIR BBQ is equivalent to a BBQ that produce 65000 BTUs.
4. What is the cooking surface of the COOK-AIR BBQ?
The cooking surface is 14"inches in diameter (154 '' square inches), enough to cook 3 big porterhouse steaks or 8 hamburgers at the same time.
5. Is the COOK-AIR BBQ safe?
Yes. It does not use explosive fuel nor propane. It is also ready for cooking in less than 5 minutes.
6. Do I need to put my COOK-AIR BBQ on a special surface when in usage?
COOK-AIR BBQ is the safest grill on the market. Its base remains cold even though the cooking surface reaches temperatures over 1000F (540 C). Therefore, you can use your COOK-AIR BBQ grill on a plastic table for example.
7. What is the MAX temperature I can reach with my COOK-AIR BBQ?
Thanks to a new method of combustion, the COOK-AIR BBQ reaches a very high temperature of cooking in just 5 minutes. Its steady temperature easily exceeds 1000F (540 C). This makes the COOK-AIR BBQ the best grill on the market for cooking and searing meats.
8. What is the best temperature to sear and to keep the juices inside the meat?
A minimum temperature

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.846956
Retrieved Text: Ninja Smart Screen Blender and Food Processor with FreshVac Technology, 1400-Peak-Watt Base, 9 Auto-iQ Programs & Touchscreen Display (CT672V), Black – Exellent quality and price. When you need one of these you hardly can do without.
This Ninja that is ranked 1426 in the top most popular items in Amazon Best Sellers. The Ninja Smart Screen Blender and Food Processor with FreshVac Technology, 1400-Peak-Watt Base, 9 Auto-iQ Programs & Touchscreen Display (CT672V), Black are warranted 1 Year Manufacturers Product here are very good, at reasonable prices and are rapidly transported: Usually ships in 24 hours.
FreshVac Technology: The easy-to-use, one-touch, FreshVac Pump is designed to preserve vitamins, flavors, and colors by removing oxygen from your single cup or full-sized blender. Enjoy long-lasting drinks and smoothies with less foam and separation as compared to traditional blending mode.
9 Pre-Set Auto-iQ Programs: Smart Touchscreen reveals each vessel’s Chef designed, automatic pre-set recipe programs.
Touchscreen Blender: Easy to clean, long lasting, and intuitive.
72 oz. FreshVac Pitcher: Transforms your favorite ingredients into smoothies, dips, and more with the Total Crushing Blades.
20 oz. Single-Serve FreshVac Cup for Nutrient & Vitamin Extraction*. The powerful Pro Extractor Blades Assembly breaks down tough ingredients. *Extract a drink containing vitamins and nutrients from fruits and vegetables.
40 oz. Precision Processor: The Stacked Blades enable you to precisely chop, puree, mix, and even make dough.
The slicing/shredding disc for the food processor allows for quick and consistent prep of your favorite veggies.
What is the Ninja Smart Screen Blender and Food Processor with FreshVac Technology, 1400-Peak-Watt Base, 9 Auto-iQ Programs & Touchscreen Display

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.808172
Retrieved Text: A vacuum sealer is one of the most popular type of kitchen device used today because of the features and its importance. Whether one is looking to preserve food or store it for the long haul, a vacuum sealer comes in handy. Before buying any food saver, it’s essential to know what features to look for and ways to maintain it. VacuumSealerLand.com has great advice and reviews of latest vacuum sealers to help you make the right choice.
If stuck on whether to invest in a vacuum sealer, here are some several reasons to convince you.
Food preservation doesn’t begin with left-overs on the table. Buying in bulk is not only cheaper, it also reduces your trips to the local farmers market. Moreover, one can still preserve the freshness of their supplies by placing their produce in a vacuum sealer. What’s more, one can protect their perishable food from freezer burn by vacuum sealing.
Freezing some foods can take away their flavor and taste. Using a vacuum sealer ensures that you get to enjoy the taste of the favorite foods two months later. For individuals who’d rather freeze their food, place it first in a food saver and refrigerate it later to preserve the taste.
This is one of the creative and interesting ways to use a vacuum sealer. You don’t have to spend money on quality steak when you can enjoy dry aged beef at home. Seal your beef for some time and enjoy the flavorful taste and texture of quality beef.
Busy career people do not have time to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.781746
Retrieved Text: As preppers, we know that we need to keep stockpiles of food to survive a crisis, but there’s one problem…Unlike the rest of our survival gear, food is something that needs to be continually replaced.
Most American households buy more food than they need, and that excess food turns into waste.
This wasted food costs you money every year, and when SHTF, you’ll need to rotate your food anyway, so why not learn a few tricks now while you still have time?
A British non-profit called the Waste and Resources Action Programme (WRAP) put together a list of the most frequently wasted foods in the U.K. Waste from the U.K. is probably very similar to ours, so we can use this list to get a good idea of what the most commonly wasted foods are.
Just because you have food that’s starting to go bad doesn’t mean you can’t use it. Here are 6 simple uses for old food that you would have otherwise thrown out.
Use Over-ripe Bananas to Make Banana Bread: Bananas have a very short shelf life, so it’s no surprise that so many get thrown away each year.
Over-ripe bananas are mushy and nasty on their own, but bake them into delicious banana bread and you can get more use out of them.
Make Home-made Croutons Out of Stale Bread: If your bread is starting to go stale, you can salvage it by making home-made croutons before they get moldy.
It’s easy to make croutons. Cut the bread into little squares, drizzle olive oil, sprinkle salt and any herbs you

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What are two ways you can save food?" and the following answer choices: 
- Fully cooking the oysters
 - Burning fuel and air
 - Bread it and fry it
 - Water it down and drink it
 - converting electricity to heat
 - lowered energy cost
 - Dehydration and salting
 - Burn it and throw it away

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and to preserve a food by salting, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Dehydration and salting

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.80489
Retrieved Text: The costs of owning a pet can soon mount up, and although most dog owners would say that the money is well spent, it’s still handy to find new ways to save. One way that more dog owners are trying is to make your own dog food, which may sound messy, but can actually save you a considerable amount of cash!
This graphic will show you how to make a batch of nutritious dog food in just two simple steps, and while you’ll save around £6 a week, you’ll soon find that there are more than just financial benefits to eschewing the shop-bought brands.
That’s because home-made dog food contains no nasty additives and preservatives, leading to fewer upset stomachs, improved skin and coat condition and healthier teeth and ears. In the long run, that means less expensive trips to the vet too, so what are you waiting for? Pamper your pooch with some home cooking today!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.712875
Retrieved Text: ✓ Do vitamin supplements really work?
✓ How safe is our food?
✓ Which drugs might do more harm than good?
✓ The best ways to detox, lose weight and keep it off!
Two great DVDs from the Food Matters directors that may well change your life! Both these hard-hitting films are set to change the way you see food and the health industry!
Are you sick and tired of the confusion surrounding food? Want to feel good and prevent or reverse illness and disease? Join the leaders in nutrition and natural healing from around the globe in a mission to uncover the truth…What Food Matters will teach you is that you could save your life, or that of someone you love.
'Food Matters' features interviews with leading health experts who reveal the best natural healing choices you can make for you and your family's health. In the film you'll discover what works, what doesn't and what’s potentially killing you when it comes to your health.
- Do vitamin supplements really work?
- How safe is our food?
- Which drugs might do more harm than good?
- The best ways to detox, lose weight and keep it off!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 21.250727
Retrieved Text: BUY TODAY’S MEALS FOR HALF PRICE!
Browse top deals from local restaurants (up to -70%).
Pick up your LUNCHIE meal from the restaurant by showing and redeeming your order.
Enjoy and share quality meals while saving time, money and environment.
TASTE SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY!
Lunchie Market allows you to easily discover new restaurants and dishes at discounted prices, wherever you are.
Lunchie Market allows you to easily discover new restaurants and foods at discounted prices, wherever you are.
Our app offers affordable, versatile meals that you can buy directly from the app. Pick up your LUNCHIE at your convenience, perhaps on your way home from work!
Lunchie Market is an affordable opportunity to taste something new everyday.
Lunchie Market is a marketplace for quality surplus food and it offers local restaurants the opportunity to reduce food wastage. That way they can help save the world for future generations. Food made with great ingredients and love deserves to be enjoyed.
Lunchies purchased via the application will significantly reduce the amount of the restaurant’s food wastage.
With Offers restaurants market and sell special deals to Lunchie Market users. It could be a romantic dinner for two or a lunch for a family, possibilities are endless!
Restaurants market and sell their own unique products to the app’s users.
We know the value of family time.
By buying Lunchie Market’s affordable meals you can save a great amount of money.
Wasting food is one of the many ways humans are destroying the world. Lunchie Market app lets you buy leftover restaurant food for a low price.
Lunchies purchased through the application will dramatically cut the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.973024
Retrieved Text: Do new year's resolutions have you reviewing all aspects of your life? Are you considering a new exercise program? Are you quitting smoking? Spending more time with a loved one? Or are you planning to work more? How about deciding to be healthier? What about deciding to save more money? Well if those last two ideas peeked your interest, you are in luck. I too want to be healthier and save money.
2016 is here, and it's time to find ways to feed my family of five with healthier meals and snacks of high quality freshness Many people do not know you can save money while buying fresh foods, healthy snacks and high quality organics I do it all the time, and in the next year I plan to do even more Join us as I share ways to save and be healthy with your grocery shopping.
1. Use coupons! There are websites for organic items. Print these out on a regular basis and include them in your coupon stash. Some of the best sites are: Mambo Sprouts, Saving Naturally, Organic Deals, Organicfoodcoupons, Healthesavers, You can also email companies direct and ask for coupons for products you wish to buy in 2016.
2. Do some meal planning. It helps when you know exactly what you will need this week to prepare meals and how you can best utilize the exact amounts your family wants. Write it all down! It's old fashioned, but it works. Writing your meal plan will keep you on track and help you sort out what

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.856276
Retrieved Text: Part of frugal living consists of making it yourself. Since we were looking for ways to save money, I rounded a up a list of 17 simple DIY Projects for frugal living.
There are other ways to be frugal other than DIY Projects. Learn how to be frugal with your food (10 ways to save on groceries), in your finances, or read this list on different ways you can be frugal!
What DIY project have you done to help you save money?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.834654
Retrieved Text: We spend tons of money on food and we even overspend money too. Too much! To save money on grocery shopping many save thousands of dollars by doing something you might not even know.
Keep reading because it's going to get better!
We all know about extreme couponing. We all know about cash rebate apps. But what about crazy ways to save money grocery shopping?
What many people won’t tell you is that there are ways to save money that you may not have thought of. Best of all, you don’t have to clip coupons if you don’t want to or don’t have time to. Let’s look at some crazy ways to save money grocery shopping.
It is a simple way you can start doing each week you go shopping and will save you money!
Think about it this way, many people succeed in their goals because they do things differently than what others expect. The same can be said about the way you grocery shop!
Think outside of the box and stop following the grocery shopping expectation and wasting your hard earned money. So, what are these crazy ways to save money grocery shopping you should start doing today?
Liquidators are companies that purchase good and products from closing companies with the intent to resell.
Liquidators, sometimes known as grocery outlets, are an amazing place to save money grocery shopping. Many people think that these stores are only filled with dented cans and expired food.
This couldn’t be further from the truth. While many foods are close to expiring (and some are expired), you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.198385
Retrieved Text: There are many ways that you can save money on groceries. Cutting coupons is a great way to save money. There are also other ways that would work nicely to keep you in your budget for food shopping.
Since we are a family of six, we have to plan carefully for our food budget every month. I have favorite meals that I usually make at least once a month.
Here are 3 simple tips to help you with grocery shopping.
This might sound great, but it can be a lot harder to implement. With six people in the house, it becomes obvious really quickly that we all have different tastes.
For planning meals, I tend to stay to what I know everyone will eat and what is usually cheap. This leaves enough room for some play on changing up recipes or being inventive on what you buy.
Our usual meal plan includes mac and cheese, spaghetti, lots of soup, and lots of rice and veggies.
These meals tend to be quick, easy, and fairly cheap.
Create a limit of how much money you can spend on food. We do this anyway since we currently only have one income.
We have to carefully budget out our money for the month and part of that includes figuring out how much we can spend on food.
This allows us to be quite a bit more careful when we go shopping. We tend to avoid fast food runs unless we have the extra cash, and we are selective about what foods we buy.
Since there are six of us in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.106596
Retrieved Text: We look at which is a better way to save and compare stokvels and savings accounts.
University education doesn’t come cheap, so if you want your child to have the best start in their adult life, you should start saving as soon as possible.
December doesn’t have to equal debt. Find ways to enjoy the holidays without spending piles of money. Here are some suggestions.
Saving the planet and saving money often go hand in hand. Here are some small steps you can take to achieve both.
Black Friday brings with it the promise of super savings, but also the threat of bottoming out your bank balance. Here’s how to make sure you get the best out of the Black.
What are the best ways to save on water and electricity consumption? We cut through the myths to bring you the facts.
Trying to keep the spiralling costs of food under control? These food swaps will save you money AND keep you healthier.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.036226
Retrieved Text: The 2013 World Environment Day theme is Think.Eat.Save.&nbsp;This anti-food waste and food loss campaign encourages you to reduce your foodprint.
World Environment Day is run by the United Nations Environment Programme and is celebrated every year on 5 June to raise global awareness of the need to take positive environmental action.
On average, Australians like a lot of meat and dairy on their plates—but these are the most resource intensive foods and also produce the most greenhouse gas emissions. You don't have to become a vegetarian or a vegan; just eat them less often, in smaller portions.
Reducing dairy by just 2 cups of milk (or equivalent) per week can save 13,000 litres of water and 250kg of greenhouse pollution a year.
Organic food refers to food that is farmed using renewable resources, chemical-free pest control and fertilisers, and practices that maintain good quality soil and water. It also refers to livestock that is raised responsibly — that is, using practices that are natural and inline with animal welfare. Look for the Certified Australian Organic label when you shop.
There's nothing more Australian than prawns on the barbie or fish ‘n' chips at the beach. However, when choosing seafood, try choosing products that are fished or farmed in an environmentally responsible way. The Marine Stewardship Council certifies sustainably managed fisheries, so look for the MSC label when you're buying your seafood.
Shop at farmers' markets, buy foods that have a ‘Product of Australia' label and choose foods that are in season. You will reduce your food miles, ecological footprint and your food

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.937159
Retrieved Text: Conserving water and reducing the cost of your monthly water consumption seems to be the talk of every household. But this trend is not new. People in the early 1950s started this kind of action by installing shower heads that only consumes a small quantity of water.
Aside from the financial benefits, conserving water is also a great and environment-friendly practice. According to studies, the Earth’s natural resources are quickly depleting, and water is no exception. Therefore, it is an urgent case that we conserve water and save the planet.
Here are some ways that you should take to reduce your water consumption in your household. So take time to read!
If you want to save water, you need to discipline yourself in the way you take your showers. Old shower heads can use up 2.5 gallons of water per minute while using bathtubs can consume more or less 36 gallons.
Of course, that tells you that the longer you stay in the shower, the more money it will cost you in your monthly water bills. So it is high time to cut your shower time.
There are many ways of conserving water, and one of them is replacing your old toilet bowl with a water-efficient one. Yes, toilet bowls nowadays have a feature that will let you consume only a small quantity of water per flush.
As per Save Our Water study, replacing your toilet bowl with a new one will save you 19 gallons per person a day. That is a lot of water savings as well as money savings.
Related

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.930946
Retrieved Text: I am software engineer and 7lac per annum. 30% of my salary goes as tax deduction. I want to reduce my tax deduction. How can I save tax from my salary? What all savings are available which has tax exemption? Can anybody help me in this?
How much investment proof to be shown for 2.5 Lakhs as CTC?
Re: How can I save tax from my salary? What all savings are available which has tax exemption?
so now you belong to 20% slab.
There are many ways through which you can save rather deduce your tax amount.
One of them is to have an EMI.
If you have a loan on your name for a flat , or care or something , than you get tax deduction in your payment.
Also if you are part of an NGO and are donating something(Money) than by giving that donation slip will also get your tax reduce.
There are many other ways to get tax deduced , I am pretty sure that the Finance department of your company will know more about it .
So you can go and ask them.
You are now paying 20% tax to the government.
You can reduce the tax in following ways.
you can go for Voluntary provident fund by which you can save 1lakh under 80C.
You can get a loan like housing, vehicle and pay back the interest which is free from tax.
You can get food coupons given by your company.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.814621
Retrieved Text: Many times, the biggest budget killers are actually small in nature. While your responsible side may pipe up to stop you from splurging on an expensive new dress, it probably stays quiet when you pay for a heavily marked up stick of gum at the gas station.
No one wants to be a penny pincher, but those little expenses do add up – and nowhere is that more apparent than with food. It’s easy for busy adults to justify eating takeout and frozen meals for simplicity’s sake, but those decisions seem a lot less harmless when you look at the big picture.
Developing frugal food habits is one of the best ways to cut your daily expenses, and even little changes could save you hundreds by the end of the year. Read on to see our favorite tips.
While the claim that eating healthy is more expensive has been debunked, many people still find it hard to justify the costs of buying fresh produce. The solution? Buy frozen fruits and vegetables.
Not only are they often more nutritious, but you don’t have to worry about them going bad as quickly. Cutting food costs is often related to food waste, so the less food you have to throw out, the less you’ll have to buy.
If your focus is to eliminate food waste, plan your meals not based on what you’re craving, but on what you already have. With this approach, you treat leftover food like a retail manager treats inventory, cycling through everything regularly.
There websites such as recipematcher where you can

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.70143
Retrieved Text: So, you’ve decided it’s time to start saving money…GREAT! There are literally hundreds of ways you and your family can cut your budget left and right without feeling like you’re making huge sacrifices.
There are just so many things we spend money on for convenience or just because we don’t know there’s a cheaper alternative available (or we haven’t even weighed out our options). These little ways to save money can really help you save big-time!
When I first started working from home, I knew we were going to have to come up with a plan to really ramp up our savings. We had some really important goals (like getting out of debt and simply make ends meet on one regular income) and to be honest, I wasn’t sure how we were going to make that happen.
I’ve always considered myself pretty frugal, but I was surprised at how many simple ways to save money I found when I really started looking. There are ways to save on utilities and ways to save on food and groceries, and we even found discounts on entertainment. There were so many ways to save money!
Now, there can be a real tendency to want to take on everything at once. Then what happens? You try to “do all the things!” and you end up discouraged and overwhelmed when you hit a roadblock or bump in the road. DON’T GET DISCOURAGED!
Take small steps. Pick two or three items off this list to start, and see if you can painlessly implement them into your weekly

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.614748
Retrieved Text: Home » Community » Blog » November 2017 » Want an extra $150 or more per month?
Want an extra $150 or more per month?
Everyone is looking for ways to have just a little more money per month to pay down debt, save a little more or have it to spend on necessities. It might be easier than you think to find $50 or even $150 in savings per month. See below for ideas on where to start looking.
Where is the first place to start looking for extra money?
It starts with grocery shopping. If you use coupons you can generally save $5 – 10 per week and combine that with a loyalty card and you can add another $5 - 10 per week in savings. Most families of four can save $60 or more per month.
Is there any other way to save on groceries?
Yes, the biggest is to shop with a list after preparing your weekly meal plan. Too often people stock up on groceries and then decide on a meal plan. This leads to some food being thrown out because it’s not eaten in a timely manner. It is estimated that a family of four throws out at least $30 per month of food.
Are there daily habits that can become costly as well?
Two of the biggest are the stopping for gourmet coffee and/or eating out for lunch every day. Have a coffee at work and brown bag it twice per week and the savings will add up. Just cutting both of these back by two times

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.532318
Retrieved Text: Every family could use more money in the monthly budget, right? With the rising costs of food, gas, and clothes, it can be tough to save money for the future, especially if you have a large family. And if you have a new baby on the way, it can cost a lot just to get the house ready!
Want to sock away even more cash? Be sure to read this list of over 30 smart ways to save money!
1. Teach your kids for less with this list of over 20 free homeschool programs!
2. Learn how to save money on groceries and cut your grocery bill!
3. Hate coupons? Read how to save money without couponing at all!
4. Plan a family trip on a budget with these frugal family vacation ideas!
5. Spend less on your family’s food with these tips on how to spend less at Kroger!
6. Want to stay at home with the kids? Learn how to survive on a single income!
7. Decorate your home for autumn without spending a lot with these budget fall decor ideas!
8. See how to use the deep freezer to save money and build your food stash at the same time!
9. Spend some time with your spouse using these cheap summer date ideas!
10. Get fit without breaking the bank with these tips on how to save money at the gym!
11. Can’t afford to get away this year? See how to plan a staycation your family will love!
12. If you have a new baby on the way, you’ll love these ways to save on

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.523098
Retrieved Text: This can be a difficult question to answer because the circumstances are different for everyone. Some people have a lot of time to sit and clip coupons, research sales, and travel to different stores to get the best deals. Others do not have this type of time to dedicate to couponing. They instead would rather pay more at the store to have more time available for other things.
The thing to remember about couponing is that it is not black and white. You do not have to be an extreme couponer to save at the grocery store. If you are one who wants to save money but cannot commit the time to couponing, there is a happy medium. The key is to start off slowly. Quickly glance through the newspaper to see if there are any coupons that you can use. Look for coupon dispensers in the store while you are shopping. Doing it this way does not take up too much time and saves you some money on a few items you would buy anyway. From here, you can then decide how much time, if any, you would like to dedicate to saving money at the store. In a nutshell, couponing can definitely be worth it as long as it fits comfortably in your lifestyle.
What Are Other Ways To Save On Groceries?
The good thing is that you do not necessarily need couponing in order to save money on your grocery bill. There are a few strategies you can implement today that will save you money without

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.48506
Retrieved Text: Use coupons. Getting coupons by answers.com can help you start saving immediately.
Okay, we made it to a hundred ways to save money. Maybe a little overlap but overall some good money saving tips that you can apply to your everyday life.
I agree with this one. I used to think my money grows with interest. Truth is, bank fees can eat into your savings.
#98 Buy a deep freeze can save money.
Grow your own food, fix things yourself, make homemade gifts for your friends and family. Everything you can do yourself is a way to save money.
I save money by switching off the engine of my car. It saves me a lot of money. Also, I am taking care of air pollution in this manner.
Thanks mate for sharing such a nice piece of information.
Economic slowdown has spread its wings. All of the major economies of the world are under deep economic crisis. The governments and banks are making numerous efforts to revive economies but no one is concerned about the common man. This article has shown some fruitful ways to save money.
I believe that these ideas must be spread and taken into practice as they can improve savings and it can lead to revival of the economy further.
“Go on a diet and save money on food” Thats just another reason for me to go on another diet!
Now that’s a pretty big list of useful tips. I’ve checked for myself to see how many of them apply to me, and where I could improve. I do use some of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.455042
Retrieved Text: Are you thinking about selling your home? Frugal Frieda shares some insight about what you need to know before you do.
Frugal Frieda explains how you can protect yourself from fraud.
Frugal Frieda shares tips to help you save not only water, but also money around your home.
If your food budget is tight, you have to think of creative ways to stretch your dollars further. Frugal Frieda shares how you can use tomatoes in 3 ways!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.410599
Retrieved Text: How to save money on food shopping when backpacking New Zealand.
Compared to some other countries, food in New Zealand can seem pretty expensive. Some backpackers want to claw their eyes out when they see the price of dairy products, for instance. But, alas! We have found a few money-saving solutions when food shopping in NZ! So take a look at these ways to save money on food when backpacking in New Zealand!
For more ways to stick to a food budget, follow our tips on where to buy food from in New Zealand and check out some of our recipes like 10 Easy Meals to Cook in a Hostel in 10 Minutes.
Every hostel in New Zealand has a kitchen. Use it and save! Here are some easy meals to cook in a hostel, if you need inspiration.
For the love of backpacking, check the price per kg on every item! Price and packaging can be very misleading but supermarkets will tell you the price per weight or quantity as a tiny price in the corner of the food label.
Backpackers who leave their food behind in a hostel practically donate to other backpackers. The best time to rummage is after 10am (check out time) every day.
It’s pretty hard to cook for just one person so keep quantities to a minimum and save and eat any leftovers. Everything in the bin is money out of your pocket. However, it’s best to store food in your own food container rather than bowls and pots in the hostel. For more hostel etiquette,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.375938
Retrieved Text: You always need to look for ways to save yourself money in daily life. The cost of living has become more expensive nowadays, and it’s more difficult to make ends meet. In order to fight the post-recession crunch, you need to make sure you cut down on your expenses where possible.
Have a look at these five ideas and use them to save yourself some cash in your day to day life.
Okay, so one of the biggest lifestyle expenses for everyone is food. A great way for you to cut costs here would be to start dieting, or at least switch to a healthy diet. Simply exercising portion control will help you to save valuable money as well as being healthier for you. You don’t have to observe one of those fad diets, but try cutting down abnormally large portion sizes.
Keeping fit and healthy is an essential part of our lifestyles. Because of this it’s important to exercise regularly. The problem is, going to the gym can often be expensive, and you’re looking to save money wherever you can. So the best way to do this is to come up with your own exercise regimen, preferably one that’s free of charge. You can do this in several ways, the most effective being to go running or cycling.
We all know how expensive drugs and medication can be. If you’re ill or you need to take a lot of medicine, these costs soon mount up. It might seem like there’s not a lot you can do about the situation.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.374172
Retrieved Text: Ah, New York City! One of the most beautiful cities in the world, but also among the most expensive ones. If you are living on a tight budget, you must think that moving and living in New York is impossible for you. While in some cases this might be true, you shouldn`t throw in the towel just yet. Because up until now, little did you know that there are many ways to save money in the Big Apple. Surely some of them must be the right fit for you!
There are ways to make the City of Dreams affordable and save money while living in it.
If we had to choose only one item on our list we consider to be the most important one, this is the one we would choose. As experienced NYC movers, we know that the biggest expense in your monthly budget will be the rent/mortgage. Luckily, there is a golden rule when it comes to deciding on the monthly amount you can afford for rent. Rumor has it that you should never spend more than 30 percent of your monthly income on rent. Moreover, some even consider that the boundary should be much lower than 30 percent. Ultimately, you are the one who decides but do bear this in mind. So, how else can you save money on housing in the Big Apple?
Manhattan is not the only place in New York. Finding suitable housing in some other NYC boroughs will result in you saving a considerable amount of money.
It is a good idea

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.307564
Retrieved Text: There are simple ways to cut your food waste – and save money.
Make a meal plan for the week and always check what’s in the fridge, freezer and pantry before shopping. Try and stick to your list, don't be sucked in by specials or two-for-one offers because that's often what causes us to overbuy and then waste food.
Keep items with a short lifespan, like bread and even milk, in the freezer. Check the use by dates of all food often and if it's getting close – freeze to save. Try to cook from the freezer at least once a week and use up food stocks within six months.
Pasta, rice dishes and soups are perfect for lunches. Keep cold with an ice brick and insulated lunchbox or warm with a screw top thermos. Make sure you include reusable cutlery to cut down on rubbish and waste.
Leftover vegetables can be used in so many ways including homemade pizzas, stir-fries, pasta sauces, soups, omelettes and frittatas, and casseroles, curries and stews.
Fruit and vegetables (except bananas and pineapple which should be kept at room temperature) are best stored in the fridge to make them last longer.
Keep ham, other cured meats and all cheeses in the fridge either in their original packaging or separate tightly sealed containers. Eggs also last much longer in the fridge.
Your recipe calls for quinoa but you only have brown rice or cauliflower. Be brave and learn that by substituting similar ingredients you can still create great meals and make use of the ingredients you have to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.291357
Retrieved Text: Follow these tips and you'll cut your grocery bill down. See more pictures of fruit.
Knowing how much money to spend on food is tough job for anyone in charge of managing the family budget. If you ask experts, you'll get an answer that falls anywhere between five and 15 percent of your overall household budget. The Bureau of Labor Statistics say the average is 12.5 percent, while the Department of Agriculture chimes in at 9.8 percent [source: AP]. What can be taken from this discrepancy is that food spending is one of the more discretionary line items in any family budget. You can inexpensively feed your kids instant soup and white bread or you can shop for organic vegetables and grass-fed beef on the other side of the money spectrum. So what's right for you may not satisfy your neighbor. But any way you cut it, spending money on groceries instead of in a restaurant is a great way to save money each month.
When it comes to shopping for groceries, there are many ways to trim your bill. You should start with a simple method that would make your mom proud -- use coupons. If you aren't an experienced coupon user, the best place to start is by trolling through your local Sunday newspaper. This is where you can strike coupon gold. Look for "buy one, get one free" coupons on items your family regularly enjoys. Also, check with your local grocery store to find out if they have double-coupon days. This is a great way

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.279976
Retrieved Text: There are many ways you can show your support to Save-a-Bull even if you don’t have time to volunteer or foster. Through the sale of our own products and through participation in third party partner programs, Save-a-Bull counts on these fundraising efforts to provide our dogs with vaccines, food, spay/neuter, life-saving surgeries and so much more!
Programs from these partners also help support rescue. There are so many ways to lend a helping paw!
Then share, comment and like our posts daily. Every time you interact with one of our posts you increase the likelihood that hundreds of new eyes will see it and learn about what we’re doing. Your networks can increase our reach by literally thousands of views each day – let’s make positive pit bulls go viral!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.249834
Retrieved Text: Moving to university is the first time most of us have lived away from our parents. Although it’s an exciting time, it also means we have to take a lot of responsibilities. Before I moved to Worcester, I absolutely hated helping with the grocery shopping at home. It seemed so boring, but having control over your food shopping and what goes in your trolley can be fun.
Around Worcester there are plenty of supermarkets you can visit; there is The Co-op, Sainsbury’s, Asda, Iceland, Aldi, Tesco Express and plenty of little corner shops too.
Shop around. Don’t just go to one shop. As there is plenty of choice for food shops in Worcester, they all compete with their prices and offers, helping us get the best deals.
Get loyalty cards. A Nectar card for Sainsbury’s entitles us to plenty of vouchers to help with our shop. As does The Co-op card.
Don’t shop alone. Sharing food is one of the best ways to save money and stop wasting it. Bread goes out of date very quick, so sharing stops us wasting half that loaf because it’s blue. Sometimes it’s cheaper to buy more, like buying a massive bag of pasta to share instead of a little one each. Also plenty of super markets have offers buy one get one free, where we might not need two of the same thing, doing it with a friend means you save the money and only get what you need.
Write a list. Check what you actually need, as much as Asda or Sainsbury’s might

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.210863
Retrieved Text: Try our tips to reduce food waste and save money while helping the environment.
Instead of throwing your leftover food away, why not look at household waste recycling instead? Here we’ll look at some food waste facts and ways you can make use of the food you’d normally throw away.
Food waste is the surplus food from both the process of providing us with food in the supermarket and also leftovers from meals and food we don’t use at home.
Why do we need to reduce food waste?
Food wastage is a hot topic and there are many reasons why we should be aiming to reduce our own personal waste – such as saving money and protecting the environment. Here are a few food waste facts, courtesy of fareshare.org.uk, which will help you understand the scale of the problem.
Businesses which supply us with food waste 1.9 million tonnes a year. That’s for the UK alone.
Thanks to over-production, labelling errors or short shelf-life dates, 250,000 tonnes of perfectly edible food goes to waste a year.
When it comes to kitchen waste disposal, it is so easy to just think that we should throw it all away. Instead we’ll show you how to recycle food waste in order to save money and the environment.
Store your food so it keeps for longer.
Check the temperature of your fridge, invest in a potato bag, and keep your food in good condition for longer.
Use all the “ugly” fruits and veg.
Once they are peeled, chopped and cooked they all look the same anyway!
Use all the ends, peels, stalks

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.182013
Retrieved Text: A while back I wrote a post about how to save money in your 20's, which its really for any age really! But I have since found even more ways. I really love saving money guys. Some are repeats but these are my tried and true ways!
1. Digit - This is an app where it uses your bank account, studies it, and will pull money every couple days. The algorithm is meant to take money that you really wont even know has gone missing a $10 here, $5 there and it really adds up. I have been using it for about 2 weeks and have already saved $160. You can withdraw the money at any time and save a lot or a little!
2. Ebates - This is another really awesome one because you can get cash back for SO many sites and you get a check every 3 months. You can get $10 just for signing up! Its a little thing, but for big purchases, or around the holidays it racks up quickly. And you often get a gift card when you sign up!
** Here's one more way to save money. Honey, a chrome extension that will surf the web for coupons and find the one that saves you the most money. I can't tell you how much money this has saved me!
3. Ibotta - Is a way to save money for groceries where you take a picture of your receipt and the item for certain things. It can be time consuming but its an easy

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.122517
Retrieved Text: Facilitates buying in bulk. One of the best ways to save money on groceries is to buy bulk items at a discount. However, this doesn’t work if the food goes bad before you can eat it. If you use a food dehydrator to dry the food then it won’t go bad which means that you can more efficiently buy affordable food in bulk.
Reduces spending on costly items. You can use a food dehydrator to make your own herbs, spices, dried fruits and camping food. All of these are expensive items when you buy them in the store but you end up paying just a fraction of the cost when you dehydrate them yourself.
Increases the likelihood that you’ll make healthy food choices. A lot of people use their food dehydrator to make healthy foods, support raw food diets and go vegetarian. If you do this then you’ll be healthier which reduces the money you spend on medical care. That’s a big savings – and an important step for your life!
Gives you a gift you can always give. You can save a lot of money on gifts for others by using your food dehydrator to make homemade foods for people. I love homemade gifts so I especially love this point!
Can even be a money maker. A smart person will further increase the savings of a food dehydrator by actually using it to make money. This can be done by selling dried foods, offering classes in food dehydrator use or writing articles about your dehydrator.
So, what do you think

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.0929
Retrieved Text: SALT LAKE CITY — March is National Nutrition Month, and this year's theme is to "Go Further with Food" with the focus being on reducing food waste.
I’m a firm believer in environmental wellness fitting into our overall wellness and health. Our physical and social environments can either improve our wellness or detract from it.
One of the controllable elements of our physical environment is actually taking care of it. Each time I go for a rejuvenating walk, I’m amazed by the glory of the world around me. I’d like to, and feel obligated to, give just a bit back to keep it that way.
Reducing food waste is something we can do to improve our physical and social environment in so many ways.
To get started, here are a few stats from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Environmental Protection Agency to put this all in perspective.
Americans waste 38 million tons of food each year that goes straight to the landfills to sit and produce greenhouse gasses.
About 1/3 of globally produced food goes uneaten. This equals about $1 trillion in wasted food.
Food waste can be related to calories by: 1 in 4 calories produced goes uneaten.
1. Use food scraps in cooking.
Food scrap meals are a big deal, even so that famous New York City chefs use them in their menus. One built his menu off of using food scraps, and New Yorkers flocked to his pop-up restaurant. I think he’s on to something!
Stephanie of Grateful Grazer blog shares her best tips for turning your vegetable scraps into a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.092085
Retrieved Text: Our nutrition coaches swear by the power of meal prepping. It’s the ultimate way to save time, save money, and eat better—all in one fell swoop.If you’re new to meal prepping, we’ve outlined a few simple steps to get you started. These tips and tricks will help guarantee a successful first run (and some Instagram-worthy #mealprepping pics).
The first step is to invest in quality food containers. Glass containers tend to be easier to clean, while plastic ones are usually lighter. If you choose plastic, consider getting ones without BPA, which is a chemical that can leach into food. Get containers that are large enough to hold a full meal, but not too big to carry around. Bonus points if they’re stackable, so you can save room in your fridge.
A common misconception about meal planning is that every meal and snack should be planned out for the whole week. This may work for some people, but it may be daunting for others. If this is your first foray into meal prep, start small and get the hang of it, then build on your progress.
That could mean prepping just two days' worth of lunches or dinners. Or you could prep certain components, like a big batch of veggies or whole grains, which you can complement with ready-made proteins.
Sunday is the most popular day for meal prepping because you can grocery shop and cook in the same day. But if you’d rather not spend your entire Sunday in the kitchen, that’s OK too. Perhaps Tuesday evenings are better for

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What does salting food do to it?" and the following answer choices: 
- decrease stamina
 - evaporation
 - hydration
 - Preserves it
 - Causes bacteria to spread
 - chemical changes
 - Causes it to rot
 - Cooks it

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and foods usually were covered with copious quantities of salt or saturated salt brine, and the salt was allowed to infuse into the tissue while dehydrating the product, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Preserves it

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.095064
Retrieved Text: Backyard Aquaponics • View topic - A Whole new angle on salting Trout.
A Whole new angle on salting Trout.
Post subject: A Whole new angle on salting Trout.
Herbs and butter etc. as required.
Pack cavity of fish with remaining herbs and butter etc.
Cover base of baking tray with a thin layer of mixture.
Crack open hard salt crust with a hammer and remove chunks before serving.
Photo's courtesy of the WWW.
Post subject: Re: A Whole new angle on salting Trout.
That looks like a lot of salt. 3 kg for one trout?
Yeah, I recon I'll use sea salt.
$0.33 / kg from Bunnings.
It'll cost more for the eggs.
Recipe also called for 2.5 kg of trout so there will probably be too much mix for a single fish.
Zman, Havent tried it yet. have heard this works well with chicken as well.
3 Layers of foil instead of the salt does the trick too = Nice moist flesh.
Yep, works really well with fish and chicken. Did it on a lamb leg once too - also very nice.
Just use pool salt, it's fine !
Dies anyone have a recipe for the chicken one?
I know Embi does, but maybe try a google search of salt crusted chicken and see what pops up, there is sure to be something.
I knew a potter that liked to roast whole chickens in clay. She was always raving about how good it was.
And the best pork and fish I ever ate came out of the ground. ie a fire pit where you bury the food under banana leaves in Papua New Guinea.
Perhaps there's

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.517673
Retrieved Text: The Sages forbade pickling cucumbers (or olives and the like) in brine or vinegar, because pickling is comparable to cooking. Similarly, the Sages forbade salting foods if doing so fundamentally changes them, as is the case with radishes, onions, garlic, turnips, and cucumbers. Salt helps sweat these vegetables, extracting their bitterness, changing their textures, and improving their taste. Thus, salting is comparable to the melakha of Me’abed (below 18:6), and its impact on foods is similar to that of cooking (SA 321:2-6; MB ad loc. 15).
One may salt an individual piece of a vegetable and then eat it, because this does not resemble pickling. Many also permit salting multiple pieces at once, as long as the pieces will be eaten soon (SA 321:4). However, the custom is to be stringent and eat each piece immediately after salting it. This is because if one waits to eat a salted piece until after additional pieces have been salted, it may look like he is pickling food (MB 321:20; Kaf Ha-ĥayim ad loc. 26).
Salting multiple pieces together is permissible if one adds oil as well. This is because the oil reduces the saltiness, making it clear that one is not pickling, but rather flavoring his food (MB 321:14). Similarly, one may add salt to a cucumber and radish salad being prepared for the upcoming meal. This is because preparing the salad also involves adding oil and spices that weaken the salt, making it clear that one is not pickling (Taz 321:1; MB ad loc. 14). One may also add

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.488033
Retrieved Text: One of the ways to fix an oversalted food is to dilute it with water, in other words add some more water to the food being prepared. When making foods that can be diluted like rice or when making soups, stews or sauces, you can add some extra water, stock, tomato sauce or juice to give the salt more volume which helps to spread it out and make... put in a slice or two of raw potato, it absorbs a lot of salt. After a few minutes taste, and chuck the potato when the salt level is back to your liking. Been there! After a few minutes taste, and chuck the potato when the salt level is back to your liking.
Fixing too salty or too sugary food. All of us can remember a time when we needed some tips for fixing too salty or too sugary food: If you mistakenly added too much salt or sugar to a recipe, you cannot undo it and take it out.... When cooking we sometimes make the mistake of over-salting our meals but this does not mean that the food is ruined, there are still ways to fix an over-salted meal.
When cooking we sometimes make the mistake of over-salting our meals but this does not mean that the food is ruined, there are still ways to fix an over-salted meal.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.090014
Retrieved Text: I decided to continue with my series of preserved food and make it into a category. In my previous post, I’ve already talked about the phrase “Preserved is Better” and in this post, I’ll show a very commonly seen antipasto product, chargrilled eggplant. Eggplants are very versatile in terms of taste. They are bitter when raw but give full, complex and sophisticated flavours and soft & fine textures when well cooked. Thus, in many cuisines, cooking eggplant involves salting, draining and rinsing the sliced fruit. This is known as degorging and we will use it today in the recipe as well.
1. Salting of the vertically sliced eggplants. Make sure you add more than enough salt to extract the bitterness of the fruit.
2. After salting for 15 mins., gently rinse off the excess salt and slightly press the slices to squeeze the water out and drain.
3. Put the eggplant slices on chargrill or hot pan. Cook until soft and it now should have some beautiful char mark.
4. In a glass container, place a layer of mixed herbs, tarragon leaves and red chill at the bottom. Add the chargrilled eggplant slices. Make sure they are fully packed into the container.
5. Top the container with extra virgin olive oil and make sure all the slices are fully immersed in the oil. Cover and refrigerate for 2-3 days before serving. Serve at room temperature.
I recently made some vinegar cured sardines and I’ll put a post up soon. Enjoy!
Previous Post What do Aussies do on Australia Day?
I love eggplants and you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.529171
Retrieved Text: Convenient and original, it allows the cutting, the cooking, the display as well as the salting of your food.
Ingredient: gem salt from Pakistan.
Cutting board: Clever! The salt board enables both the cutting and the salting of your food.
Stone grill: The salt board can be heated in the oven (1 hour at 250°C). Be careful, the board must be heated gradually in order not to be damaged. Once warm, it can be used as a stone grill (do not add fat). Be careful, do not burn yourself. Place the salt board on a table mat in the center of the table to cook prawns, scallops, thin slices of fish or meat, vegetables, sliced mushrooms or fried eggs. The salt board will keep the heat for about 20 to 30 minutes.
Serving dish: The salt board can be used at room temperature but also cold for the presentation of cheese, salads, carpaccios, sushis and sashimis. In this case, place the salt board in the refrigerator for one hour to chill. Once chilled, place the food on it and serve.
Each salt board is unique. Its colour may change and cracks may appear. When the salt board becomes to thin to cook food on it (less than 2cm thick), you can crush the board and use the salt blocks to salt food with a ceramic grater.
Wipe the salt board before the first use.
After each use, cool the board on a wire rack. Wash the cooled salt board with warm water and a soft brush and tamp dry with a paper towel

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.232952
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Flawed yet Function where I talk about my health, habits, food, and DIY, and I hope to encourage you to live your best life! One thing that I’ve learned a lot about over the years in my kitchen is how to properly salt food. Salt can make or break your meal. If you leave it out, there is a dullness or lack of vibrancy in the flavor of food. So today, I’d like share how to salt your food. It does take practice to get it right, but your palate will be so pleased when you do!
Sea salt is my recommendation for an everyday salt. It is salt in its natural form and very reasonably priced. Stop using iodized table salt completely. It is highly processed and stripped of many minerals. If you are eating a well balanced diet, you don’t need the iodine. On top of that, table salt is so fine that it is easy to over-salt food.
Coarseness level is relative. One brand’s coarse is another’s fine, so find a brand of sea salt you like and stick to it.
I’ve come to love the fine sea salt at my local Korean foods store. It is very reasonably priced too, $8.99 for a 10 pound bag. You don’t have to purchase salt in bulk, but if you start doing daily cooking, you might want to!
When sprinkling salt onto meat or with each additional vegetable in a soup, get used to scooping salt with your fingers. It will seem clumsy at first, but your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.865137
Retrieved Text: References to food safety are rarely found in historical documents. The traditional methods of preserving food, such as salting, drying and pickling, were probably used more for their value in allowing food to be kept for extended periods of time, than for safety reasons. For a few millennia people were aware that cooking food allowed it to be kept for longer. The ancient Chinese, for example, believed that anything that was boiled or cooked could not be poisonous.
Until the late 19th century there was no understanding of bacteria or their role in disease. Since then more focus has been placed on making food safe for consumption.
The food we eat provides a perfect environment for bacteria and fungi. If food is not fresh or if it is not cooked or preserved in some way it will quickly become infected by micro-organisms. The micro-organisms produce chemicals that can make us feel ill, get sick and cause diarrhoea – classic symptoms of food poisoning.
So what food is safe?
is not inherently toxic, e.g. green potatoes and certain fungi are dangerous to eat. In other cases the food material may produce toxins as a result of microbial metabolism, e.g. botulism.
does not contain disease-causing organisms (pathogens) in abnormally high numbers. Such organisms include certain bacteria, fungi, viruses, protozoa and the eggs or cysts of animals such as tapeworms and liver fluke.
In the Spring of 2007 the drinking water supply in Co. Galway was infected with aprotozoan calledCryptosporidium. This pathogen causes severe diarrhoea affecting mainly the very young and the very old. It

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.824493
Retrieved Text: Hi Jenny, I have read before that salt shouldn’t be added to beans until after they are cooked, because it can make them tough. But above you say to add sea salt and baking soda to the soak water. So adding sea salt to the soak water does not make them tough then?
No, salting the soak and cooking water won’t make your beans tough. Addung an acid, however, WILL make them tough which is why we cook the beans before adding them to the soup.
I’m curious about something: I recently read that one should not put salt in the cooking water for beans because it makes them tough. Does salting them in the soaking water prevent them from getting tough from salt? I would definitely like to be able to salt beans because it would improve their flavor greatly.
If we do not have fresh thyme or sage, how much dry herbs we should add to the soup for flavor?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.475174
Retrieved Text: Fishers, processors and traders are working in partnership with researchers to improve the ways they preserve fish to increase its shelf life, reduce losses and create new opportunities for trade.
Life in Zambia’s Barotse floodplain is defined by water. Annual floods inundate the area and bring a diversity of aquatic life to the plain, with fish in particular providing a critical source of income and food for the region’s 250,000 inhabitants, more than 4 out of 5 of whom live in poverty.
As the water recedes, many fishers and their families migrate to temporary fishing camps along the Zambezi River for up to 6 months of the year.
Webby Kahyata, who has been catching and selling fish for nearly 20 years, explains that without electricity for refrigeration, fishers must preserve their catch to stop it from spoiling. Preserving the fish is also necessary for the journey to the market: “We preserve it for future use, for example during floods and the fishing ban. With the preserved fish we are able to carry and consume it wherever we go, since fish is scarce where we are from,” he says.
“Sometimes we would get fish which costs ZMW 150 (USD 15), but when we reach the market we would sell it for ZMW 80 (USD 8) because it has started going bad by then. We end up finding no profit,” says Webby, whose income supports his wife and four children.
Retailers store fish so they can buy when the price is low and sell when the price is high, increasing their profits.
The most

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.448257
Retrieved Text: Imagine this scenario, coming home from a hard days work to find your partner in a worse mood than you. Dirty dishes dominate your sight with leftover food crusted onto the plates. All you want to do is kick off your shoes and sit on the couch with a glass of Pinot. Then it hits you. What are you supposed to do for dinner!
Why I choose vacuum sealing over any other method, every time.
The rest of this scenario differs greatly depending on the use of one simple machine. Munro Direct’s Food Vacuum Sealing system. Either you can clean the kitchen, do the dishes and cook a time consuming meal from scratch. Or, you could simply get out some more of the delicious casserole, slow roasted pork or Spanish risotto you made earlier.
Food vacuum sealing truly is the way of the future. It gives you the freedom to create in bulk, and save in bulk. But don’t just take our word for it, we put the food vacuum sealer to the test against other storage methods, and here are the results.
People from as early as ancient civilisations have been drying out food in order to it. It has obviously advanced from just leaving them out in the sun to using ovens to efficiently remove moisture from foods. However, it is still a practice commonly used as the lack of moisture is precisely means the ingredients are no longer susceptible to bacteria growth in wet environments.
While this may be ideal for preserving herbs, spices, and even certain fruits

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.90338
Retrieved Text: Whistler Snow Removal and Salting encourages safety as well as building maintenance for local business and homes. Whistler is Canada’s number one destination for skiing, snowboarding and winter sports. In colder months the streets are buzzing with people and safety is more important than ever! Let is help keep the snow on the mountains and out of the streets.
With an average snow fall of 418.7 inches per year it is difficult to keep up with the weather. Lucky for you, having a team behind you, makes it that much more manageable. Our experts not only function as a Whistler Snow Removal and Salting service but organize preventative measures as well. We are always watching forecasted snow falls and changes in climate that may cause ‘slip and fall’ conditions. Due to the constant foot traffic in and around Whistler, it is very important for business owners as well as residences to maintain a certain level of safety on their property for those visiting, shopping or just walking.
Whistler Snow Removal and Salting is important for other areas of the home or business as well. As the temperatures begin to change, snow which has built up around structures such as business, hotels or houses are at risk of flooding, should the water runoff find its way inside. Proper salting is also a necessity for safety on the road. Whistler is known for colder climates as well as steep inclines due to its mountainous terrain. Salting reduces the risk of accidents as well as slides. However, you never underestimate the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.779379
Retrieved Text: For everyone else, understanding autism can help make us more compassionate and capable of comfortably answering questions our kids may ask about their special-needs friends like lovable Julia. On the other hand, they do not want people to perceive autistic children as completely different. A new muppet is headed to Sesame Street - and the fact she "does things a little differently" can hopefully reduce the stigma of autism, according to USA Today.
This type of diabetes affects not just a woman's pregnancy but also the health of her baby. The researchers, keen to find a way to predict postpartum type 2 diabetes , tested the parameters that trigger the development of type 2 diabetes .
Is processed meat a 'cancer-causing substance'?
Nearly a quarter of the meat products Americans consume are processed meat, which also include bacon, pepperoni, deli slices, sausage, and any other meat products that have been preserved with additives or otherwise manipulated to alter color, taste, and durability.
Field trials showed that asking children these two questions was nearly as effective as the 18-question Household Food Security Survey used by the US Department of Agriculture (which administers the food stamp program) and other government agencies to determine food insecurity.
The suit also names the administration's recently departed Department of Health commissioner, Mary O'Dowd, along with an assistant commissioner and the director of communicable disease service. "I'm happy to take it on". "The temperature readings, the blood tests demonstrated, there was no basis for doing what they did to her", Seigel says.
However it says beef, lamb and pork

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.61171
Retrieved Text: Not getting what you want you want is sometimes a beautiful stroke of luck!!!
Enter your email address to follow Tech Time and never miss a post.
I was not keen on cryptography before this incident, so I was working on this PR for pagure where I had to write a feature which give the ability to local user to change the password. You can see the PR here. There are two ways to login to pagure FAS account if you want to use pagure online else if you are hosting it you can use local authentication. I learned a lot from this feature for starting “how not to write authentication system” that is because the first PR I sent was all about the wrong practices thanks a lot to Pingou and Peter to correct and guide me on how to do it.
The technique we used is called salting, this is a very beautiful technique. Before going into salting we try to look into what is hashing because hashing generates a junk string using an algorithm, salting is just a different layer over it which makes this hashing more random. Hashing is a way in which password is converted into a string which cannot be inverted. Practically once you convert a string into hash there is no way you can retrieve it but the drawback is comes when two same string produce same hash string. Now if that is possible then it can be brute forced or rainbow tables can be used to get the password.
Here salting comes

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.452665
Retrieved Text: Cancer is a dangerous disease in which certain cells in our body grow in an uncontrolled way. It is considered as one of the world’s most serious illnesses that can kill more people more than any other diseases in the world.
This is why it is very important for all of us to know which food caused the cancer.
According to the report of World Health Organization’s cancer agency, the risk of developing cancer from eating processed meat remains small but rises with the amount consumed. Among them, apparently, are hot dogs.
Hot dogs are among the most popular food all over the world. However, according to World Health Organization’s cancer agency, hot dogs are among the most processed food that can caused cancer.
Hot dog is one of the most common processed meats consumed in the United States. Processed meat was defined as meat transformed through salting, curing, fermentation, smoking or other processed to enhance the flavor and improved the preservation.
It is important that we limit our consumption of hot dogs because they contain harmful substances.
International Agency for Cancer Research linked the consumption of processed meat to colorectal, pancreatic and prostate cancer.
Based on the studies, read meat that refers to all types of mammalian muscle meat, such as beef, veal, pork lamb, mutton, horse and even goat was given a carcinogen label.
For the red meat, the data pointed to associations with colorectal, pancreatic and prostate cancers.
Why hot dogs are dangerous?
It has to do with nitrates that are used to preserve meat so that it has a longer shelf life.
According

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.332512
Retrieved Text: Before there were refrigerators in every household families preserved their garden produce, milk and meat by fermenting them or what is commonly called in the food industry "cultured" foods. During fermentation, microorganisms, bacteria, yeast, or molds break down complex molecules into simpler substances changing the chemical makeup of the food and enhancing it's nutritive value. This process improves digestibility and absorption of nutrients. It also stimulates probiotic functions which benefit your gut health.
Sourdough bread, cheese, yogurt, beer, wine, sauerkraut, kimchi, sweet chili sauce, soy sauce, pickles and even chocolate are just a few of the fermented foods that we eat every day. Today many of these foods are processed chemically and pasteurized to extend the shelf life. In fact many believe that these microorganisms are bad for us, when in fact the presence of certain bacteria is essential to good health. It's important to our gut health to have REAL fermented foods back into our diets.
the food in order to aid in breaking it down.
Through osmosis, dry salting brings out moisture in the foods. The liquid combines with the salt to create a natural brine. Cheese making, and curing meat uses dry salting to preserve it. The Salt removes the moisture and sets up a protective barrier in which the development of beneficial bacteria will thrive and keep the harmful bacteria at bay.
Brining usually involves a salt water solution in which the food is submerged in order for the process to start.
Whey is the watery liquid remaining after curds have formed in milk. If you make

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.330626
Retrieved Text: From a holistic perspective, salt itself is not the problem. It is when salt is overused, misused or used in a highly refined form (commonly called table salt) that health issues arise. Use this gift from nature in appropriate amounts and you’ll find it has tremendous benefits.
Not all salt is the same. What our ancestors knew as salt is quite different from what is most commonly available to us. Formerly a naturally mined element taken from the seas or ancient sea beds, salt is now most often a highly processed commodity more fitting for industrial use than in cooking. Despite the popularity of table salt, there are still plenty of forms of natural salt that you can find at most natural food stores.
Table salt is a highly processed food. It has been refined to contain greater amounts of sodium than natural forms of salt (it is 99.85% sodium chloride). In addition to chemicals used in the refining process, table salt also contains additives. These may include anti-caking agents, aluminum, fluoride and iodine, as well as other chemicals that stabilize these additions. While these additives are not listed on the packaging, their presence creates ama, or toxins, in the body. Due to its high sodium content, table salt tastes the strongest and is the most heating of all the types of salt.
Sea salt can be made in one of two ways. The first is to simply dry sea water in the sun. This method, which has been used for centuries all around the world, leaves behind small

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.274591
Retrieved Text: Every day we hear about the dangers of too much sodium in our diet. The average person eats about 1000 mg more than they should; but everywhere we turn the food we love and crave is full of sodium. So what’s a hungry person to do? One option is to use sodium replacers that you find in the store. The aisles are full of various products but mostly they are blends of potassium chloride and salt. Most do not taste like salt and have a strong bitter aftertaste.
Sea salt is another option of which there are many varieties. Examples include Atlantic sea salt, Red Hawaiian, Black Lava, Fleur De Sel, smoked salts and more. These salts all have one thing in common. Just like kosher salt and regular table salt, they are about 40% sodium. So using these do not really lower your sodium intake.
What good are these salts to our daily intake? Not much … unless you begin to look at salt differently. These are finishing salts. A finishing salt should be put on at the last minute before serving the food you are about to eat. If we put them into a soup or sauce, once they are in the solution they will pretty much taste like salt, albeit an expensive one. So the trick is to sprinkle our food, steak, chicken, or fish after it is cooked with a small amount of salt to get the maximum flavor impact without over salting.
Using salts as a finishing touch rather than an ingredient in our

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.236347
Retrieved Text: Salt gives taste to food, thus do different flavors like Maggie and salted fish. When cooking, you have to be mindful of the use of salt to prevent over salt. You wouldn’t want your guest to have a taste of that salty dish and coming back with a terrible remark. It’s smarter to under salt than over salt everything. However, it's not every food you under salt. There are some foods that request a reasonable amount of salt to taste. The most common mistake home cooks make with steak is under-salting the meat. Be assertive. The salt brings out the flavor of the beef– Eric Veldman Miller, the owner of V. Miller Meats in Sacramento, says.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.151651
Retrieved Text: Darn. It really did look delicious from the picture. The same thing does happen to me and I always wonder if I should continue to eat it even if it's not satisfying or dump into the trash and cut my losses. I hate wasting food so it's always a dilemma for me.
I feel like most of the time when I make Tofu, it turns out bland and almost inedible. My boyfriend won't even touch the stuff so I just stopped making it. Maybe you can just use seafood instead?
It does look yummy, but too bad it didn't turn out. I like to use TJ's marinated tofu because it has great flavor and it's ready to go. Love lemon drop martinis and I didn't ever know you could make your own limoncello! Cool!
Tofu is sometimes hard to nail down. when all else fails in the kitchen, make a yummy drink!
I hate when things are tasteless. Did you end up salting it?
I just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how much we, at The Monday Campaigns, appreciate your weekly Meatless Monday posts (and beautiful food photography!) on Paws and Pours. As a wine and dog lover myself, I look forward to reading your posts and seeing your pictures.
I wanted to let you know that we featured Paws and Pours as one of our Featured Friends on this week’s Meatless Monday homepage. Check it out!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.11865
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Ward 5 Online: How's Everyone Doing?
So far, so good for me over in the Magoun Square area. I can see the sun coming out!
I have twittered 311 to see if I can get a plow to make a quick pass up my street. As you can see, we just need it cleared a bit, so it won't freeze over tonight.
The pre-salting the DPW conducted yesterday was a good call by Commissioner Koty. Walking home from the Armory last night was a bit treacherous, but cars seemed to have enough traction to climb up Lowell Street around 10pm.
How is everyone else doing? Cleared out or waiting until the sun does its thing?
If you were to grade the DPW and 311 what would you give them and why?
Comment your rulings below and feel free to submit pictures for posting!
Overall,at least in my neighborhood, I believe the DPW did a very good job.
Was there ever a snow emergency declared in Somervile??
To my knowledge, I don't believe so.
Given (IF) Somerville did not, yet all the residents on my street parked on the odd side which made it much easier for sanders and plows to do their job.
Guessing, subject residents probably anticipated a snow emergency declared; again, asssuming no emergency was declared.
My friend in Medford said one was called there; and of course Boston declared a snow emergency. Not sure about other surrounding cities.
The rain/snow.... snow/rain/snow mix.... and dropping temps made whatever ended up on cars like glue---not easily removed.
There was not a snow emergency declared, however, I think

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.081053
Retrieved Text: Fermented foods – they are becoming more common in the U.S. as recipe ingredients, and as health foods.
What does it mean to ferment a food? The process of fermentation occurs when sugars are converted into alcohol or organic acids by either bacteria or yeast. That’s right- the process that creates your favorite beer also produces foods like kimchi, olives, even cheese!
Have you heard whispers of fermented foods being good for you? Well, the food world is definitely talking; fermented foods were one of Whole Foods Top 5 food trend predictions last year!
Kimchi is one of the most well-known fermented foods. Kimchi originated in Korea, where winters are cold and fertile farm land is not widely available. Koreans salted what vegetables they had in order to preserve them. This salting and preservation process caused the vegetables to ferment.
Sauerkraut is also a popular fermented food. Not just to enjoy on hot dogs, sauerkraut is a treasured ingredient in many cultures. Although thought of as a German creation, builders of the Great Wall of China enjoyed sauerkraut often and it likely spread to Europe through the plundering travels of Ghengis Khan.
All of these, and other fermented foods, contain healthy probiotic bacteria. When you include fermented foods in your diet, they work with your body to help optimize the digestion and absorption of nutrients.
Research has also shown that fermenting foods can make them more nutritious. For example, some foods developed Vitamin B nutrients that they did not contain before they were fermented.
So exactly what do fermented foods do to benefit

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.074009
Retrieved Text: Hey, so i was wondering if the devs are going to allow replanting and reseeding. What do you mean by? Replanting: By replanting i mean being able to move things like berry bushes, vegetables, things that you can dig up and then place in the ground another place with enough effort. So when you sow your carrots at a stupid place, you'll have the ability to move them inside a safer spot by replanting them inside the wall you just build. Reseeding: By reseeding i mean being able to take seeds from plants, we do it in my family when some food-plants/vegetables are too exepnsive, we just take the seeds out of them and put them in a box, so we can reseed them again next year. This would also open up a use for some rotten food, by rotten i mean potatoes and the like. To plant potatoes you let them rot to a point where new sprouts begins to grow out of them, and then you sow them into the ground, so that they may produce more potatoes. (Also i haven't seen it yet, but cheese shouldn't really be able to rot since we do eat rotten cheese and meat, and let it rot on purpose because it taste better that way, some think so anyway (Not a cheese lover here)) (Sorry but I'm to tired to make seperate topics) also it would be handy if you could: - dry food so it would be non-perishable (So people did in old ages.) - Salting

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.059317
Retrieved Text: Fischer Brothers will cinder and salt, before, during and after the storm. Sometimes cindering and salt is a preventative measure used to get ahead of a winter snowstorm. It is never a bad idea to be prepared. Fischer Brother won’t quit though, until the job is done.
As the snow goes, so does Fischer Brothers. We will continue to fight the elements throughout the storm. Snow packed and icy roads are a dangerous combination and unfortunately, can have deadly consequences, so cindering and salting will help to improve adverse winter conditions.
If you own a business within Moscow, PA and the surrounding areas of Gouldsboro, Madisonville, Mt Cobb, Springbrook, Hamlin, Lake Ariel, Greentown, and Newfoundland, we can help with all of your cindering & salting needs.
Call Fischer Brothers as our rates vary by the hour and ton. More importantly, we ‘ll discuss our procedures and how we aim to help keep everyone safe.
Licensed, certified and insured, we provide Snow Removal, Snow Hauling, Plowing, Cindering & Salting and Ice Management services to Moscow, PA and the surrounding areas such as: Gouldsboro, Madisonville, Mt Cobb, Springbrook, Hamlin, Lake Ariel, Greentown, and Newfoundland.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.044867
Retrieved Text: Imagine a world without refrigeration or reliable airtight food storage. That means no aluminum foil, plastic bags or shrink-wrap solutions. Imagine it's the middle of winter and what you eat depends upon what you put in your cellar at the end of the growing season. That means food had to be preserved by canning, drying, salting or storing in a moisture free location. Imagine eating only what grows in the area where you live. That means no bananas, pineapples or peanuts if you lived in New England. These are some of the issues that whalers, as well as people living on shore, faced during the 1800s when it came to what they ate. The whalers had double the trouble with no refrigeration and limited access to replacement foods unless they were in a port.
Food, also known as "grub," was often one of the worst parts of a whaling voyage in the 1800s; at least according to many accounts. Depending upon how long the ship was at sea and where they were located, meals became less desirable and sometimes down right rotten! The shortage of good quality food was the basis for more complaints than any other phase of the whaling industry during this period.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.038702
Retrieved Text: Bad Weather Warning For South Coast!
With weather forecasters predicting wind and heavy rain overnight, followed by a sharp drop in temperatures, salting vehicles are being loaded ready to run and extra emergency response teams have been mobilised, to be on stand-by for dealing with fallen branches or trees, local flooding and blocked drains.
The forecast is for a combination of heavy rain followed by a drop in temperature caused by a change in wind direction for the end of the night.
The prospect of ice, slush and snow in the early hours of tomorrow morning, following heavy overnight rain presents particularly difficult conditions for the highways teams to deal with.
Councils say timing is crucial, as salting the roads too early will mean that all the salt will be washed away and therefore be ineffective at dealing with ice and snow.
Starting too late will mean potentially difficult driving conditions for the morning rush hour, with the prospect of salting lorries being stuck in traffic.
Therefore salting vehicles will be loaded up and ready to go before first light tomorrow, as soon as the temperatures start to drop. It does however take between two and three hours to salt all the Priority one routes, so extra care is needed tomorrow, as even the main routes may not all be treated before the start of the morning traffic peak.
If there is snow, it is likely to fall on higher ground, probably around dawn, however there is a possibility of slush forming on lower level roads.
"If the forecast is correct, Hampshire is in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.004946
Retrieved Text: a. Microorganisms may be unicellular or ___________.
b. __________ bacteria help to make curd from milk.
c. Disease-causing microorganisms are called _______.
d. Ammonium salt in the soil is converted first into nitrites by _________ bacteria.
e. _______ coagulation takes place only when milk is hot.
f. Salting draws out _______ from food.
g. Nitrate in the soil is converted by _________ bacteria into nitrogen gas.
h. The process of preventing food spoilage by chemical or physical methods is called food ________.
Q2: Name any two antibiotics.
Q3: Give the names of any two communicable diseases.
Q4: What are the two common food preservatives used in our homes?
Answer: Salt, sugar and oil.
Q5: Name the bacteria that are present in root nodules of leguminous plants that fix nitrogen.
Q6: Very often we observe greenish pond water in our surroundings. What type of microbes they are likely to be?
Q8: Name any unicellular algae.
Q10: Which organisms are interlinked between living and non-living organisms?
Answer: The process in which milk is heated up to 72°C for 15 to 30 minutes and then chilled and stored is called pasteurization. This prevents the growth of most microorganisms.
Q12: Pasteurisation led to another process, critical to surgery. Name the process.
Q13: What are the advantages of food preservation?
1) This prevents spoilage of food.
2) Food can be preserved for a longer period.
3) Quality of food is ensured for a long time.
4) Variety of food items may be available in faraway places, in any season.
Q14: How do microbes cause food poisoning?
Answer: Some microbes release toxins in improperly preserved food, which causes food poisoning. e.g. Clostridium botulinum and Salmonella are

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.990456
Retrieved Text: In food processing, brining is treating food with brine or coarse salt which preserves and seasons the food while enhancing tenderness and flavor with additions such as herbs, spices, sugar, caramel and/or vinegar. Meat and fish are typically brined for less than twenty-four hours while vegetables, cheeses and fruit are brined in a much longer process known as pickling. Brining is similar to marination, except that a marinade usually includes a significant amount of acid, such as vinegar or citrus juice. Brining is also similar to curing, which usually involves significantly drying the food, and is done over a much longer time period.
Brining is typically a process in which meat is soaked in a salt water solution similar to marination before cooking. Meat is soaked anywhere from 30 minutes to several days. The amount of time needed to brine depends on the size of the meat: More time is needed for a large turkey compared to a broiler fryer chicken. Similarly, a large roast must be brined longer than a thin cut of meat.
Kitchen salt applied to chicken showing extracted moisture after one hour.
Brining can also be achieved by covering the meat in dry coarse salt and left to rest for several hours. The salt draws moisture from the interior of the meat to the surface, where it mixes with the salt and is then reabsorbed with the salt essentially brining the meat in its own juices. The salt rub is then rinsed off and discarded before cooking.
The brine surrounding the cells has a higher concentration

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.963907
Retrieved Text: Do you treat Water Treatment Plants?
Devon County Council will respond to requests for access to be cleared if South West Water request this.
How many parishes have Snow Wardens?
325 +. Find out if your parish is one of them here.
Can I apply to have X road considered for the gritting route?
If you believe the road meets our criteria but is not currently gritted you can contact us at csc.roads@devon.gov.uk with your case and it will be passed to the relevant persons for consideration.
Can I claim for damage from icy roads?
Claims guidance can be found here.
How can I report an empty grit bin?
Empty, or damaged grit bins, unusable content can be reported here.
How do I know if my road or route to work is gritted?
The roads on the primary salting network are shown on the attached map.
Do you salt/grit cycleways or footways?
Busy footways such as main shopping centres are treated on a reactive basis during periods of prolonged freezing (defined as snow or ice most of the day) within the resources available, once the primary salting network is clear.
Why don’t you salt/grit my road?
Devon County Council maintains nearly 13,000 km or 8,000 miles of roads in the county.
During a winter emergency situation it is not practicable or cost effective for the whole network to be pre-treated or cleared immediately. The primary salting network is made up of the major routes where the majority of vehicle movements take place and also includes accesses to hospitals, ambulance stations, fire stations and other emergency service establishments, railway stations, airports and secondary

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.956512
Retrieved Text: Until the late 1930s, stomach cancer was the leading cause of cancer death in the United States. Now, it is much less common in our country – although it is still the deadliest cancer worldwide.
Avoid salted meats and smoked and pickled foods. The use of refrigeration to keep foods fresh helps prevent bacterial infections that can be caused by salting, pickling and smoking foods.
Eat a healthy diet rich in fruits and vegetables. When possible, choose fresh food over processed food. The American Cancer Society recommends you eat at least two and a half cups of fruits or vegetables each day.
Avoid tobacco use. “Smoking or drinking can damage the lining of your stomach, leading to stomach cancer,” says Rafid J. Hussein, DO, gastroenterologist, Saint Francis Medical Partner.
Symptoms of stomach cancer can be similar to those of many other gastroesophageal conditions – eating problems, abdominal pain, bloating, vomiting and heartburn. However, symptoms do not usually appear until the cancer is advanced. Symptoms like weight loss, loss of appetite, vomiting blood and persisting anemia are suggestive of advanced stomach cancer.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.828863
Retrieved Text: Make it from scratch. Cooking your own meals is an easy way to control & reduce your sodium intake. It may surprise you to know just how much sodium is actually in prepackaged foods. Be sure to always read nutrition labels.
Taste your food before salting.
Like your mother always said, eat your fruit and vegetables. Fresh produce contains nearly zero sodium. When you do choose to cook veggies, use salt sparingly and only salt to taste.
In the kitchen and on the dinner table you can try substituting reduced sodium salt products like Morton® Lite Salt™Mixture or Morton® Salt Substitute, spices and herbs for salt.
Rinse canned foods to get rid of unwanted salt.

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can prevent food spoilage?" and the following answer choices: 
- prolactin release
 - one celled organisms
 - hydrating food
 - cleaning food
 - airing out food
 - Electric generators
 - a hydraulic system
 - dehydrating food

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and preservatives Preservatives are required to prevent spoilage, choose the best answer.

Target Text: dehydrating food

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.695282
Retrieved Text: Home > Blog > 2016 > What is Food Spoilage?
What happens to foods when they spoil, and are they dangerous to eat? What causes foods to spoil and how? These are questions we often get on USDA’s Meat and Poultry Hotline. Read on to learn the science behind food spoilage.
Signs of food spoilage may include an appearance different from the food in its fresh form, such as a change in color, a change in texture, an unpleasant odor, or an undesirable taste.
Various factors cause food spoilage, making items unsuitable for consumption. Light, oxygen, heat, humidity, temperature, and spoilage bacteria can all affect both safety and quality of perishable foods. When subject to these factors, foods will gradually deteriorate.
Microorganisms occur everywhere in the environment, and there is always a risk of spoilage when foods are exposed to unsuitable conditions. Microbial spoilage results from bacteria, molds, and yeast. While microorganisms may or may not be harmful, the waste products they produce when growing on or in food may be unpleasant to taste.
In addition to causing food to deteriorate and taste unpleasant, some types of spoilage can be caused by pathogenic bacteria, which can have serious health consequences. For example Clostridium perfringens (common cause of spoilage in meat and poultry) and Bacillus cereus (common cause of spoilage of milk and cream) are also pathogenic. When exposed to unsuitable storage conditions, such as the Danger Zone (between 40 and 140° F), these organisms can multiply rapidly and they can release dangerous toxins that will make you sick if you consume

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.30051
Retrieved Text: It’s easy to understand why the food is a restaurant’s most important asset. So, the restaurant owner has to protect the food to ensure successful operations.
Should something happen to a restaurant’s stock, the results could be bad. In the event of food loss, a type of protection called food spoilage insurance might aid the business.
It is against the law for most restaurants to serve contaminated or spoiled food. Doing so might cause customer illness or injury, and open the business up to liability risks. Should food spoilage occur, the restaurant usually has to dispose of the damaged items.
Many restaurants have to throw out an entire portion of contaminated food, not just one or two pieces. Restaurant stock is expensive, so spoilage losses might cause a blow to profits. No one wants to lose money having to replace this stock. Should the restaurant have a significant stock loss, it might even have to shut down to re-stock. This could cause another drop in profits.
Nevertheless, check your policy before you make a claim. It may not cover every instance of food spoilage. Most spoilage policies will come with maximum limits they will pay in the event of food spoilage. Furthermore, in some cases, it may not be pertinent to file claims against your insurance. Isolated incidents of spoilage may mean you can easily and affordably replace stock. You often don’t want to make a claim unless you have to.
Restaurants can take steps to protect their assets from spoilage. Doing so can potentially prevent insurance claims.
Abide by all local

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.921856
Retrieved Text: What They Do: Used to alter or control the acidity or alkalinity of a food, or to prevent a food from drying out, and to prevent spoilage.
Most of these ingredients have the sole purpose of extending shelf life unnaturally, or for short cutting more time consuming preparation processes. These are all made in a lab environment.
These ingredients have no place in the home kitchen. Food should be made and eaten. For the rare occasion that a storable food is to be made, many home preparation processes can be employed that do not require these unnatural ingredients.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.487425
Retrieved Text: Purpose: Since the invention of the refrigerator, food spoilage has been relatively minimized. However, for those outside the pleasure of electricity must conceive new methods to keep food from going bad. This week, Scientific AmeriKen will attempt several methods in preventing black berries from spoiling.
Hypothesis: Generally there are two agents of food spoilage, bacteria and mold. It is the hypothesis of this experiment that foods can be kept longer if agents are used which prevent the growth of bacteria or mold. Therefore it is believed that agents such as sugar, salts, and algaecides will be efficient in food spoilage prevention.
Equipment: Used in this experiment was 6 blackberries, salt, sugar, hydrogen peroxide, Leslie's algae control, and petri dishes.
Procedure: The first step of this experiment is to set 2 berries aside for controls. Soak 1 berry in the hydrogen peroxide and one berry in the Algaecide. Roll one berry in salt and the last berry in sugar. Set the berries aside and observe for spoilage.
Conclusion: Based on the results, it would seem that the best method for preserving the blackberries would be just to leave them alone. Perhaps if a safe algaecide (or fungicide) could be created then an effective method of preventing food spoilage would be feasible. However, based on the number of warning labels on the algaecide used, the creation of such an item may take quite a while.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.158842
Retrieved Text: What humidity is optimal in a frost free fridge and temp?
It depends on what you're using it for. For Beer..mmmmmm...beeer...it doesn't matter. For other things it does.
WHAT ARE THE TEMPERATURE REQUIREMENTS FOR DRY AGING WITH UMAI DRY® TECHNOLOGY?
Dry age at temperature between 34-38F. Typical household refrigerators and restaurant coolers are designed to protect food items like fruits, vegetables, fish and meats from spoilage without freezing them. Please make sure that your refrigerator maintains temperature between 34-38 F to ensure proper aging and prevent spoilage. Ensure that the UMAi Dry® material is in contact with the beef and there are no air pockets inside the bag.
If this is really important, then you can buy a hygrometer ( www.bestadvisor.com/hygrometers ), it measures both humidity and temperature. Also humidity level is one of the essential factors that affect health.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.150105
Retrieved Text: The water activity test is performed Monday to Saturday.
For most foods to be considered safe to store at room temperature, they should have an aw ≤ 0.85. Bacterial foodborne pathogens are inhibited at this aw; however, for those microorganisms that can cause spoilage (e.g., yeasts and moulds), the aw should be < 0.60 to prevent food spoilage by inhibiting growth of these organisms.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.417437
Retrieved Text: For businesses in the food industry, packaging integrity is a critical component of success. Customers expect a high level of quality with minimal leaks and spoilage. The more you can do to detect and address packaging leaks before they leave your facility, the more you can reduce waste and meet customer expectations.
Leak Detection Equipment can help ensure 100% package seal testing. This article will explain four ways that you can improve operations and increase profits by screening your packaging for leaks.
Package integrity is perhaps the most important aspect of quality control in the food industry. A leak in product packaging compromises the protective atmosphere and with it the shelf life of the food product. Any food that spoils on the shelf will be returned at great cost to your business. Through rigorous testing, you can ensure the integrity of your packaging to reduce waste and costly returns.
Food spoilage is a serious consequence that can result from leaky packaging. Not only does it cause waste, but it could cause illness for consumers and a loss of business reputation for you. The best way to prevent spoilage and the potential business damage that it could cause is with a packaging testing system. If there are leaks in a percentage of your packaging, you can detect them before they are shipped to grocery stores or restaurants where they might spoil on the shelf and cause returns or even worse, illness among customers.
Quality control is essential in the food industry. In the past, the best option was spot checking at

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.099161
Retrieved Text: Niacet offers various solutions for the Animal Feed and Petfood industry, mainly focusing on spoilage prevention, feed hygiene and animal nutrition.
Animal compound feeds (including aqua feed) generally contain mold spores and bacteria which originate from the environment, the raw materials or the equipment used to produce these animal feeds. The mycotoxins produced by certain species of molds cause clinical disturbance and disease and the use of molded feed can lead to diarrhea, anaemia, mycotic abortion and many other diseases. If bacteria are present at increased levels, they can also cause food poisoning. In general, the animal performance is reduced, resulting in economical loss. Niacet feed preservatives prevent spoilage by recontamination of the feed, maintain the nutritional value of the feed (resulting in higher feed efficiency) and act as an additional source of minerals and energy.
Petfoods are not only susceptible to spoilage by molds and harmless bacteria, but also to contamination by pathogenic bacteria like E. Coli or Listeria spp. The use of Niacet Petfood preservatives ensures maximum shelf life and food safety and safeguards petfood against recontamination. Niacet offers a broad range of innovative products, including clean label solutions.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.330828
Retrieved Text: Contamination of food industrial environments and recontamination of finished products by Chrysonilia sitophila and Hyphopichia burtonii has long been a serious problem for the bakery industries. As one of the most common ways to slow down or avoid fungal spoilage on bakery products is the use of ethanol, in the present work the effect of this substance has been assessed on growth of two of the most frequently occurring associated moulds, C. sitophila and H. burtonii, by means of tests on both synthetic media and sliced bread. Test on synthetic media: H. burtonii was less markedly affected in lag-phase duration and radial growth rates by the addition of ethanol to DG18 and the reduction of incubation temperature than C. sitophila that failed to grow at the highest concentrations of ethanol tested (2.0% and 4.0% at 15°C; 4.0% at 25°C). Test on sliced bread: ethanol proved to be effective to prevent spoilage by C. sitophila even at the lowest concentration tested (0.8%, wt/wt), while higher concentrations (2.0%, wt/wt) were needed to prevent spoilage by H. burtonii. This article is protected by copyright. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.416107
Retrieved Text: We put together a little handout that gives shelf life for most of your Food Storage Items.
Milky appearance to liquid—as food ages the liquid will become more cloudy and a residue will begin to form in bottom of jar—this is the food sluffing off, but the appearance should not be milky. Corrosion on inside of can, especially along seam (particular problem with canned foods older than 10 years or so.
Frozen can or bottle—freezing produces hairline fractures in seal and allows spoilage to begin.
Food stored in non-food grade container—the container was not meant for food or once contained a non-food product (garbage bags, garbage cans, cleaning bottles or buckets, kitty liter containers, etc.). Optimum shelf life is when it is stored in ideal conditions, meaning sealed with oxygen absorbers and in a cool temperature. Rust and Frozen – obvious if the container is compromised and is no longer vacuum sealed I would throw it out. We’re Jodi and Julie, two busy moms who like to share what we learn while we build and use our Food Storage. The three-part ebook program teaches you how to build a food storage with checklists, an encyclopedia, and a recipe appendix. Way Ling Wiesser is a foodie enthusiast and the Ambassador for the Singapore Food Revolution, a voluntary arm of the Jamie Oliver Food Foundation. Now that she is a mother of two, Way has become more conscientious about leftovers and she will always try to finish everything before making a fresh meal.
For all leftovers, I store them in a mixture

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.137112
Retrieved Text: Jerky is meat that has been cut into strips, trimmed of fat, marinated in a seasoned sweet rub or liquid, and dried or smoked with low heat (usually under 70 C/160 F) or is occasionally just salted and sun-dried. The result is a sweet (occasionally semisweet or savory) snack which can be eaten immediately, or which can be stored for months without refrigeration. The word “jerky” comes from the Quechua term charqui, which means to burn (meat). Jerked meat was one of the first human-made products and was a crucially important food preservation technique for survival. There are many products in the marketplace which are sold as jerky which consist of highly processed, chopped and formed meat, rather than traditional sliced, whole muscle meat. These products may contain more fat, but moisture content, like the whole muscle product, must meet a 0.75 to 1 moisture to protein ratio in the US. Chemical preservatives can be used to prevent oxidative spoilage, but the moisture to protein ratio prevents microbial spoilage by low water activity. Many Jerky products are very high in sugar and are therefore very sweet, unlike Biltong, which rarely contains added sugars.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.116526
Retrieved Text: The most efficient way of preventing and treating iron deficiency anemia is through the fortification of food products with a form of iron that is readily absorbed by the body. Nouryon’s Ferric Sodium EDTA, Ferrazone®, has been demonstrated to be both safe and effective in reducing iron deficiency, even in inhibitory diets lacking bioavailable iron.
Ferrazone, Ferric Sodium EDTA, an iron compound developed by Nouryon is continuing to gain widespread recognition for its effectiveness in helping to combat iron deficiency.
Iron deficiency is the most widespread nutrition-related health problem in the world. As health experts call for a global effort to tackle the problem through the fortification of staple foods, Nouryon is providing a vital ingredient in the formula with its unique iron compound Ferrazone.
Ferrazone proves to be much more effective than conventional forms of iron, many of which cannot be absorbed by the body. Ferrazone is a highly effective iron source in food fortification to combat iron deficiency anemia. Ferric Sodium EDTA is recommended by the World Health Organization as the preferred iron fortificant for wheat and maize flour. Furthermore Ferrazone can be used in drinks without development of any metallic taste and has been accepted for food use in nearly all countries worldwide.
What food applications can be fortified with Ferrazone?
Ferrazone can be used in many food products, but it is primarily used to fortify foods that are stored in dry form such as powdered beverages, candy bars and flour. Examples of flour-derived products are bread, biscuits and instant noodles. Colored drinks and condiments, such as cola

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.982738
Retrieved Text: The INTELLIREF V2 & INTELLIREF V2 Low Temperature controller simplifies refrigeration control by combining the functions of a thermostat and defrost time clock. This robust design provides a wide range of medium & low temperature applications with air electric* defrost.
H2: The built-in defrost clock performs defrost cycles according to scheduled intervals or at precise times.
Easy-to-understand thermostat that eliminates end user frustrations that come with overly complicated modules available today. These controllers provide precise system operations, a user-friendly interface, and a battery powered real-time clock, that won’t shut off during a power outage.
The Intelliref V2’s high value features come at a low cost compared to the benefits it brings such as keeping food from spoilage, expensive service calls, and energy efficiency. Nothing compares the peace of mind brought on by knowing the investments made are secure and monitored.
Food needs to be maintained at cold temperatures to prevent the growth of bacteria and other microbes that make food spoil. If there is a problem with the refrigeration system, knowing as quickly as possible can prevent food and money loss.
The LDA & Data Logging options are a cost effective and worry-free solution to prevent food loss, save on expensive service calls and meet health requirements.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.282516
Retrieved Text: Background and Objective: Microorganisms can colonize or contaminate fruits and vegetables at virtually any point during production, distribution, processing, packaging or food preparation. Microbial contamination of fruits and vegetables can cause food spoilage and human infections. This study was undertaken to collect, isolate and identify commonly occurring food spoilage microorganisms from a wide variety of fresh, direct-market fruits and vegetable in Southern Alberta and to test for the presence of the food-borne pathogen Listeria monocytogenes on a few representative farm operation surfaces. Methodology: The naturally-occurring microorganisms present on produce were amplified by incubation in humid chambers. Microorganism cultures were obtained by aseptically isolating from produce surfaces and sub-culturing on agar petri dishes. Results: Approximately 950 microbial isolates, both bacteria and fungi were collected from fresh produce. Identities of 80 selected isolates were confirmed using molecular analysis. A number of well-known plant pathogenic taxa were identified along with a few species that have not previously been reported to act as spoilage organisms, namely Isaria farinosus, Stenotrophomonas maltophilia, Rahnella aquatilis and Acinetobacter calcoaceticus (syn. Micrococcus calcoaceticus ). Listeria monocytogenes was not detected at any of the Southern Alberta farms sampled. Conclusion: These results indicate that a wide array of microorganisms are capable of causing food spoilage and some have not yet been documented or characterized.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.198792
Retrieved Text: A preservative is a substance that is added to products such as foods, pharmaceuticals, paints, biological samples, cosmetics, tires, wood, beverages, and many other products to prevent decomposition by microbial growth or by undesirable chemical changes. In general, preservation is implemented in two modes, chemical and physical. Chemical preservation entails adding chemical compounds to the product. Physical preservation entails processes such as refrigeration or drying. Preservative food additives reduce the risk of foodborne infections, decrease microbial spoilage, and preserve fresh attributes and nutritional quality. Some physical techniques for food preservation include dehydration, UV-C radiation, freeze-drying, and refrigeration. Chemical preservation and physical preservation techniques are sometimes combined.
Antimicrobial preservatives prevent degradation by bacteria. This method is the most traditional and ancient type of preserving—ancient methods such as pickling and adding honey prevent microorganism growth by modifying the pH level. The most commonly used antimicrobial preservative is lactic acid. Common antimicrobial preservatives are presented in the table.Nitrates and nitrites are also antimicrobial. The detailed mechanism of these chemical compounds range from inhibiting growth of the bacteria to the inhibition of specific enzymes.
As a food additive, it is listed as E number 282 in the Codex Alimentarius. Calcium propanoate is used as a preservative in a wide variety of products, including but not limited to: bread, other baked goods, processed meat, whey, and other dairy products. In agriculture, it is used, amongst other things, to prevent milk fever in cows and as a feed supplement Propanoates prevent microbes from producing the energy they need, like benzoates do. However, unlike benzoates,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 23.136862
Retrieved Text: Sulfites are a class of powerful antioxidants that are found in most commercially dried fruits and wine. They are added to reduce oxidation and spoilage of dried fruits. It's pretty easy to treat food with sulfites. Let's go over the basic technique.
Sulfite dip has long been used to prevent discoloration and spoilage of dried fruits and is considered a safe practice by the FDA for individuals who do not have sulfite sensitivities. Sulfites are strong antioxidants and are found on nearly all commercially dried fruits and are also present in most wine.
If you're in the 99%, then sulfites are one of the most effective methods for extending the shelf life of dried fruits.
Sulfite dips can be purchased from any home-brewing or wine making supply store, and can be readily found on Amazon.com. You can use sodium bisulfite, sodium sulfite, or sodium meta-bisulfite.
Dissolve 1 teaspoon of sodium bisulfite (or sodium metabisulfite) in 1 quart of tepid water. If using sodium sulfite, double the amount used to 2 teaspoons per quart of water.
Completely submerge the prepared fruit in the sulfite dip -- 5 minutes for slices, and 15 minutes for larger, halved fruits.
Drain the fruit and place in drying racks.
Discard the sulfite dip solution after it has been used once. Do not reuse.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.960953
Retrieved Text: Last Fall, Members of the Potomac Aquaponics Association met for a two-day conference to discuss advancing aquaponics in the Potomac region.
Represented at the meeting were: the national Aquaponics Association, the National Association of State Departments of Agriculture, the University of the District of Columbia, Virginia Cooperative Extension, Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries, Virginia State University, Virginia Tech, and Anacostia Aquaponics DC LLC.
We identified three areas in which we could advance aquaponics in the Potomac region. Stay tuned for part 2!
October 21 – 28 is Food Recovery Week in Washington, DC. Check out a full list of events at dcfoodrecovery.org.
Anacostia Aquaponics is hosting two events in conjunction.
OK, vermicomposting makes sense, but what does a fish harvest have to do with food waste & recovery?
In honor of DC food recovery week we are going to bokashi compost the fish guts. The fish guts and skeletons are extremely rich with nutrients that plants need. There is no reason to send these nutrients hundreds of miles to a landfill to rot. Instead, we can use compost methods to transform and re-use these nutrients right here in our own city. (and on a large scale this will create many JOBS).
Aquaponics can also stem the problem of food waste by providing vegetables to urban and arid areas without crop spoilage during transport.
Our nation wastes thousands of tons of vegetables each year due to spoilage during transport. Contrast this with Scott’s aquaponic system where we’re hosting this event. In the warm months Scott grows an entire salad a day for his

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.940155
Retrieved Text: The food industry is constantly innovating to find clean label alternatives for food protection, allowing the removal of commonly used chemical preservatives from their products, such as sorbic acid, calcium propionate and sodium nitrite while still maintaining the functionality of those ingredients. The challenges that must be overcome when removing or replacing ingredients are substantial to maintain the safety, quality, and functionality of the finished product. Fermentation is a centuries-old method of food preservation that can be used to fulfill this need.
Since the discovery by Louis Pasteur that microorganisms play a role in the fermentation process, a new field of research was initiated to help us understand the relationship between microorganisms and food. Researchers now have a broad knowledge of food fermentation and compounds produced by bacteria, yeast or fungi and why those fermentation products have a preservation effect. This knowledge has enabled the development of safe, clean label fermentation-derived food ingredients which can provide the same enhancement to shelf-life when added to non-fermented foods. These fermentation-derived food ingredients are produced by providing a carbohydrate rich food substrate such as sugar or milk to bacteria commonly found in food products. When culturing under optimal conditions, the natural compounds that enhance the fresh keeping of food are intentionally produced. After the cultures have consumed the carbohydrate source and the fermentation is complete, the culture is typically pasteurized to eliminate the microorganisms from the blend. The product can be evaporated, concentrated and standardized prior to use by food manufacturers. Fermentation products can then be used for colour, texture,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.816383
Retrieved Text: Early research into food technology concentrated on 1810 of the canning process was a decisive event. The process wasn’t called canning then and Appert did not really know the principle on which his process worked, but canning has had a major impact on food preservation techniques.
Louis pasteurs research on the spoilage of wine and his description of how to avoid spoilage in 1864 was an early attempt to apply scientific knowledge to food handling. Besides research into wine spoilage,Pasteur researched the production of alcohol ,vinegar, wines and beer, and the souring of milk . He developed pastuerization—the process of heating milk and milk products to destroy food spoilage and disease-producing organisms.In his research into food technology, Pasteur became the pioneer into bacteriology and of modern medicine.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.735184
Retrieved Text: Adequate hay storage is critical so livestock producers can minimize the loss in both value and nutrients of their hay, which makes up a large portion of their annual feed costs.
"Stored forages provide essential nutrients primarily in winter or when pastures are inadequate and are a consistent feed supply for livestock. However, some of these nutrients can be lost if forages are not stored properly," said Shannon Sand, SDSU Extension Livestock Business Management Field Specialist.
Hay stored in a barn could have around a 5 percent loss, whereas, that stored outside uncovered could have 30 percent losses due to spoilage."Barn-stored hay usually has higher nutritional value and little spoilage compared to that stored outside," Sand said.
She explained that hay stored inside allows for a reduction in contact with soil and moisture thus reducing spoilage. Some disadvantages of indoor storage are unwelcome animals, such as skunks, raccoons and other animals. Storage space is limited, and bales must be stored carefully to prevent falling or exerting too much pressure on the sides of the barn. Sand said that the initial investment in the storage building is also an important item to consider.
Increased storage space is one of the advantages to storing bales outside. Some disadvantages to outdoor storage that Sand listed include: potential spoilage and decreased nutritional value. She said to avoid spoilage, it is best to store hay outdoors on gravel or pallets end to end in north-south rows.
"Outdoor hay storage areas should ideally not be in a flood plain and with as little shade as possible, to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.730186
Retrieved Text: Cans or glass jars with metal lid can get rusted if not used properly i.e. touched by wet hands or spoon & when rust will be deep enough, tiny holes open in the can or lid may let spoilage agents in & will spoil the food. That's why we should avoid water contact from can.
Temperatures over 100 degrees Fahrenheit are harmful for canned foods. If the storage temperature rises, the risk of spoilage of food jumps sharply. There are high chances of loosing nutrient of the caned food, if stored at above 75 degree for very long period. In the glass jars the light can cause color changes and nutrient losses in foods. That's why we are advised to use the older canned food earlier than the newer one i.e. we should follow the technique of LIFO (last in first out).
We should never use foods from containers with the spoilage warning signs given on the container. So before taking the can check for statements written along the top, side or bottom seam.
You should never take loose or bulging lids on jars; leaking or badly dented can or foods with a foul odor. These all are the symbols of old or poor packaging of food. If the packaging will be old the product inside the can can't be used for longer time period.
If the cans doesn't show any sign of spoilage or damage than also you should take care as a edible inside it may deteriorate in color, flavors & nutritive value. So don't go on packaging

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.68636
Retrieved Text: If you are into livestock farming, you acknowledge the fact that success in production depends heavily on food preservation. When you preserve food for your farm animals and livestock, time is not on your side. Thankfully, there is a modern way to be efficient in food preservation, and it is via bailed silages, which allow you to store them for an extended period with minimal to zero risks of deterioration and spoilage.
While baled silage ensures you have enough feeds for future use, it is not the only benefit you are getting from it. You also retain the nutrients in the feeds and reduce the cost of production. Likewise, you avoid incurring substantial losses in the farm, thereby allowing you to make more profit. Moreover, baling corresponds to a better environment for the fermentation of the crop.
Net wraps are durable enough to withstand outdoor storage. That alone is enough to convince you that it is the best option available for baling. It can resist wear and tear in extended periods without the fear of significant damage. So, if you want to protect your silage from outdoor elements like the sun, rain, and moisture, you wouldn’t need to settle for anything less than a net wrap.
The use of a net wrap will guarantee protection against direct sunlight. One of the reasons why livestock farm owners choose to invest in building structures for indoor storage is that they are aware of the potential damage of direct sunlight to the silage. The design of the net wrap allows it to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.622543
Retrieved Text: Before they are transported, most products, especially food products, must be contained collectively in a package or placed in individual packages.
By packaging products, they are better protected during transportation, from heat, cold and moisture, and from infestation. Packaging also helps prevent lose and possible spillage.
Products that can be consumed have a specific shelf life and will eventually expire. Packaging helps reduce the rate of spoilage of goods.
Packaging containers provide important information about the product, such as its usage, expire date, warnings and ingredients.
Companies that package goods need to ensure specific packaging specifications are met. DocXellent’s ensur software includes packaging manager help that makes controlling and managing packaging documents easy.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.57434
Retrieved Text: Pasteurization does kill bad bacteria, but it also kills good bacteria and other nutrients.
Such finings may be applied at the time of the first pasteurization or just before the final filtration and bottling.
This is done by pasteurization, a method named after the French bacteriologist Louis Pasteur.
It seems strange that this can be done, for the Pasteurization of course costs something.
Pasteurization is rather an indefinite term to use, unless the time and the temperature to which the milk is subjected are given.
Pasteurization does not remove chemical impurities; boiling dirt does not render it harmless.
1885, from pasteurize + -ation.
The process of heating a beverage, such as milk or beer, to a specific temperature for a specific period of time in order to kill microorganisms that could cause disease, spoilage, or undesired fermentation.
The process of destroying most microorganisms in certain foods, such as fish or clam meat, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage.
A process in which an unfermented liquid, such as milk, or a partially fermented one, such as beer, is heated to a specific temperature for a certain amount of time in order to kill pathogens that could cause disease, spoilage, or undesired fermentation. During pasteurization, the liquid is not allowed to reach its boiling point so as to avoid changing its molecular structure.
The process of destroying most pathogens in certain foods, such as fish or clams, by irradiating them with gamma rays or other radiation to prevent spoilage. See Note at Pasteur.
Heating a fluid, such as milk, for a specific period

########
Rank: 24
Score: 22.500223
Retrieved Text: A variety of microorganisms can use food as a growth medium. End products they produce can be desirable (fermented foods), undesirable (spoilage), or harmful (foodborne illness).
■ Name three foods that rely on microbial metabolism for their production.
■ Differentiate between fermentation and spoilage.
■ Which end products of fermentation might inhibit other microorganisms?
Figure 32.1 Fermented Foods Fermented foods have been intentionally altered in their production by carefully controlling the growth and activity of microorganisms.
Biochemical changes in foods, when perceived as undesirable, are called spoilage (figure 32.2). The processes that cause spoilage are often the same ones involved in fermentation of foods. In fact, a food product considered by one cultural population to be fermented may be considered spoiled by another. Sour milk and moldy bread are examples of foods considered spoiled as a result of microbial growth. The souring of milk, however, involves micro-bial processes analogous to those that cause the agreeable acidic flavor of sour cream, and the mold growing on bread may be related to the one that causes the blue veining in Gorgonzola cheese.
Growth of pathogens such as Clostridium botulinum, Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella species, and E. coli O157:H7 can result in foodborne illness but generally does not result in perceptible changes in quality of a food. Depending on the type of pathogen, the illness may result from consuming either the living organisms or the toxins they have produced during growth.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 22.500116
Retrieved Text: Want your garden vegetables to stay fresher for longer? Different vegetables have different storage techniques, and it’s good to know them so you can maximize the shelf lives of your foods. Applying the correct storage tips will not only keep your veggies edible but also prevent premature spoilage and waste.
Now when it comes to vegetable spoilage, there are certain signs to look for. Mold growth is a common tell, but inspecting the flesh is another effective method. Once the flesh of your vegetables turn green, mushy, soft, or slimy, then they’re already starting to spoil. They won’t be good for cooking anymore but you can always add them to your compost pile instead of just throwing them away.
To learn more about shelf lives, spoilage signs and storage tips for your organic vegetables, please refer to this guide attached below. You may also share it by clicking the social buttonson this page.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.47509
Retrieved Text: Just so we’re all on the same page, preservatives are a type of food additive added to food to prolong shelf life and keep the products from being broken down by microorganisms (yummy). Mold, bacteria, and yeast can cause food spoilage and are found practically everywhere (including the air we breathe).
And these modern additions have certainly made an impact. In fact, some researchers believe preservatives have changed eating habits and food production patterns more than any other type food additive. Before running to the pantry to look at what preservatives are listed on those yummy snack packs, let’s highlight some of the preservatives to keep an eye out for.
Ascorbic Acid. A form of vitamin C and found naturally in fruits and veggies, ascorbic acid is an antioxidant that helps protect the body from free radicals (molecules that are produced when the body breaks down foods or is exposed to things like cigarette smoke or radiation). It’s an FDA approved preservative and found all over the grocery store. Typically, ascorbic acid is used to help prevent food spoilage in a wide range of products from cereal to beverages.
Aspartame. A very common artificial sweetener, aspartame tastes up to 220 times sweeter than natural sugar! Sometimes it goes by the names NutraSweet and Equal (sound familiar?), and although there were rumors circulating that aspartame was linked to cancer, the FDA has re-approved its safety after additional research.
Taurine. Taurine is a substance that helps maintain water and electrolyte balance in the blood. While it’s naturally found in meat, fish, and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.362926
Retrieved Text: The new crafting system makes mass crafting food exploitable. Of course, its a single player game so you can choose not to use it.
But personally, I don’t like the fact that when you butcher a moose, you can only cook/dehydrate around 1/4 of it before the rest spoils(hyperbole).
All you have to do? Craft whatever you want using the meat(like dehydrated meat) and don’t complete it, but keep crafting new batches and it’ll turn into the new food, then when all you have are in progress dehydrated meats (0%) and no raw chunks of meat, start crafting them. They’ll have the spoilage rates of dehydrated meat but they’re not dehydrated meats yet. This exploit really only works on foods with a long time before spoilage.
Its quite annoying to craft food that ends up rotting right as you craft it or right before.
Would it be possible to pause spoilage during cooking, and can there be an option to batch craft more than 20 items at once? This way, you would be able to cook an entire moose without it spoiling as you cook it.
I wouldn’t call it an exploit as of what you mentioned earlier because of the food spoiling while crafting it, and spoiling the whole batch as a result of accidently crafting with rotten food.
Well it’s sort of a exploit, you do nothing to the meat but the spoilage rates slow down because you made it an in-progress craft.
Technically you have done something to the meat. You’ve already started the process of drying/smoking/salting. It’s not like

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.339252
Retrieved Text: In every business, the end goal is to make a profit from the company; therefore, the restaurant managers should know how to make a profit through cost-cutting. Some food should not be purchased in bulk due to spoilage, and the manager should know these type of food. Perishable foods are purchased in small quantities because they get bad easily resulting in huge loses. Employee turnovers should be kept very low, and so these managers should have the capabilities of devising strategies to prevent the turnover at a low volume. Hiring more experienced workers is one of the plans. Skilled workers will work faster and perform a big job which would otherwise have been performed by a large group of inexperienced workers.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.290405
Retrieved Text: What is it then that makes it last so long?
In this recipe, they also state it would last up to a year, but they also add oil; doesn't the oil make this sauce even more susceptible to both spoilage and botulism due to the garlic in it?
Your instinct is right, there is nothing that would prevent botulism or other bacteria from growing at room temperature. This is a classic “but we’ve always done it that way, so it must be ok” case. Looking at the protagonists in the videos, I would assume that those are simply family recipes.
The problem is that there is a fundamental difference between safe food and not spoiled food. We can clearly define what makes food or a preparation method safe, but once something is not longer safe it doesn’t automatically become spoiled.
In (traditional) cooking, unsafe methods are used often enough, for many reasons and sometimes on purpose, just think of steak tartare. And in many (I am tempted to say “most”) cases, with no ill effect. It’s often statistics that work in favor of the users. Consider botulism: The absolute risk of the bacteria being present and finding favorable conditions to grow is low, but the consequences of ingesting the toxin (not the bacteria) are dire. Refrigerator temperatures will slow down the growth, still I would assume 6-12 months too risky (considering that the official recommendation for garlic in oil is less than a week in the fridge).
As always when getting recipes from random sources, use common sense.
Not the answer you're

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What can be removed to preserve food?" and the following answer choices: 
- water
 - nutrients
 - toxins
 - salt
 - A virus
 - sugar
 - leeches
 - peat

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and dehydration is the removal of water, choose the best answer.

Target Text: water

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.666162
Retrieved Text: Read our guest bloggers perspectives about their experiences at Nourse Farm.
“As a temporary representative of Nourse Farm, I was able to see how interested people are to learn about where their food comes from. There are some big social questions being raised in our culture right now: is mass production of food a good thing? Is it as flavorful as what is grown on smaller, local farms? Can processed, prepackaged food meet our nutrition needs the way whole foods can? When I buy food that is mass-produced, where does my money go? Why are there large-scale foodborne illness outbreaks that make the news, like spinach being recalled for E. coli contamination?
I’m not sure we have all the answers yet, as a culture. What I do know is that as a nutrition professional I will be guiding people in answering these types of questions for themselves. For that reason, the opportunity to learn and experience first-hand how food is grown has been invaluable to me. Farms have so much to teach us, as many of us are well-removed from how to plant, grow, harvest, preserve, and even cook food. There are many systems in place to keep us separated from those processes. What we lose in that separation is true connection to what food really is: life force, vitality, longevity, and survival. Being part of this labor of love, from pushing a seed into the dirt to shaking your farmer’s hand and thanking him, gives cause for celebration of something so basic and necessary as food.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.881079
Retrieved Text: Fill Your Pantry With Your Own Homegrown Food!
Are you familiar with the six potentially deadly canning sins?
Do you know how to replace a gasket for an old but tried-and-true pressure canner?
Could you use some shortcuts to finish freezing food faster?
Would you like to know the canning advice that Kerr® and Ball® don’t tell you?
… you should read this FREE guide, What is Food Preservation? How to Can Food, How to Dehydrate Food, How to Freeze Dry, and Pickling Food Preservation from Apples to Zucchini.
What is food preservation? It’s more than just canning!
As your grocery bill keeps climbing and additives continue to affect your health and the taste of your food, one of the best things you can do for yourself and your family is to learn how to preserve food.
And even if you’ve been canning for years, there’s still a lot left to learn, if only because old methods have gotten out of date, and new methods can save you time and money.
You don’t even have to grow the food you want to preserve, because it’s still a huge savings to buy food in bulk and preserve it for later – though once you’ve read this FREE guide and found out how much fun it can be, you may find yourself starting or enlarging a garden, just to have more produce to preserve!
It’s true: The freshest, ripest, tastiest, most-nutritious food comes from your own garden or from local farmers. Of course, this delicious produce is only available fresh for a few weeks or months every year.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.656864
Retrieved Text: Odorous molecules are absorbed to oligosaccharide. With evaporated components of wasabi, these molecules change to odorless gas and smells are removed.
Volatile gas in the components of wasabi floating in the air prevents mold from growing and removes invisible spores or mold by roots.
Components of wasabi reduce insects, bacteria and fungi and preserve freshness 3~10 times longer to prevent food from spoiling.
Wasabi is specified as “plant can be used for food without limit” in food section of Food & Drug Administration. Ingredients extracted from natural wasabi which has been proven to be safe for food are used to Wasabia.
Antibacterial substances destroy the internal structure of bacteria and prevent it from growing. “Bacteria did not grow at room temperature of 37 ̊C in 48 hours.
1Wasabia prevents fungi which cause hypersensitivity pneumonia from developing.
2Wasabia prevents pathogenic bacteria which cause food poisoning from developing.
Products which have passed FDA quality testing ?
제품의 Safeness에 대해 지속적으로 모니터를 합니다.
in Gangwon-do with clean water and constant temperature throughout the year.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.491419
Retrieved Text: In case you or someone you love is new to food allergies, start with the basics of understanding the condition, in addition to how one can forestall and treat reactions. Then, like a unclean bathtub ring, modern degenerative illnesses decimate those people at the periphery in touch with trendy foods. Unfortunately, such penalties are so far removed in time from the consuming regimen that brought on them that few understand the connection.
Also trim pores and skin and fats off meat products and check out grilling them quite than frying them. Deep fried foods similar to French fries ought to be eaten moderately. Preserve cooking and eating utensils clean. Traditional outside desserts like popsicles and ice cream are great, however try making these summery treats healthy or connoisseur twists.
Most individuals who start the Paleo food plan plan see wonderful outcomes within the first two or three weeks, so in case you are nonetheless searching for a food regimen plan that will help you decrease your blood sugar and your physique weight, it is one you need to take into account.
Italian cookery is exceptionally varied, nutritious and healthy; traditions have been handed down from one family to the next over the centuries, and are related mainly with nation life in that dishes are directly linked to what the Earth produces over the altering seasons: in other words, healthful cooking whose goodness is determined by all-natural ingredients.
This does not mean no processed or cooked foods should be eaten. Worst can be non-fat, pasteurized, homogenized, artificially flavored and sugared yogurt

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.416365
Retrieved Text: By default this rewriter is disabled, but you can enable it from the Rewriter Settings pane of the Google APIs Console.
* This comment will be removed.
// Print on the screen. This comment will also be removed.
Since all comment blocks are removed by this rewriter, you will need to use @preserve or @license to retain comment blocks containing legal licenses or copyright text, as shown below.
* @preserve Copyright 2011 SomeThirdParty.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.280079
Retrieved Text: The fastest and easiest home food preservation system! Are you tired of throwing away hundreds of dollars away on spoiled food? Luckily Air Lock Vacuum Sealer is here to save the day! This handheld vacuum sealer comes with 4 double-gallon bags that are freezable, reusable, and leak-proof. Not to mention Air Lock Vacuum Sealer comes with a USB charging cable to recharge the battery again and again; one charge can seal hundreds of bags.
Simply put the food you want to preserve in the vacuum sealer bag, connect the vacuum sealer to the bag, and all the excess air is removed from the bag in 15-30 seconds. This keeps food lasting 3 times longer, marinates meat and fish in a matter of minutes, and freezer burn is completely eliminated.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.86991
Retrieved Text: 1. Why Tyffyn and not another lunchbox?
Tyffyn is the most advanced thermally-insulated lunchbox in the world. It was engineered using state-of-the-art technology to ensure that your food stays the way you like it, hot or cold, for longer. It was also designed to prevent spills and for easy portability. For more information, please click here.
2. What is my Tyffyn made of?
Tyffyn is made of the highest-quality, food-grade stainless steel. The food containers are coated on the outside with a non-toxic copper finish. The lids are made of durable, shatterproof FDA-approved BPA-free plastic.
Our materials are also compliant with the most current European standard: RoHS and SVHC.
3. Is the “Wool” style made of actual wool material? Is the “Maple” style made of actual wood material?
No, all styles are made of food-grade stainless steel, with a painted finish or with graphics printed on the outside.
4. How do I open my Tyffyn?
5. Can I place my Tyffyn horizontally?
For maximum safety and optimal leak resistance, always keep your Tyffyn standing upright.
6. What can I carry in my Tyffyn?
Tyffyn was designed to keep your food hot or cold, depending on your needs. It was not designed to carry both hot and cold food at the same time.
Tyffyn is especially well suited for moist, dense, and hot food, such as stews, rice, minestrone and other soups, mashed potatoes, lasagna and other baked pasta, ratatouille, dumplings, etc.
Tyffyn is also suitable for cold food, such as salad, cold tofu, yogurt, ice cream, fruit, cheese, cold noodles, gazpacho, potato salad, rice salad, cole slaw, deviled eggs,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.78071
Retrieved Text: In contrast with modern domestic appliances, the Groundfridge doesn't rely on electricity. It is designed to be buried underground where, due to thermal inertia, temperatures are constant throughout the year. According to Weltevree, burying the fridge allows it to remain consistently between 10 and 12 degrees celsius throughout the year, meaning it can be used to store produce such as vegetables, wine, or cheese.
The Groundfridge is placed in the ground and covered with the excavated earth. This layer of soil, about 1 meter thick, works as insulation so the temperature inside the fridge hardly varies. There is no building permit required to place the Groundfridge, and the displaced soil doesn’t need to be removed, which makes it an appealing addition to any home. florisschoonderbeek.nl shares more about this Groundfridge.
This spherical refrigerator by Dutch designer Floris Schoonderbeek is buried underground, keeping food cool without using electricity.
It is based on traditional root cellars – spaces dug into the earth to preserve food and drink.
Watch the short video on the next page to learn how to bury a Groundfridge.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.707882
Retrieved Text: Dehydation produces basically the same food with about 75 percent of its moisture removed. The only threat to deterioration is the remaining moisture. When dehydrating food, it is better to over-dry than under-dry. Once dehydrated, food is best preserved further when packed inside airtight moisture-proof jars, vacuum sealed bags or containers. Dehydrated food should be stored in a cool, dark area such as a pantry or cupboard. According to the Department of Nutrition, Dietetics and Food Science at Brigham Young University, rice, corn, wheat and grains that have been properly dehydrated, canned and stored can last 30 years or more. Dehydrated vegetables, fruits, and pastas have a shelf life of up to 30 years. Powdered milks or milk substitutes can last up to 20 years.
According to the Living Journal, "Living foods are uncooked foods," and "dehydrating food dates back to Biblical times when it was a necessity." Modern dehydrators produce a thin food material with its vitamins and minerals still present. Dried vegetables and sprouts, naturally low in "high-cholesterol" fats, are high in fiber. Almost no Vitamin C is lost in dehydration, and all Vitamin A, Beta Carotene, in plant foods is retained. Minerals such as selenium, potassium and magnesium are preserved. Many supporters of the raw foods diet still use dehydrated foods as main food sources due to the rich concentration of nutrition and enzymes.
Dried foods can be rather pricey in a store. A food dehydrator enables you to preserve fresh, nutritious foods in your own home at a fraction of the cost. The shelf

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.655542
Retrieved Text: Whether your project is a multifunctional skyscraper or home renovation, you want it to be finished on time and on budget. However, construction is a complex process involving many different parties and this complexity raises the potential for disputes.
At Lawrences, we have represented individuals, project managers, subcontractors, suppliers, lenders, and design professionals, providing cost-effective solutions and quality client service in construction disputes. Where possible, we help our clients avoid litigation, since litigation can be costly and time-consuming. Where necessary, we take prompt, effective legal action to preserve your rights.
Lawrences’ Litigation Group is experienced in litigating, mediating, and arbitrating defects on construction projects, liens, delays, priorities, warranty, breach of trust, performance bonds, contractual disputes, requests for proposal and tendering, land-use disputes, and collection claims.
What is a construction lien? How do I “perfect” my preserved lien? Who is entitled to a construction lien? Are there time periods for lien claims? What does it mean to “preserve” a lien? Can I register a construction lien on the last day? Can my preserved lien expire? How do I prevent this? What are the advantages to registering a construction lien? Does work completed on a home renovation qualify under the Construction Lien Act? There is a lien on my property. I need it removed to complete the project. What do I do? There is a construction lien registered against my property from work that was done a long time ago. Can I get it removed? Our home renovation contractor has left the project unfinished and with many deficiencies. Can we hire

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.520346
Retrieved Text: Preserve your sockets. Preserve your jaw.
Every tooth and its surrounding bone are subjected to the daily stress of chewing. Because the human body is programmed to reduce bone that is no longer used, once the tooth is removed, so is that pounding stress, and the body resorbs the bone. The jaw begins to atrophy and lose its shape.
To prevent this, socket preservation should be done at the time of tooth removal to fill the space where the tooth was and preserve it until your restorative process can be started.
Without socket preservation, a 30 to 60% loss in bone volume occurs within six months. To find out more about how socket preservation helps pave the way for implantation, please contact Dr. Sayed to discuss socket grafting before having a tooth removed.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.507717
Retrieved Text: Contact us at 346-214-4807 for any information related to root canal cost or you want to avail root canal services.
Root canal is an extremely effective way to treat an infected tooth. Endodontic therapy can not only preserve the tooth but also protect it from further damages. Today, with advanced dental technologies and sedation dentistry, dental procedures have become less complicated. Therefore, getting through a root canal is no more a problem. If a deep tooth cavity is left untreated, it can result in severe dental problems. Reach out to us if you are experiencing the discomforts caused by an infected tooth.
The endodontist will do an x-ray of the mouth to check if there are any indications of infection around the bone area.
Then the area around the tooth will be numbed.
The next step would be to apply a dental dam in that area.
The endodontist will then make a hole in your tooth by drilling it.
After that, the food particles and the infected nerves will be removed.
Then the space will be filled with a temporary filling.
Your tooth will be restored with a dental crown after a few days.
If dental procedures are repeated.
If a tooth is chipped.
Why Must an Infected Pulp Be Removed?
To prevent the tooth from getting completely infected.
To prevent bacteria formation from increasing.
To prevent a hole that can appear in the side of the tooth.
What are the Symptoms that May Indicate the Need of Root Canal?
When tooth sensitivity turns into a persistent discomfort.
The color of your tooth appears dark.
A persistent boil or a pimple on your gums.
If

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.385891
Retrieved Text: A vacuum sealer is one of the most popular type of kitchen device used today because of the features and its importance. Whether one is looking to preserve food or store it for the long haul, a vacuum sealer comes in handy. Before buying any food saver, it’s essential to know what features to look for and ways to maintain it. VacuumSealerLand.com has great advice and reviews of latest vacuum sealers to help you make the right choice.
If stuck on whether to invest in a vacuum sealer, here are some several reasons to convince you.
Food preservation doesn’t begin with left-overs on the table. Buying in bulk is not only cheaper, it also reduces your trips to the local farmers market. Moreover, one can still preserve the freshness of their supplies by placing their produce in a vacuum sealer. What’s more, one can protect their perishable food from freezer burn by vacuum sealing.
Freezing some foods can take away their flavor and taste. Using a vacuum sealer ensures that you get to enjoy the taste of the favorite foods two months later. For individuals who’d rather freeze their food, place it first in a food saver and refrigerate it later to preserve the taste.
This is one of the creative and interesting ways to use a vacuum sealer. You don’t have to spend money on quality steak when you can enjoy dry aged beef at home. Seal your beef for some time and enjoy the flavorful taste and texture of quality beef.
Busy career people do not have time to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.273949
Retrieved Text: What is a Healthy Non-Toxic Moisturizer & Makeup Remover?
Our skin is our largest organ and biggest surface area of our body. What we put on it is absorbed into our body, circulates in our bloodstream, and into our organs. What we put on it has just as much effect as what we put in it i.e. food wise. Therefore, I wouldn’t put anything on my skin, I wouldn’t want to eat, so coconut oil is the winning move.
Reduce bacteria *It is a great natural antibacterial cream!
It is a great makeup remover that is gentle on the skin (especially great eye make up remover to preserve thin skin around eyes).
How Do I Use it as a Makeup Remover?
Now rub that mixture all over your face, like you're literally washing your face with a cleanser, gently rubbing all all the make up loose for 1-2 mins.
Now soak a hot flannel in hot water, and put it directly on your face, like a mini steam bath on your face.
Now gently use the soaked hot flannel to rub away the coconut oil and make up.
Rinse the flannel and repeat 1-2 times until all make up is removed.
You should now be sparkly and refreshed!
You can now continue with your regular face wash evening routine.
Can I use it as a Face Moisturizer?
It is best used as a body moisturizer. I use it as a facial moisturizer but I have peers who find that it is is a bit too oily/makes them breakout.
When I use it, I use very little. It varies per

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.116169
Retrieved Text: Occasionally, I rant about how much I despise canning foods… it’s always been a pain, in my opinion, and quite messy. That said, I know it can be a great way to put a lot of food if you’re willing to do so, and I’m just not THAT willing, lol.
Fortunately, there are plenty of other ways to stockpile food without refrigeration or canning, and the following article discusses three of them: fermentation, dry curing (meats), and dehydrating.
Personally, I’ve gotten into fermentation in the past few years and, for the most part, it’s really easy to do. I’ve only done a bit of curing and I used to do a lot of dehydrating, though, I’ve slowed on that once I really discovered freeze-dried foods.
Regardless, they’ll all great ways to preserve many healthy foods for the long term and I would strongly encourage you to try you hand at one or more of these methods if you’ve never done so.
“Canned food is so prevalent today that it’s hard to imagine life without it. When you have extra produce that you want to preserve, most people will tell you to can it.
But, what happens when you don’t have the equipment you need for proper canning? What if you run out of flat lids and can’t go to the store for more? Or if you can’t start a fire and keep it going long enough to properly heat and process your jars?
Depending on what happens, canning extra food may not always be possible. You need some alternatives.
Canning was thought to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.065752
Retrieved Text: Researchers at Big Cypress National Preserve caught the largest python ever found in the Everglades area just west of Miami. According to the Facebook post that accompanied the eye-popping photo, the female python was more than 17 feet long, weighed 140 pounds, and contained 73 developing eggs.
Scientists explained they were using a new research program using radio transmitters to track male pythons back to their nests to locate breeding females. It was this tracking program that lead the team to this giant breeding female.
The team not only removes the invasive snakes, but collects data for research, develop new removal tools, and learn how the pythons are using the Preserve.
In 2013, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission held the Great Python Challenge.
It was conceived as a way to raise awareness about this invasive species’ threat to our native wildlife and our fragile Everglades ecosytem. The snakes, which grow to around 15 feet and can weigh more than 200 pounds, have no natural predators in Florida. The pythons are known to eat our protected Key Deer, alligators, endangered wood storks – whatever they can catch. And they are voracious eaters according to The Nature Conservancy, eating nearly 200 pounds of food in five years.
While researchers have been hard pressed to provide specific population numbers in the Everglades, a rapid number of increased sightings from 2005 to 2010 is concerning. The species was once relegated to only Everglades National Park and Miami-Dade County, but recent tracking shows pythons are moving westward into locations such as Big Cypress National

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.965418
Retrieved Text: The days are getting shorter and autumn is moving in. Yet in our gardens and at our local farmers’ markets, we have an abundance of fresh produce. Did you know that you can preserve many of your favorite foods in olive oil and enjoy a bit of summer through the fall and winter?
For centuries, people have sought ways to preserve their food and reap the benefits of the harvest all year long. In many of the countries around the Mediterranean, one of the most natural ways to preserve food was, and still is, with olive oil. Olive oil can be used to preserve vegetables, meats, fish, cheese and herbs. My Italian family is especially adept at preserving sott'olio (meaning “under the oil”); my French friends remind me that the recipes are really à l’huile and in Spanish, the recipes are en aceite de oliva.
Why preserve in olive oil?
Olive oil is a natural preservative that prevents spoilage by isolating the food from air, providing a seal that can delay oxidation, deterioration and molding.
In the days before refrigeration, the summer months were perhaps the busiest time of year as people spent hours filling canning jars to preserve and store the summer’s bounty. Even today, many people enjoy canning their own fruits and vegetables, not only to preserve the fresh, home-grown taste, but also as a money-saving way to enjoy the best of the garden all year round. While there may be less need to preserve your own food, given the modern conveniences such as refrigeration, commercial cold storage,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.912577
Retrieved Text: Pronounced [chee-KOHs] this kiln dried corn is a specialty of the northern part of the Southwest. The word "chico" in Spanish means little boy. Our discusses history, uses, nutrition and includes recipes.
Pronounced [chee-KOHs] this kiln dried corn is a specialty of the northern part of the Southwest. The word "chico" in Spanish means little boy. These little corn kernels are used in a variety of dishes including beans (frijoles) and chicos and as well as preparations with pork and chiles.
"Chicos are corn in the soft dough stage that has been steamed in the husk and dried. Traditionally, a pit was dug in the ground and the soil heated by burning wood in it for 1 to 2 days. The fire is removed an green ears in the husks are then placed in the pit and covered with soil.. the partially roasted ears are removed, the husks stripped back, and the ears tied together in pairs and hung out to dry. The kernels were roasted to kill the grains, and to help them dry faster to preserve their food value. Chicos are generally cooked with chile and green onions, or in stews".
Chicos can be difficult to find outside of the Southwest. Normally they are available at specialty food shops. Dried corn should be stored in a cool, dry location such as your pantry. You can place the corn in large jars with tight fitting lids. The corn can be stored for several months.
Wash chicos and beans until clean, put into a large pot with water. Bring to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.899086
Retrieved Text: At your first consultation, your doctor will review your medical history and discuss the reason for opting for egg freezing. You will be briefed in detail about what you can expect during the procedure, the pros and cons, if egg freezing is a good option for you and the costs involved.
Once you and your doctor decide that egg freezing will be helpful for you to preserve your fertility, you will be introduced to the first stage of egg freezing – ovulation induction. Ovulation induction involves the injection of medication such as follicle stimulating hormone to stimulate the ovaries to release eggs. You will be followed-up with vaginal ultrasounds to monitor egg release.
Once the eggs are released, they are removed by an egg retrieval procedure. These are then frozen under subzero temperatures until you are ready to use them for conception. Freezing ceases all biological activities and helps preserve the eggs for years. A substance called cryoprotectant is usually added to prevent the formation of crystals.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.798182
Retrieved Text: It’s the middle of the summer, and the garden is producing loads of fruits and vegetables. Are you taking advantage of this and preserving some for later in the year when fresh food is hard to come by? You need to know how to preserve fruits and vegetables so you can stretch your harvest for months to come.
It’s so sad that today less and less people are preserving their harvest. We’ve gotten used to fast everything and it’s a shame.
Farmer’s markers are full of goodies. Neighbors are giving away extra produce because they are sick and tired of eating the same veggies over and over. But you are smarter than that, right? Here are 5 ways to preserve your harvest.
Freezing garden vegetables and fruits is my favorite way of preserving the harvest. It’s fast and it preserves the nutrients the best.
The only disadvantage to freezing food is that you’re limited by the amount of room you have in your freezer. Of course, if you’re serious about preserving your hard worked harvest, you might just invest in a second freezer, like many of us do.
You can freeze produce straight from the garden to use in dishes later, or you can actually make freezer friendly meals and freeze those for easy dinners during the holidays or other busy times.
Freezing is also a great way to preserve summer fruits that only last a short time once picked: blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, etc.
While it takes a bit longer to preserve food this way, canning is one of the most versatile

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.663485
Retrieved Text: Anchovies are a very important part of the flavor of Italian food. However, many people, even fans of Italian food claim to not like anchovies. Some people have bad memories of smelly little fish on pizza that have forever tainted their view of Italian food that includes anchovies. Unbeknownst to many of these people is the fact that anchovies are widely used in Italian food and it's likely that some of their favorite Italian food dishes are made with anchovies. These small and often misunderstood fish are used extensively in Italian food and there comes a point when it is impossible to enjoy Italian food without running into these little guys. Anchovies are a small saltwater fish.
They are only about three inches long but pack quite a flavor. There are six different species of anchovies that are used in Italian food. From April to September is the Sicilian anchovy season and these species are lighter in flavor than the Spanish anchovies that make up a bulk of the anchovies used in Italian food. Anchovies must quickly be preserved in order to keep the flavor that is wanted for Italian food intact. The most traditional way to preserve anchovies is packed in salt.
This is the best way to guarantee an authentic Italian food flavor. Soon after the fish are caught they are cleaned and washed in salt brine and then set out to dry. The fish are then layered in round tins with sea salt in between each layer. The tins are then left to season for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.621655
Retrieved Text: It’s bad enough enduring endless images of war, pestilence and medieval corruption in a modern setting but lately we’ve had a front row seat to a mother’s grief at the death of her offspring as the world’s attention was rivetted to the tragic spectacle of a female orca swimming along the surface of the Salish Sea keeping her dead offspring afloat.
Meanwhile biologists are scrambling to save the emaciated 4-year-old female orca known as J50 who is sick, starving and now missing from the rest of the dwindling population of southern resident orcas.
Gov. Jay Inslee got it right when he said, “The recent, tragic death of the orca calf is heartbreaking and we all feel the pain of the mother and her pod.
Inslee said we must preserve the complex ecosystem that supports the orca and he is right about that.
This is an ecosystem has been compromised by over-fishing, pollution and development.
Inslee mentioned restoring the salmon from the Columbia and Snake rivers that the orca depend on for food.
Removing the Snake River dams has been suggested but that would years and what’s happening with the orca is an immediate emergency.
Inslee mentioned reducing pollution, particularly carbon emissions to preserve the orca and who could be against that?
He failed to mention the estimated 97,000 pounds of drugs, hormones and personal care product residues that are pumped into the water every year by 106 publicly owned wastewater treatment plants in Puget Sound.
The chemicals are not monitored, regulated or removed from wastewater.
A landmark study by NOAA scientists found an alphabet soup of

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.551865
Retrieved Text: The 197-acre Fullerton Park Forest Preserve in Addison is a patchwork of prairie, woods and wetlands that plays a valuable role in stormwater management. It also has the Forest Preserve District's only designated area for model-craft helicopters; drones can also be flown at the model-craft field.
Fullerton Park contains several regionally rare plants such as indigo bush, short green milkweed, gentians and wild rice. Because of its diverse habitats, the forest preserve also hosts a variety of grassland and marshland birds, including black-crowned night herons, ospreys, Wilson’s snipes, American woodcocks and other state and regionally rare species. Ecologists have recorded northern leopard frogs, beavers, red foxes, coyotes, water snakes, midland painted turtles and garter snakes at Fullerton Park and more than 100 different kinds of invertebrates, including beetles, butterflies, crayfish, freshwater mussels, dragonflies and damselflies.
The entrance to Fullerton Park is on Grace Street, one block south of Fullerton Avenue and north of North Avenue (Route 64).
If you enjoy flying model helicopters or drones, you can do so in the designated area west of Grace Street but you must have a valid Forest Preserve District permit in your possession. Picnic tables are located near the field.
In presettlement times, the preserve contained sedge meadows, marshes and a flatwood swamp in its low-lying areas. Mesic and dry prairie flourished on the ridges and slopes of the site. Water from the marshes flowed north, under what is now Fullerton Road and into a slough. The slough then emptied into Westwood Creek, a tributary of Salt Creek.
Settlers moved into the area that’s

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.51977
Retrieved Text: Our goal is always to preserve your natural teeth no matter the situation. However, when a damaged tooth is beyond saving, we can perform a safe and comfortable tooth extraction.
If you think you need a tooth removed, contact Redwood Dental today and we will take x-rays to determine what option is best for you.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.486355
Retrieved Text: There are nodes like Identity and CheckNumerics that are only useful during training, and can be removed in graphs that will be used for nothing but inference. Here we identify and remove them, returning an equivalent graph. To be specific, CheckNumerics nodes are always removed, and Identity nodes that aren't involved in control edges are spliced out so that their input and outputs are directly connected.
input_graph: Model to analyze and prune.
protected_nodes: An optional list of names of nodes to be kept unconditionally. This is for example useful to preserve Identity output nodes.
A list of nodes with the unnecessary ones removed.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.415941
Retrieved Text: The days of ripping apples and mushrooms out of plastic wrapping could be coming to an end.
Supermarket giant Tesco is removing plastic-wrapped fruit and veg from two stores in a new initiative.
Apples, mushrooms, peppers, onions, bananas and avocados are among the produce that will be available loose at Tesco Extra stores in Watford and Swindon.
A total of 45 foods wrapped in plastic will be removed and customers will be asked for their views.
Sarah Bradbury, Tesco’s director of quality, said: “We want to remove as much plastic as we can from our products, only using what is necessary to protect and preserve our food.
“We hope this trial proves popular with customers.
"We’ll be keeping a close eye on the results, including any impact on food waste.
The supermarket has also announced plans to ban hard-to-recycle plastics by the end of the year and making their packaging fully recyclable by 2025.
Tesco has also teamed up with Swindon-based firm ‘Recycling Technologies’ to launch a system that converts soft plastics back in to oil and is encouraging consumers to bring items not accepted by local authorities to 10 stores in Bristol and Swindon areas.
According to government reports, supermarkets are responsible for over 800,000 tonnes of plastic packaging each year and in the UK pay less towards collecting and recycling their plastic waste more than any other European country.
Taxpayers pay around 90 per cent of the cost and fewer than half of local councils provide on-street recycling bins.
Also, if marine plastic pollution continues to rise at its current rate, the amount of plastic

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.367762
Retrieved Text: Shouldn’t food be made with just FOOD ingredients? If this is true, then why does almost every food product in the super market today contain ingredients that are not FOOD? Most packaged food in the supermarket are loaded with chemicals and do we stop to wonder if these chemicals are really benefitting us, the consumer? If food is our body’s FUEL, the elixir that nourishes us and keeps us running like a well-oiled machine, should we be adding chemicals to maximize shelf life? Would we buy a carrot that is injected with chemicals to preserve the freshness? If not, then why do we buy packaged food that is packed with chemicals to preserve freshness?
We are not soldiers in a battlefront, disconnected from any access to fresh food and yet we still buy food that can last forever. Canned food was developed during World War I to optimize shelf life so troops could have access to food for an extended period of time. The intent was certainly not to optimize nutrition. No wonder we need so many multi vitamins to nourish us today. Studies suggest that fresh and frozen foods are far more nutritious than canned food.
To quote Michael Pollen, author of the Omnivores dilemma, the best thing you can do for your health is cook from scratch. The next best thing you could do is choosing foods that are made with whole food ingredients vs. food that is made with pre-processed foods like pastes, purees, and canned tomatoes.
Be aware of what you are compromising for convenience.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.315765
Retrieved Text: Keep your produce fresher for longer with these tips on how to keep vegetables fresh. The goal of keeping fruit and vegetables fresh is to preserve vitamins, flavour and crispness.
The best food storage methods slow deterioration and preserve freshness.
Keeping fruit and vegetables fresh as long as possible ensures that when you eat them they are of the best quality possible. To get the best value for money and the highest nutrition, check the following guide on storing vegetables and fruit.
Store only high quality produce. The potential storage life of fruit and vegetables is affected by any damage they’ve sustained during harvesting and transporting. Bruises and damage leave produce more susceptible to rot. Handle even harder vegetables gently, as although bruises may not be visible produce can still sustain damage.
Store produce at lower temperatures. This is the most effective way to slow the ageing process of fruit and vegetables. As a general rule, the more mature the fruit or vegetable the better its shelf life. Slow growing vegetables such as marrow and pumpkin keep longer, whereas fast-growing plants like broccoli, mushrooms and salad greens rot faster.
The water content of fruits and vegetables is high, so even small percentages of moisture loss can result in limp and unappealing produce.
Produce should be inspected regularly for rot or pests, and affected fruits and vegetables removed before the damage spreads. Fresh vegetable storage space should be cool, dry and free of pests.
Here are some quick and useful refrigeration tips that will help you preserve flavour and crispness when storing fresh vegetables

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.255888
Retrieved Text: 3. But can there nothing be found to lessen those inconveniences, which cannot be wholly removed? To soften the evils of life, and prevent in part the sickness and pain to which we are continually exposed?
One grant preventative of pain and sickness of various kinds, seems intimated by the great Author of nature in the very sentence that intails death upon us: "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, 'till thou return to the ground.
The power of exercise, both to preserve and restore health, is greater than can well be conceived; especially in those who add temperance thereto; who if they do not confine themselves altogether to eat either "bread or the herb of the field," (which God does not require them to do) yet steadily observe both that kind and measure of food, which experience shews to be most friendly to health. and strength.
4. 'Tis probable, physic, as well as religion, was in the first ages chiefly traditional: every father delivering down to his sons, that he had himself in like manner received, concerning the manner of healing both outward hurts and the diseases incident to each climate, and the medicines which were of the greatest efficacy for the cure of each disorder.
'Tis certain, this is the method wherein the art of healing is preserved among the Americans to this day.
There diseases are indeed exceeding few; nor do they often occur, by reason of their continual exercise, and (till of late) universal temperance. But if any are sick, or bit by a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.172611
Retrieved Text: All new cookware should be washed in hot sudsy water to remove manufacturing oil and dust. After any use, allow the cookware to cool before submerging it in cold water. This will prevent warping and distortion of the cookware. Always wash the cookware after every use and dry as soon as possible to preserve the finish and eliminate any potential health hazards.
ATTENTION: Misuse is sometimes misinterpreted as manufacture’s defects!
1) Un-dissolved salt allowed to remain in contact with the cookware will cause pitting of the surface. Add salt after the liquid has reached a boil and be sure to stir well.
2) Always use cooking tools made of wood, plastic or nylon when working in an aluminum non-stick coated pan. Any sharp-edged metal cooking tools may damage the surface.
3) No foods should be stored in aluminum non-stick cookware.
4) While this set has a stainless steel induction plate, aluminum cookware typically is NOT designed to be used on ceramic or halogen stove tops and should be used with care. Make certain that the bottom of the pan does not have any sharp protrusions that could scratch the stovetop surface, and always lift it directly off rather than sliding it across.
5) Your new cookware is perfectly safe to put into the dishwasher, but the Fusion surface is so easy to clean that a quick hand wash does the trick.
6) To remove severely burnt-on food, fill the pan with enough water to cover the area to be cleaned and bring the water to a slow simmer. You may add a teaspoon

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Which of the following  has the most antioxidant benefits for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- preserved muskrat
 - preserved blueberries
 - antibiotics
 - hamburger
 - hydrogen peroxide
 - prolactin release
 - evaporation
 - Thyroid-stimulating hormone

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and blueberries retain their antioxidant benefits after dehydration, choose the best answer.

Target Text: preserved blueberries

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.839226
Retrieved Text: Eyes are composed of various components which work together to produce perfect vision. Therefore, it is important to maintain the health of all of these components including the lens, cornea, iris, nerves and blood vessels. Nature has bestowed a large collection of vitamins on human kind which are found in fruits, vegetables, seeds, nuts, legumes as well as meat. Different vitamins play an important role in maintaining the health and function of the eye. Read on to discover information about these essential vitamins.
The following detailed list contains information about the vitamins which are vital to maintain the health of the eyes and prevent eye-related diseases.
Also known as Beta Carotene, vitamin A is at the top of the list of eye-friendly vitamins. It consists of a group of compounds which exhibit antioxidant properties. Apart from playing a role in maintaining healthy growth of bones and boosting the immune system, vitamin A also offers several benefits for the eye.
It is important for maintaining the external surface of the eyes which acts as a barrier against bacteria and other harmful foreign agents. In this way, vitamin A helps in preventing eye infections.
The vitamin protects the cornea of the eye which is vital for a healthy vision.
Dry eye syndrome can be treated effectively through eye drops containing vitamin A.
The vitamin is also effective against a medical condition known as superior limbic keratoconjunctivitis which is characterized by inflammation of the eyes.
Beta Carotene is a fat soluble vitamin which can be stored in the body. It can be obtained through the following

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.354084
Retrieved Text: The Best Antioxidant Supplement : Are you getting what you're paying for?
You can choose the best antioxidant supplement for yourself easily and quickly by following the eight steps I’ve listed below. These are so important that I have dedicated this entire web page to explaining them to you in easy-to-follow detail.
The majority of supplements do not meet these eight, simple guidelines and are of such poor quality that they are a waste of your time and money.
We all want the very best value for our money. That includes buying quality products that meet or exceed our specific health needs.
I did extensive, critical research to compile this list because I know not everyone has the time, desire and background knowledge to do as thorough a job for themselves.
Click here to get my number one recommendation for the best antioxidant supplement.
You need pharmaceutical-grade standards in your antioxidant supplement to make sure you're getting exactly what you want and your body needs.
Ingredients that go into the product are tested for purity and potency first to make sure that they really are what they’re supposed to be.
Every tablet has exactly the ingredients and quantities that the label says it has.
It doesn’t have anything extra you don’t want and that might be harmful to you. Lead, mercury and PCBs are often found in supplements today because these exist throughout our environment. You don’t need to worry about other “contaminant” plants that get harvested concurrently which might end up in the product either.
Each dose will dissolve 100% in your system. Did you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.393316
Retrieved Text: The most ubiquitous supplemental source of the H-minus ion for the past 45 years in Japan and past 15 years in the USA has been so-called "alkaline ionized water", also known as "micro water", from kitchen countertop water ionizers. This water is more accurately called electrolyzed reduced water (ERW); which is the naming convention which most commonly appears in articles in scientific literature to denote this water.
This water is often called "reduced water" due to its reducing, or antioxidant activity, and has been called "microwater" by some commercial vendors due to the fact that the water exhibits a smaller cluster size than "normal" water.
There exist some people who deliberately ingest H- as a nutritional supplement for the health benefits, primarily its advantages as a primal antioxidant or primeval antioxidant, and one with extremely low molecular weight and size, allowing it access to many and varied tissues and levels of biochemical activity.
Regardless of the methodology you choose the important facts to remember are that the reproduction of negatively-ionized hydrogen brings us the most powerful antioxidant, a natural alkalizer, an anti-microbial agent, and a way to restore and maintain cellular fluid balance.
The most valuable benefits of seeking out the negative hydrogen substances are improving health, repairing tissue, reducing pain, increasing energy and reversing aging. The cells and the body as a whole are restored to and kept in the healthiest possible state.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.376173
Retrieved Text: * Antioxidant properties: One of the most prominent benefits of drinking blue tea is that it has a lot of antioxidants. These powerful bio-compounds help the body fight free radicals which are toxic and cause premature ageing. It is a good idea to detox the body once in a while with an antioxidant-rich drink like blue pea tea.
* Energises and boosts brain activity: Blue pea is proven to be a nootropic. That means it refreshes the brain and boosts its activity and function. This will keep you energised and feeling great.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 27.223915
Retrieved Text: You’ve most likely read about the health benefits alkaline water, but a novice to the topic may wonder what is the best way to make alkaline water. A lot of the confusion around this topic is due to the terminology used and it can sometimes be hard to work out which is the correct and safe path to go down.
The easiest way to start making alkaline water is to buy a water ionizer, but water ionizers come in many different shapes and sizes and without a basic understanding of the science behind making water alkaline it may be difficult for you to decide what you need from a water ionizer. So let’s begin by looking at the basics of how to make water alkaline.
One of the key things that needs to be explained in any discussion about making water alkaline is the difference between alkaline water and alkaline ionized water. It is possible to make water alkaline by simply adding chemicals to it, but in order to make alkaline ionized water you need to put the water through a process called Electrolysis. All good water ionizers use this process to produce alkaline water.
During the electrolysis process the makeup of the molecules in water is altered and this leads to two different types of water being created during the process , alkaline ionized water and and acidic ionized water.
If you purchase a water ionizer then then it will take in normal tap water and output alkaline water and acidic water. For health purposes most people will be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.024843
Retrieved Text: Our bodies are extremely complex structures and numerous complex chemical reactions continue to be performed in them throughout the day. There are complex biochemistries of the body, each of which is in a delicate balance. If this balance is toppled, it can cause diseases and disorders. Antioxidants are a group of organic substances which include many of the vital vitamins that we consume on a daily basis. Some of the most important antioxidants in the body are vitamins A, C and E and selenium, which is a mineral.
Most of the antioxidant supplements that you buy from drug stores contain these vitamins and minerals. Carotenoids are some of the other common antioxidants in our body. These carotenoids are pigmented compounds. These are the pigments that give fruits and vegetables their respective colors. Since these pigments are required to maintain the health of a person, it is important to include fruits and vegetables of all colors into your palate.
The main function of antioxidants is to remove the free oxygen radicals that form as byproducts of the biochemical reactions occurring in the body. If not removed, these free oxygen radicals can cause cancerous growths in the body. If left alone, the free radicals can cause severe damage to cell walls, causing irreparable damage to the organs. They also have the capability of altering the genetic material within the cells and other cell structures. Such sustained damage can lead to serious diseases. The anti oxidants can destroy free radicals before they have a chance of causing harm to the body

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.986021
Retrieved Text: Foods high in antioxidants have a vital role in our health and our skin, so is very important to incorporate them in our diet. By eating this amazing food the body will be able to cope better with diseases, will have more energy and brain function will improve.
There is nothing new, you probably eat them daily, but maybe you are not aware of their excellent health benefits.
Incorporate as many as you want into your daily diet to boost your complexion as well as your health.
Nuts are one of the best food and everybody should incorporate them as a part of a healthy diet.
Nuts are great super-foods for skin and are mainly composed of good fats, the same we can find in olive oil. They are also high in vegetal proteins, flavonoids, fibber, vitamins, especially vitamin E, vitamin B and vitamin C.
All nuts have health benefits: almonds, Brazil nuts, hazelnuts, pecan nuts, peanuts, walnuts, pine nuts, etc but remember to choose nuts without salt, and eat just a handful because they are high in calories.
Oily fish such as salmon, mackerel, sardines, tuna, trout, ... should form part of a healthy, balanced diet. Oily fish contain omega 3 fatty acids, which reduces the risk of developing heart related conditions.
Oily fish constitute one of the best super-foods for skin because it moisturizes the skin inside out, improving hair and skin condition. Discover DMAE in cosmetics.
Researchers suggest eating two to three portions of oily fish a week. Oily fish is higher in calories than white fish, but is worth to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.942081
Retrieved Text: Jersey Shore Cosmetics Nutrient Rich Hand Cream; Anti-aging because it contains no petrochemicals and no toxic or questionable ingredients.
Jersey Shore Cosmetics anti-aging hand cream contains the added benefits of anti-aging Sea Buckthorn Extract, which helps to combat wrinkles, dryness and premature aging.
Raspberry seed oil which is a strong anti-oxidant packed with vitamins offers an element of natural sun protection from UV-A and UV-B Rays and has anti-inflammatory properties.
Vitamin E, a powerful anti-oxidant, helps to slow down processes that damage cells.
Enjoy the benefits of softer, silky-smooth, younger-looking hands. All Natural. Vegan.
Lightly scented with Vanilla Absolute which has a deep, rich, warm vanilla aroma and is known to have antioxidant and humectant properties.
The pure extract of the vanilla soothes the senses as an aromatherapy as well as soothes all types of inflammation and protects the body from free radicals.
Jersey Shore Nutrient Dense Anti-aging hand cream; the benefits of anti-aging, moisturizing and lasting hydration.
Jersey Shore Cosmetics Nutrient Dense hand cream with anti-aging properties is formulated using the most nourishing, nutrient dense oils, flowers, plants and essential oils leaving hands and arms silky-smooth and throughly moisturized. Enjoy the benefit of younger looking hands. Feels great, smells incredible! Anti-aging because it contains no petrochemicals and no toxic or questionable ingredients. Only the good stuff. Our hand cream contains the added benefits of anti-aging Sea Buckthorn Extract, which helps to combat wrinkles, dryness and premature aging. * CoQ-10, which functions as an antioxidant and helps to protect against free radicals. * Red raspberry seed oil which is a strong anti-oxidant packed with

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.707127
Retrieved Text: ·	Zeaxanthin, which offers powerful antioxidant protection for the eyes.
·	Phycocyanin (the blue pigment that gives Spirulina its unique colour) offers antioxidant protection particularly for the liver and kidneys. It also supports immune function.
·	SOD or Superoxide Dismutase is the fastest acting, most important antioxidant in the human body. It helps protect against oxidative stress.
Anyone can reap the benefits of Spirulina, so if you’re interested in trying it out for yourself, check out our range of high quality Spirulina Tablets and Spirulina Powder all grown on the pristine Kona Coast of Hawaii and bursting with a large array of easily absorbable vitamins, minerals, enzymes and complete proteins to promote energy, regeneration and a healthy body.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.651026
Retrieved Text: Among populations in China and Japan, where high amounts of green tea are consumed daily, cancer rates are statistically lower. There is now growing scientific research from reputable sources that shows promising results as to how the active ingredients in green tea might be responsible for lowering rates of various kinds of cancer.
Green tea extract is derived from leaves of camellia sinensis. It is associated with several health benefits, many supported by preliminary scientific research. This includes potential cancer-fighting properties, and a strong antioxidant effect that protects the body from the damaging effect of free radicals.
1.Tea Polyphenols-Polyphenols are most definitely antioxidants, which means that they can reduce the risk of developing coronary artery disease and a number of other health problems.
The polyphenols found in tea have also been linked with cancer reduction, as they appear to block the action of some enzymes linked with cancer.
2.Catechins-It has been implicated in benefiting almost every organ system in the body.
It is cardioprotective, neuroprotective, anti-obesity, anti-carcinogenic, anti-diabetic, anti-artherogenic, liver protective and beneficial for blood vessel health.
These beneficial effects are seen in doses present both in green tea itself (as a drink) as well as from a supplemental form.
3.EGCG-The Great Benefit of Green Tea.(-)-Epigallocatechin gallate (egcg), an most potent antioxidant polyphenols of green tea, is associated with antioxidant, antitumor and antimutagenic activities.
The antioxidant activity is at lest 100 times effective than vitamin C and 25 timeseffective than vitamin E at protecting cells and DNA from damage which are believed to be linked to cancer, heart disease and other potentially fatal illnesses.
The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.570108
Retrieved Text: Antioxidant is a classification of several organic substances. The organic substances include, but are not limited to, vitamins C, E, and A; a mineral called selenium; and a group of organic substances known as carotenoids (i.e.: beta-carotene). Carotenoids are pigments that add the color to a majority of fruits and vegetables.
When you breathe, you take in oxygen. This oxygen causes a chemical reaction in your cells called oxidation, which is a byproduct of normal metabolism. The result of oxidation is the formation of molecules known as free radicals, which can damage cells and tissues in the body, leading to certain cancers, heart diseases, and other illnesses. Antioxidants are believed to slow down the formation of free radicals, protecting the body by diminishing and repairing damage to cells and tissues.
The following table describes various key antioxidants, the sources of the antioxidants, and potential benefits.
Note: Because the study of antioxidants is new, the research is limited. There is no evidence that isolating antioxidants in a supplement offers health benefits or hinders the formation of free radicals. Most research suggests that it's the combination of nutrients in whole foods that offer the most valuable source of antioxidants.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.504955
Retrieved Text: Make alkaline water benefits with the Bawell Platinum water ionizer machine at the touch of a button. Connecting this machine to your kitchen faucet or to the water line below your sink will allow you to make ionized alkalized water with medically research potential health benefits listed in the US National Library of Medicine Database. People wonder what exactly is alkaline water and what are its health benefits. There are many different ways to make alkaline drinking water, but only alkaline ionized water made by electrolysis has been researched and found to have antioxidant properties due to its negative Oxidation Reduction Potential and slightly higher ph. This water is called Electrolyzed Reduced Water by the scientific community and it is only made by the water electrolysis process which occurs inside water ionizers. With your own water electrolysis machine you can separate the alkaline and acidic minerals present in tap or well water to make natural alkaline water and acidic ionized water. This water alkalizer works by separating the minerals in your water allowing you to create water from a ph of 2.0 to 12.0 and a -ORP value of +600mV to -800mV. It allows you to make fresh antioxidant rich higher ph ionized drinking water everyday in unlimited amounts for yourself, your family, and even your pets. The human body is nearly 70% water by weight making water the most important nutrient within the body. By simply drinking the recommended 8 glasses per day of ionized alkalized electrolyzed living water you too will discover the health

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.37724
Retrieved Text: A Quality, Natural N-Acetyl Cysteine Supplement.
N-Acetyl Cysteine is an important amino acid and antioxidant (powerful free radical scavenger) able to work either directly in the body or by stimulating the formation of reduced glutathione (one of the body's most active antioxidant compounds). N-Acetyl Cysteine is a derivative of the amino acid L-Cysteine. Our USP grade N-Acetyl Cysteine is chosen for its efficacy and manufactured to the highest standards of quality.
Other Health Benefits of N-Acetyl Cysteine Supplements.
Besides being an essential amino acid, N-Acetyl Cysteine has many benefits to gastrointestinal health and immune health. N-Acetyl Cysteine also assists the process of removing heavy metals (such as mercury and lead) from the body. N-Acetyl Cysteine supports lung tissues and healthy lung function through its mucolytic abilities and antioxidant actions that thin mucus by undoing disulfide bonds.
If you are pregnant or nursing, consult your health care professional before taking this product.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.33034
Retrieved Text: Power antioxidants diet supplements and those derived from food nutrition can effectively enhance immune system and act as a cancer alternative treatment. You can definitely shape up and enhance your quality of life when you reward your body with sufficient amount of nutrients, vitamins and minerals. Embrace the power of the antioxidants and achieve their overwhelming benefits that can even slow the progression of arthritis, Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, cataract, hepatitis, inflammatory disorders, macular degeneration, and Parkinson’s disease. Power antioxidants such as Vitamin A, Vitamin C, and Vitamin E have been suspected by researchers to reduce cancer risk as well as prevent cancer progression. Taking power antioxidant supplements daily can effectively enhance immune system.
The reason behind this theory is that antioxidants contain a variety of vitamins and phytoenzymes with the ability to trap free radicals or deactivate reactive oxygen molecules. You should start your shape up plan by strengthening your immune system first – eat right!
A good smoother skin outside and a curvy body shape are the results of a healthy immune system. Embarking a healthy lifestyle by following a good, nutritious diet meal plan can unleash the power antioxidants for a longer life.
Prevent the spread of cancer and the onset of other chronic diseases. Antioxidants are like scavengers that search, neutralize, and get rid of free radicals. In the end, you treat an array of health problems in addition to the probability of life extension as a result of their antioxidation actions. Antioxidant diet supplements help fight oxidation, which process if left uncontrolled, can cause irreparable

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.299997
Retrieved Text: Mega Green Tea Extract (lightly caffeinated) provides powerful antioxidant effects throughout the body. Green tea contains health-promoting polyphenols including epigallocatechin-3-gallate (EGCG), a powerful antioxidant which has been the subject of extensive scientific research. So pour on the multiple health benefits with this essential extract!
The antioxidant activity of EGCG is about 25–100 times that of vitamins C and E. One cup of green tea provides roughly 100 mg of polyphenols and has antioxidant effect greater than a serving of broccoli, spinach, carrots or strawberries.
One capsule of Life Extension’s Mega Green Tea Extract provides more polyphenols than you get from drinking seven cups of green tea. This green tea extract is standardized to 98% polyphenols and contains 326.25 mg of EGCG, by far the most important polyphenol that green tea provides. And green tea powdered extracts have been shown to absorb 60%–90% better into the bloodstream and to be far more bioavailable than drinking green tea itself.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.20942
Retrieved Text: Black rice, also known as purple rice or forbidden rice, has been around for thousands of years, but has recently risen the ranks in popularity to the point where people are calling it a superfood. This colourful variation on the world's most popular staple crop is attracting a lot of attention for the very property which gives it its name – an abundance of anthocyanin pigment. On top of this, black rice is high in fibre, low in sugar, and a great source of vitamin E and iron.
Where Does Black Rice Come From?
Black rice has been eaten throughout Asia for thousands of years and has a significant history of use in China, India and Thailand. The term 'black rice' actually refers to a variety of rice types from the species Oryza sativa, and is descriptive of the colour, rather than other properties of the grain. Just like brown rice, black rice comes in a number of short grain, long grain and glutinous varieties.
Because of its unique aesthetic properties and pleasant flavour, black rice is frequently used to make sushi and desserts, and is becoming more widely available as more people become aware of the health benefits.
The pigments that give black rice its deep purple colour are called anthocyanins. These are the same types of pigment found in blueberries, black soy beans, red wine, and many other foods that have attracted attention for their health benefits. Anthocyanins are known to be powerful antioxidants.
Free radicals are unstable and highly reactive molecules. It is normal for our bodies to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.127338
Retrieved Text: For people who are interested in promoting their health, cancer can be a big worry. It is a leading cause of death in countries all over the world and the emotional, physical, and economic cost is high. And despite many important advances in recent decades, most cancer treatment still centers around some combination of surgery, radiation, or chemotherapy — and all of these treatments can carry risks.
However, the good news is that there are simple lifestyle choices that everyone can make that can reduce the cancer risk. One of these choices is a diet that contains the following anti-cancer foods.
Cruciferous vegetables are a family of nutritional powerhouses and include such foods as broccoli, cauliflower, and kale. These are one of the best groups of cancer-fighting foods to eat if you are interested in following an anti-cancer diet.
Why? They have sulfur-containing compounds called sulforaphanes that, in multiple laboratory studies, have been found to boost the body’s ability to fight off cancer as well as removing cancer-causing substances and specifically targeting cancer cells. Crucifers have been studied for several different types of cancer, including cancers of the liver, skin, stomach, and bladder.
Berries are another group of foods with proven anti-cancer properties and are frankly one of the most delicious ways to enjoy an anti-cancer diet. Members of this illustrious group — including strawberries, cherries, blueberries, and acai berries — are some of the richest sources of antioxidant compounds like anthocyanins.
Anthocyanins are the chemicals that give berries their color, but they are also well-known for their ability to fight

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.101717
Retrieved Text: The health benefits of Antioxidants are an increasingly popular nutrition topic. The health promoting benefits of including natural antioxidants in your diet have been widely publicized in magazines, television, books and newspapers.
This is an especially emotionally charged topic when well-known health gurus or celebrities make claims about them in relation to natural cures for cancer and cancer prevention and of course antioxidant antiaging. However many people are still oblivious to what antioxidants actually do within the body and why these chemical processes are so important.
So what are antioxidants and why are the benefits of antioxidants the new “in thing”? As the name suggests, antioxidants inhibit the oxidization of molecules in the body.
When molecules oxidize, a cellular bi-product known technically as a “free radical” is produced. Free radicals are unstable, and as they seek to become stable they attack healthy cells. This contributes to the degeneration of cells, and is, at a basic level, what causes the aging process.
Free radicals and their negative effects on other cells have also been shown to be a significant contributing factor in the development of all manner of diseases, including cancers, heart disease, diabetes and even Alzheimer’s.
Antioxidants curb the oxidization of molecules, and therefore seriously limit the production of free radicals. They can also help cleanse the body of free radicals.
Before the days of intensive farming and heavily processed foods, most people ate a diet rich in whole foods. This kept the body well stocked in antioxidants and helped protect against free radical activity. Many nutritional therapists and health gurus claim

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.08759
Retrieved Text: Feeling the warmth of the morning sun is a pleasure in itself that may be difficult to get by those who have a great work busy. There are some of them who don’t have time to bask in the morning sun which actually has a lot of health benefits. You should know that there are some benefits of morning sun that we can feel especially when sunbathing. If you are one that belongs to the category of busy people, maybe you should set aside your time to enjoy the morning sun by basking around 20-30 minutes.
In addition, besides the morning sunlight that is able to stimulate the production of vitamin D in the body, there are more benefits for our health that you do not know. What are they? Let’s look at the following things below!
One of the properties that you can get when basking under the warm morning sun is the blood circulation becomes more fluent. When the body gets exposure to the morning sun, your blood vessels will widen. As a result, the blood circulated throughout the body becomes more fluent. These benefits will be greater in the feel when you sunbathing while doing some movement of gymnastics, walking, or jogging. Try to spend your time at least once a week to do this and see what benefits you can get.
Skin that is often exposed to the morning sun also proved to be healthier. The sun that has health benefits only exist at the time under 10 hours, the rest do not try to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.083168
Retrieved Text: Neutralize free radicals and help prevent cellular damage with Super ORAC Antioxidant, a powerful antioxidant blend.
Provides key nutrients to neutralize free radicals.
Antioxidants are the body’s natural defense against free radicals. They scavenge them, “mopping up” free radicals before they have a chance to harm cells. Super ORAC combines eight powerful ingredients known to quench free radicals.
Green tea contains polyphenols, which are potent antioxidants. EGCG is considered the most active polyphenol. It appears to help protect brain cells from damage. Mangosteen xanthones are potent antioxidants with a special affinity for supporting the circulatory system. One such xanthone, mangostin, helps the body battle the oxidation of LDL cholesterol. Resveratrol protects both the nervous system and the cardiovascular system. Turmeric contains curcumin, a polyphenol with wonderful health benefits for the immune, circulatory and glandular systems. In studies, curcumin has been shown to inhibit oxidative DNA damage. The açai berry contains powerful anthocyanins—water-soluble compounds with potent antioxidant actions. This fruit also helps protect against superoxide and peroxyl radicals. Other ingredients offer similar antioxidant benefits. All in all, Super ORAC plays an important part in your battle plan for achieving health, vitality and longevity.
Become a member today and save up to 33% on today’s order!
Simply add $40 worth of product to your Shopping Cart now and we’ll give you membership—FREE!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.082945
Retrieved Text: பல்லாயிரக்கணக்கான ஆண்டுகளாக, இந்திய பிரதான உணவின் ஒரு பகுதியாக நெய் , தனக்கான தனி இடத்தை பிடித்துள்ளது.எல்லா உணவின் ருசியை ஒரு பிடி உயர்த்தும்.நாம் தெரிந்து கொள்ள வேண்டிய தூய்மையான நெய்யின் முக்கிய அம்சங்களை பற்றி பார்க்கலாம்.
Recently, luxurious cooking oils are widely spoken, but they do not know about the benefits of clean ghee.
In recent research, it has been found that the clean germ contains many benefits. But it should be eaten in size.
For thousands of years, Ney has become a part of Indian mainstream food.
Here are the benefits of clean ghee consumption! .
The "konjeded linoleic acid" (CLA) bile acids in the ghee increases the excretion.
Since the bile acids are excreted, the body uses cholesterol to produce bile acids.
Gay is very impressive for cognitive awareness and greater memory. It strengthens the brain and nervous system. The human brain is more susceptible to oxidation.
Ghee naturally increases the antioxidant system. Protects against a single electronic element attack.
Most people believe that ghee can be harmful to heart health. In molding, the use of ghee for the number of blood increases blood HDL level and reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease.
HDL cholesterol will remove the cholesterol from the bloodstream. Therefore, preventing blood clotting in the arteries, ensuring consistent blood flow. Pure ghee is considered a good option compared to other oils.
Antioxidant stress is the root cause of various diseases and disorders. Antioxidants are required to combat oxygen resistance and protect the body against their harmful effects.
Adding ghee to your daily diet increases the body's antioxidant. The antioxidant effect of linolic acid increases.
By improving the body's natural antioxidant protection system, cells

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.05022
Retrieved Text: The role of antioxidants in the body is vital in protecting our body’s immune system. For example, antioxidants play a role in neutralizing free radicals that lead to the breakdown of healthy cells in the body. Some antioxidants include Vitamins A, C and E. Another antioxidant called L-Glutathione plays a role in protecting and improving eye health. Therefore, here are a series of the benefits of L-Glutathione for protecting general health and vision health.
What is L-Glutathione? L-Glutathione is an antioxidant that protects every cell, tissue and organ in the body from the damaging effect of harmful free radicals. This particular antioxidant consists of 3 main amino acids. These include Glycine, Glutamate (Glutamic Acid) and Cysteine. This antioxidant has the ability to make other antioxidants more effective.
Here are some of the general health benefits of L-Glutathione: It helps repair the cell damage resulting from pollution, radiation, infection in the body, and stress related ailments. The capability of cells to heal and repair themselves declines as a result of the process of aging. Some patients take L-Glutathione supplements to reduce the negative effects of radiation and chemotherapy for Cancer treatment.. Supplementation with L-Glutathione can replenish and regenerate healthy cells in the body. According to Dr. Mark Grossman, 76,000 studies have been published describing the health benefits of this major antioxidant in preventing cancer, heart disease, and dementia and eye disease.
Eye Health benefits: A study published in the journal of Pharmacology and Therapeutics revealed that L-Glutathione has been shown to prevent Cataract Formation. The eye lens has a higher

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.941122
Retrieved Text: Antioxidant fruits are not created equal. Some antioxidant fruits may have more antioxidant content compared to other fruits. Others may have nutrients with antioxidant properties, others may only have vitamins. But whatever the case, it is still quite clear that antioxidant fruits are good for the health.
The human body derives its energy from the utilization of nutrients and oxygen as fuel. But oxygen, for all its benefits and positive effects, may also carry with it some negative ripple effect. When processing oxygen in the body (a process called “oxidation), oxygen byproducts are produced. These byproducts, called free radicals, are highly reactive substances that may cause damage to cells. The antioxidant substances found in antioxidant fruits may work to neutralize these free radicals and in the process prevent them from causing damage.
Many people are already familiar with antioxidant fruits, such as citrus fruits which are known for their high vitamin C content or apples for their beta-carotene. Consuming lots of antioxidant fruits in your diet will help boost the body‘s defense against free radicals and oxidative stress (damage caused by free radicals). Oxidative stress is a process which many a scientist has linked with the development of chronic and degenerative diseases such as heart disease and cancer.
Antioxidant fruits may be plain fruits, cereals, and vegetables. Some antioxidant fruits may also be taken in dried, powdered forms, like dietary supplements or pills. There is some research though that antioxidant fruits may be taken better if you actually include them in your diet.
Fruit, vegetables, and cereals in your diet

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.922628
Retrieved Text: Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory, What's the Difference?
Home/ Health/ Antioxidant and Anti-inflammatory. What’s the Difference?
Both anti-inflammatory and antioxidant are words that we hear, when people talk about the benefits of foods but what do they actually mean, and what’s the difference between the two?
Our body reacts to tissue injury or an invasion of pathogens or toxins, through a specific inflammatory response, which increases our immune activity to reduce their impact on us.
The immune cells stay activated until either the tissue has been repaired, or the pathogen has been removed. When this has been achieved, anti-inflammatory signals are sent out to stop the inflammation so that the body can return to its normal state and reduce the inflammation that has occurred, with the 4 signs that demonstrate inflammation going away.
This is known as acute inflammation, where the defence inflammatory state is shortly resolved. If the inflammatory state is not resolved and the site remains inflamed, this inflammation will begin to damage the tissue surrounding the site and then eventually the whole body.
Our immune cells, even in states where there is no injury or invasion, circulate through our body in case there is damage. Chronic inflammation is caused when whatever has induced the inflammation has not been removed (Arulselvan et al., 2016).
So, we can see that we do need inflammation to help protect and repair any damaged tissue or to protect us from pathogens. However, being able to bring our body back to its normal state is also important, which is where we have the anti-inflammatory responses.
By consuming omega 3

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.919607
Retrieved Text: Introducing a forward-thinking formula to support comprehensive body and mind benefits. Proven BCAAs meet the new-to-the-world combination of Tart Cherry, that helps reduce soreness following intense exercise, and L-Theanine for a calm, relaxed mind. Together they help you make the most of your recovery and hit it harder the next day. Packed with antioxidant Vitamin C, we’ve crafted a lean amino acid powder unlike any other – and the only from Isopure – so you can make more of your muscles.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.891918
Retrieved Text: With so many people getting sick lately, I’ve teamed up with Andrea Slinde, Founder of Golden Root, to talk about nutrition and the immune system. Golden Root makes delicious golden latte mix filled with organic coconut milk powder, spices and pink salt. Just combine their mix with hot water, coconut milk or other milk and voila -- golden latte, wherever!
A sachet worth its weight in gold!
But what is a golden latte, you ask? It’s a hot drink based on a traditional Indian recipe that is calming, rejuvenating and can be used to ease inflammation, pain, stress and boost the immune system (spoiler alert!).
Golden Root is a Denver-based company like us and they strive to deliver a convenient product that promotes health and balance for the mind, body and soul -- a mission we’re happy to support!
Winter is a time for many people to get sick and stay sick. To combat illness, fatigue, and the winter blues, we wanted to provide you with a simple recipe to keep your immune system healthy and your spirits high. You can even find many of these ingredients in your own pantry! All you’ll need is Golden Root turmeric latte mix, Unwrapp’d Cookie Dough, coconut cream or coconut milk, and coffee.
Before getting to the recipe, we’d like to break down the benefits of the health-promoting ingredients that you will find in Golden Root turmeric latte mix and Unwrapp’d nutrition bar dough. The following ingredients are helpful on their own but when combined together, can create effective immune-boosting benefits and help the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.690956
Retrieved Text: Of all the world's medicinal herbs, turmeric is the one most frequently mentioned in scientific studies. It has been called Earth's most powerful herb for fighting and possibly even reversing disease. On the heart, mind and spirit scale, turmeric hits all three bases.
It's anti-inflammatory antioxidant, and antidepressant properties help maintain a healthy heart, fight degenerative diseases of the brain like Alzheimer's, reduce joint pain and push back against depression.
attest to how turmeric benefits your body and brain.
Combine the distinctive spicy/sweet taste of cinnamon with outstanding antioxidant properties, and you can understand why there was a time when this spice was more valuable than gold. Cellular damage can lead to cancer, inflammation, signs of aging and a long list of further problems. Antioxidants work to prevent cellular damage. People love cinnamon for the taste. their brains love it for fighting cognitive decline by protecting brain cells from mutation and damage. Their bodies love it for lowering cancer risk, lowering blood sugar levels, fighting infections and viruses and lowering unhealthy cholesterol. Research suggests cinnamon might also help reduce symptoms of insulin resistance for people with type 2 diabetes.
Heavy hitter in the health benefits ring, garlic is recognized for its ability to help reduce or prevent heart disease, cancer, stroke and infections. Following turmeric, garlic is the number two plant for health benefits. Not only does garlic help reverse early heart disease by reversing the build-up of plaque in arteries, it also helps control high blood pressure. Its antimicrobial, antiviral and antifungal properties is the reason so many people

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.670532
Retrieved Text: THE MOST EFFECTIVE AMLA VITAMIN C CAPSULES: Amla is more commonly known as Indian gooseberry, and it is the world’s best origin of Vitamin C and considered to be a most robust antioxidant herb which is used traditionally in Ayurveda. Amla vitamin C capsule is a pure made from the miraculous organic Amla super fruit, the abundant natural source of the potent antioxidant and Vitamin C. It works excellent in helping protect the body from oxidative damage induced by free radicals by contributing antioxidant-rich nourishment and supports suppressing the free radical bustle and promote good health. The antioxidant potential of this capsule is perfect to support healthy aging and helps to improve healthy skin. The wholesome Amla fruit has been used for years to support wellness and vitality. It is considered as a powerful Rasayana that possess longevity-enhancing and rejuvenating qualities.
NUTRITIONAL POWER OF AMLA: Amla is a source of several essential nutrition. 100g of Amla extract contains as much vitamin C as of two fresh oranges. It is packed with a multitude of nutrients like vitamins, proteins, carbohydrates, potassium, and fiber. Amla is low in calories but is high in fiber content, vitamin C and vitamin E. They can also help you fulfill your daily needs for micronutrients like manganese, vitamin A and potassium. Amla also contains several minerals, including chromium, zinc, and copper. These minerals are essential for the body to function correctly. The Indian gooseberry is high in phytochemicals like furosin, gallic acid, corilagin, and quercetin, which are mainly responsible for the health-promoting properties

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.610723
Retrieved Text: Did you know your skin is a direct tell for how well you are taking care of your body?
Similar to how vitamins can make your body feel its best, they make your skin look and function best. Simply put, what is healthy for your body is healthy for your skin. So, if you are noticing your skin aging, this is a sign that you may not be putting the healthiest of things into your body. This is why we want to tell you about how IV Therapy can actually play a huge role in the look and “health” of your skin, not just your body.
Even though our skin is one of the most important (and largest) organs in our bodies, we still don’t give it what it needs to function optimally. Some ways you can help your skin function properly would be to eat rich colored plants, use protection when you know you will be exposed to sun, stay away from alcohol or smoke (i.e. cigarettes and cigars), and supplement with vitamins.
Using IV Therapy to make that skin glow would be a great addition to your beauty routine. Don’t already have a beauty routine? Then this is a great place to start! We have a Beauty Drip and a Radical Booster Shot that will both help take care of your skin.
Vitamin B1 has powerful anti-aging properties. Also known as Thiamine, it helps to protect against the harmful effects of free radicals, helping to defend your skin from premature aging; such as fine lines, wrinkles and age

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.605263
Retrieved Text: Alpha Lipoic Acid is a vitamin-like antioxidant that contains antioxidant properties that help fight free radicals in the body. Free radicals may contribute to the premature aging ofcells.
Biotin is most often thought of as the “skin friendly vitamin.” It is an essential water-soluble B vitamin. Biotin has come to be known for its role in the health and beauty of Hair, Skin and Nails.
Acai Berry supports weight loss. Consumption of acai juice or pulp by healthy human volunteers has been shown to cause a significant increase in plasma antioxidant activity. Scientific evidence has shown that acai extract possessed noticeable activity against superoxide, and highest activity of any food reported to date against the peroxyl radical, when measured by the oxygen radical absorbance capacity assay (ORACFL).
DHAis vital for normal brain development of the fetus and infant, and for the maintenance of normal brain function throughout life. Omega-3 Oils, including DHA, have been found to also help cardiovascular health. Many vegetarians,vegans and raw food dieters are at risk of having inefficiencies of DHA unless they supplement.
Lycopene is a natural compound found to be the source of the brilliant red coloring found in tomatoes, red peppers, red grapefruit and watermelon. It may offer major protective benefits throughout the body due to its high antioxidant properties. As a potent antioxidant, lycopene helps protect cells from free radical damage, unstable molecules that attack cells which may lead to numerous health concerns and premature aging. The nutritional properties found in lycopene help support healthy cardio, prostate and vision function,and more.
Other Ingredients: Veg.Capsules

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Dehydrating food is used to make it what?" and the following answer choices: 
- last longer
 - survive
 - go bad
 - burn up
 - get started
 - throw out
 - Relieve pain
 - dormant state

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and to keep cut flowers lasting longer, use a commercial florist preservative such as Floralife, choose the best answer.

Target Text: last longer

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.515882
Retrieved Text: For centuries, dehydrating food was seen as a survival necessity and is the safest, most affordable way to preserve foods for long-term storage.
I wholeheartedly believe in layering your preparedness endeavors with both short and long-term food sources. That way, you can ensure that you have enough food to see you through any type of event. Many turn to freeze-dried foods as the quintessential long-term food source. This can be both costly and cause problems with your health. Many freeze-dried foods are riddled with sodium, empty carbohydrates, and preservatives. This can cause your entire digestive system to back-up. Perhaps, the freeze-dried 10 year shelf life, isn’t worth the constipation. That said, there is another method that is both cost effective, and more nutritious.
For centuries, dehydrating food has been seen as a survival necessity. Many believe this preservation method is the safest, most affordable and best way to preserve flavors of foods. The dehydration process removes moisture from the food so that bacteria, yeast and mold cannot grow. The added benefit is the dehydration process minimally affects the nutritional content of food. In fact, when using an in-home dehydration unit, 3-5% of the nutritional content is lost compared to the canning method which losses 60-80% nutritional content. Additionally, important vitamins and nutrition such as: vitamin A and C, carbohydrates, fiber, potassium, magnesium, selenium and sodium are not altered or lost in the drying process. Therefore, the end result is nutrient packed food that can be stored long-term.
In the book, The Prepper’s Cookbook, I outline the multiple ways that

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.765335
Retrieved Text: Bestselling author of the Mini Farm series, self-sufficiency expert Brett Markham turns his attention to the timeless art of food dehydrating. An avid food dryer for years, Brett walks you through the simple steps for dehydrating everything from traditional classics like apples and jerky to more unusual fare. Whether you're following a raw food lifestyle or looking for new ways to make the most of your garden's produce, this is an inside look at all aspects of dehydrating.
The Food Dehydrating Bible is one of many items we offer from Proforce Equipment. In addition to the Food Dehydrating Bible we are also an authorized dealer of Tasmanian Tiger gear. Ready for summer? Check out our huge selection of shorts, camping gear and backpacks. Our gear is always low priced and on sale! We will price match any authorized dealer selling the Food Dehydrating Bible.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.721426
Retrieved Text: Preparing food for the special cooking process is very worth in order to reach the maximum taste. There are lots of preparation types such as cooling, boiling and even dehydrating. In this occasion, we will talk about the device for food dehydration process.
You might ever hear about Excalibur 3926TB food dehydrator. This is a device that functioned to remove all the water elements in a food. Sometimes, it is used for preparing the base material for special menu. You can even use it for better saving for food. So, there is some optional reason to use this utility.
Then, what about Excalibur 3926TB food dehydrator itself? As you know, Excalibur is already famous to be the maker of home utilities. In this case, this famous manufacturer is introducing about their most powerful creation which belongs to the lineup of most wanted dehydrator. This is a dehydrator that brings a very spacious design.
The dimension and size is basically not so large. However, this size is pretty ideal for dehydrating food with various portions or various sizes. You will be free to determine what food to be dehydrated here. If you are someone who often need dehydrated food, this Excalibur product would be recommended.
So, why this utility wanted by so many people? Well, while choosing the dehydrator, we will also need to consider about the product quality, durability as well as the performance. One thing which is interesting is Excalibur 3926TB food dehydrator can fulfill its function as the good dehydrator in the market.
The prices also reasonable, so the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.413692
Retrieved Text: Dehydation produces basically the same food with about 75 percent of its moisture removed. The only threat to deterioration is the remaining moisture. When dehydrating food, it is better to over-dry than under-dry. Once dehydrated, food is best preserved further when packed inside airtight moisture-proof jars, vacuum sealed bags or containers. Dehydrated food should be stored in a cool, dark area such as a pantry or cupboard. According to the Department of Nutrition, Dietetics and Food Science at Brigham Young University, rice, corn, wheat and grains that have been properly dehydrated, canned and stored can last 30 years or more. Dehydrated vegetables, fruits, and pastas have a shelf life of up to 30 years. Powdered milks or milk substitutes can last up to 20 years.
According to the Living Journal, "Living foods are uncooked foods," and "dehydrating food dates back to Biblical times when it was a necessity." Modern dehydrators produce a thin food material with its vitamins and minerals still present. Dried vegetables and sprouts, naturally low in "high-cholesterol" fats, are high in fiber. Almost no Vitamin C is lost in dehydration, and all Vitamin A, Beta Carotene, in plant foods is retained. Minerals such as selenium, potassium and magnesium are preserved. Many supporters of the raw foods diet still use dehydrated foods as main food sources due to the rich concentration of nutrition and enzymes.
Dried foods can be rather pricey in a store. A food dehydrator enables you to preserve fresh, nutritious foods in your own home at a fraction of the cost. The shelf

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.91394
Retrieved Text: At Sunrise Gardens we dehydrate fruit and vegetables, both to reduce food waste and to offer out-of-season specialty products. A few of our favourite dehydrated products are the vegetable mix, raspberries, saskatoons, beet crunch, and root vegetable crunch. The vegetable mix makes an awesome soup that is really easy to use on camping trips; gourmet soup in the woods! The vegetable crunch blends are delicious in salads. The raspberries are a taste of summer and great as a snack.
Our dehydrated products make great stocking stuffers and gifts for mailing or when traveling. Stock up while we have products available, amounts are limited, and take them on hikes and camping trips in the summer.
Dehydrating food is an ancient method of preservation used around the world to store perishable food. Dehydrated food is light, compact and when stored in airtight packaging will last indefinitely. It is an excellent way to reduce waste and save money. Dehydration removes moisture and preserves food while also retaining nutrients. By removing most of the moisture dehydration prevents the conditions that allow bacteria to cause decay. We dehydrate at a low temperature for a longer period to retain as many nutrients as possible. Low temperature and low humidity drying methods improve the nutrient retention, colour and overall quality of dehydrated vegetables and fruit. Dehydrating enhances the taste of some fruits and vegetables by concentrating the flavour, such as raspberries, celery leaves and most herbs.
There are different methods that can be used for dehydrating; the sun or smoke, heat from an electric dehydrator or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.912699
Retrieved Text: If you’re lucky enough to have an overabundance of fruit, veggies, or meat, you also have a problem. How to preserve this bounty? Refrigeration may only keep the stuff fresh for a few days. Freezing? Maybe a few months—less if your power happens to go out. Dehydration is the best way to store food for the long-term. We scoured our favorite homesteading sites to find the best recipes for the foods you’re most likely to want to preserve.
Got a great recipe you love?
What you dehydrate may depend on what you harvest. But, if you’re up for experimenting, we’ve got suggestions for the best foods to dehydrate. These foods are the ones that make it through the process looking and tasting the most delicious—and are way better than store-bought alternatives.
= Insteading picks for the best foods to dehydrate.
= Foods that you can dehydrate but they may not turn out great.
Always dehydrate food at the point when it would be most tasty to eat. If you wouldn’t eat a vegetable raw, or a fruit before it ripened, don’t dehydrate it that way. So (most) vegetables should be cooked before you dehydrate them. Fruits should be dehydrated at peak ripeness.
Dehydrating itself is easy. It’s the prep work that’s a bear—all that slicing and peeling and cooking. It takes lots of time, lots of space, and can be very messy. So before you prep, clear stuff out (especially anything that might stain), and draft a helper. Some parts of the process are so simple, even a toddler can help.
For basic

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.040216
Retrieved Text: Does anyone dehydrate their own meals for hiking? What kind of dehydrator do you use? What are some foods to avoid? What are some of your favorites?
Just wondering because I just ordered an Excalibur dehydrator and am looking for recipes for backpacking foods.
Chili, beef stew, various casseroles are what I typically dehydrate.
Thanks for the input! I have a feeling I am going to be developing a lot of my own recipes. I like to cook and experiment with food so it will be fun.
After these you will be creating your own recipes!
I have an excalibur, very fine dehydrator. Assuming you bought it new, it will come with a recipe book and great tips on how to dehydrate. I don't have recipes; I just dehydrate all types of veggies/fruits and meats. The closest thing I got to recipes are the concoctions I put together for marinades, (but I don't write them down) which can enhance the taste greatly.
However, I don’t marinade much of the stuff for a long hike (only for stuff I do for home), because I just got too much stuff to mess with marinades. Of course this doesn’t include meat/poultry -- ALWAYS MARINADE MEAT/POULTRY -- marinades are an important process to ensure the meat stays bacteria free.
Lean ground beef, browned, drained, rinsed (yeah, rinsed), dehydrated. Packs light, rehydrates wonderfully, and works in so many trail meals - ramens, mac & cheeze, potatoes, everything.
For meat, lean ground beef works real well. Just cook it up drain it and put in in the dehydrator. I have

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.978922
Retrieved Text: Dry It! You’ll Like It!
… A book about dehydrating food, including recipes and plans for building your own food dehydrator.
I've got so much practice dehydrating under my belt I could probably write a "how to" book myself right about now. Not that anyone would buy it but.... I could write it.
We're hooked on the dehydrated fruits. As fast as I put out a jar.... it disappears. Next summer when all the fresh fruit starts hitting the stands, I'm gonna double the amount of fruit I'm dehydrating. I can't believe it's been such a hit over here. I'm totally happy it is... I'm just surprised.
The dried peaches you gave me were wonderful!
Those peaches were from my trees. Those were 'Reliant' I think. Your husband sucked down the dried tomatoes faster. The dried tomatoes go the fastest around here.... they "evaporate" into thin air. Same deal with the dried plums. I'll have to get you some dried plums to try. I bought a boatload at Angelli's on the way home in July since I can't grow plums here. I dried up about 50 lbs over the course of a few days. I think we've got maybe 2 qt jars left of plums.
I bought a used dehydrator. Snapped it up when I saw it had temp controls on it. Have used it for jerky, but not so much for veggies yet.
I dipped zuchinni slices in a tomato dip - italian style stewed tomatoes with a dash of hot sauce, blended I believe. They were good.
Another fine way of using

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.874231
Retrieved Text: Download Book Dehydrating At Home Getting The Best From Your Dehydrator From Fruit Leather To Meat Jerkies in PDF format. You can Read Online Dehydrating At Home Getting The Best From Your Dehydrator From Fruit Leather To Meat Jerkies here in PDF, EPUB, Mobi or Docx formats.
A food dehydrator is a versatile kitchen appliance that enables you to easily preserve large quantities of fresh foods and create healthier versions of grocery store treats. Not only can you and your family snack healthier and add variety to your diet, you can save money at the same time! The snack recipes in Dehydrating at Home are a perfect solution for busy families who do not want to compromise when it comes to health and nutrition. Dehydrating at Home features easy recipes for the beginner such as Dried Nectarines, Strawberry-Apple Fruit Leather, or Dried Tomatoes. It also features a wide variety of recipes that take dehydrating to the next level such as Polka Dot Fruit Roll Ups, flatbreads, cookies, and yogurt. The majority of the recipes are inspired by fresh seasonal ingredients that develop upon the ingredients' innate deliciousness. Dehydrating at Home emphasises foods that store well for months in addition to being easy to grab on your way out the door to school, work, sporting events, or a walk in the woods. The Herbs & Seasonings chapter is an exception to this rule, but its simple recipes strive to make your time in the kitchen easier and more fruitful. Once you learn what to look for in a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.71401
Retrieved Text: Are you considering home food drying? Want an easy way to store and preserve food? Need a food storage method that doesn't take up much space and requires very little equipment? Want to make healthier snacks for your family to enjoy at home or on the go? Looking for portable food for camping or backpacking? If you answered “yes” to any of these questions, you should learn about home food drying.
What Equipment Do I Need for Home Food Drying?
Specialty items such as cherry pitters and apples corers speed up processing, if you dehydrate a lot of those fruits.
Commercial dehydrators give more consistent results and are easier to work with, giving you a better quality end product. Quick and uniform drying preserves color, flavor and texture. Most commercial units also allow you to set your temperature, which is very helpful for optimal drying of different foods. For instance, herbs dry best at lower temperatures so that you don't drive off volatile oils, while meats are typically dried at higher temps.
If you purchase a commercial dehydrator, I highly recommend including the accessory sheets for fruits leather and fine mesh sheets in your purchase. They are so much easier to work with than improvised homemade options. I have a Nesco Snackmaster Dehydrator that I use for small jobs , and a nine tray Excalibur that's my real workhorse for large volume dehydrating.
Oven Drying – Not recommended for households with small children. An oven can be used if you can set the temperature low enough (down to 140°F), but it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.670586
Retrieved Text: Occasionally, I rant about how much I despise canning foods… it’s always been a pain, in my opinion, and quite messy. That said, I know it can be a great way to put a lot of food if you’re willing to do so, and I’m just not THAT willing, lol.
Fortunately, there are plenty of other ways to stockpile food without refrigeration or canning, and the following article discusses three of them: fermentation, dry curing (meats), and dehydrating.
Personally, I’ve gotten into fermentation in the past few years and, for the most part, it’s really easy to do. I’ve only done a bit of curing and I used to do a lot of dehydrating, though, I’ve slowed on that once I really discovered freeze-dried foods.
Regardless, they’ll all great ways to preserve many healthy foods for the long term and I would strongly encourage you to try you hand at one or more of these methods if you’ve never done so.
“Canned food is so prevalent today that it’s hard to imagine life without it. When you have extra produce that you want to preserve, most people will tell you to can it.
But, what happens when you don’t have the equipment you need for proper canning? What if you run out of flat lids and can’t go to the store for more? Or if you can’t start a fire and keep it going long enough to properly heat and process your jars?
Depending on what happens, canning extra food may not always be possible. You need some alternatives.
Canning was thought to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.535133
Retrieved Text: Food dehydrating just got easier! NESCO®/American Harvest® offers a variety of food dehydrators and dehydrator accessories sure to fit your needs. Looking for food dehydrating inspiration? Check out our jerky recipes and dehydrator cookbooks.
For the Gardener……. Be sure to stretch your garden vegetables, fruits, herbs and flowers into the winter months with our dehydrator screens and fruit roll sheet dehydrator accessories. You worked hard in the garden make it last!
For the Hunter……. Don’t let making venison jerky cut into your deer hunting. NESCO® offers a large variety of jerky kits and jerky seasonings. Expand your dehydrators capacity with additional dehydrator trays for the larger dehydration jobs.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.437914
Retrieved Text: Click here to read all posts in this series.
Years ago, I began dehydrating food. At first I didn’t think it really mattered which dehydrator I used — they were all pretty much the same, right? I bought a mid-priced round dehydrator and was on my way!
As my food dehydrating progressed, I began running into snags – the food was dehydrating at different rates depending on which trays were closest to the fan, large foods (like plums) couldn’t fit between the trays, dehydrating was taking a LONG time since the air wasn’t reaching all the food at once, and I could only use this appliance for one thing – dehydrating fruits and vegetables.
With the position of the fan at the back of the unit, every tray has equal access to the air – no need to rotate trays and it made for quicker drying. The trays are removable, meaning I can decide how many I want in at a time and how much space I want between them, making larger items (plums, flowers, etc.) easy to dry.
The best thing is the multiple uses I’ve discovered! This has become my yogurt-maker, dough proofer (when it’s really cold in the kitchen and I don’t feel like waiting hours for bread), butter warmer instead of the microwave, egg incubator (yes, we hatched chicks in it last year and it worked great!), and herb dehydrator.
One of the things I really appreciate about the Excalibur is not only its versatility, but its range of temperature. As many raw foodists know, there is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.389605
Retrieved Text: Before we explore your best food dehydrator, it would be logical to get familiar with the term food dehydrator. Unfortunately, a vast majority of the general public are still not familiar with a food dehydrator though food dehydrators are around for decades. But interestingly, people not having the knowledge of a food dehydrator are also enjoying dehydrated snacks like dried fruits, vegetables, chips, beef jerky etc.without knowing that those foods were made with dehydrators. However, it is not necessary that everybody will be acquainted with everything. We will see below in this guide on dehydrator reviews what a food dehydrator is and the benefits of using a food dehydrator. Before that we will put underneath A List of 10 Best Food Dehydrators judged best food dehydrator by our parameters and Food dehydrator reviews by Amazon customers so our valued readers don’t feel compelled to read to the end of this guide in case they don’t want or have to.
The following are Synopsis of all 10 dehydrator reviews on the food dehydrators included in the above table. They will provide our readers with the Review Highlights as they may not have time to read the full reviews due to their busy schedule. We believe, they will be able to get a brief idea of their best food dehydrator from the highlights. The dehydrator reviews are short enough to suit a busy schedule and at the same time long enough to provide the necessary information enabling them to take informed decision when it comes to buying their top

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.195328
Retrieved Text: Bulking up on food for long term food storage is always a good idea in the case a long term disaster were to occur. However, those who are preparing for long term disasters know that purchasing long term food sources such as freeze dried foods have the advantage of lasting for 10 years, but it can be costly. There is another method that is both cost effective, and more nutritious.
For centuries, dehydrating food has been seen as a survival necessity. Many believe this preservation method is the safest, most affordable and best way to preserve flavors of foods. The dehydration process removes moisture from the food so that bacteria, yeast and mold cannot grow. The added benefit is the dehydration process minimally effects the nutritional content of food. In fact, when using an in-home dehydration unit, 3%-5% of the nutritional content is lost compared to the canning method which losses 60%-80% of the nutritional content. Additionally, vitamins A and C, carbohydrates, fiber, potassium, magnesium, selenium and sodium are not altered or lost in the drying process. Therefore, the end result is nutrient packed food that can be stored long term.
There are multiple ways that one can use a dehydrator. They can dry vegetables, fruits, make jerky, make fruit or vegetable leather, dry herbs, make spices, dry noodles, and even make crafts such as dough ornaments.
Dehydrating vegetables and fruits to use for long term storage is a great way of including needed nutrition into diets with minimal investment. When dehydrating food, one should use fresh produce or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.102505
Retrieved Text: Author: Jay and Shirley Bills. This valuable book has become a standard text for owners of home dehydrators and is held in high esteem in the food storage industry and by home users everywhere. It presents the basic principles of the dehydrating art with clarity and provides many useful tips, a host of valuable suggestions, and dozens of delicious recipes for all types of meals. After explaining the nutritional aspects of dehydrating foods, dehydration methods and basic techniques are examined in detail. The use of preservatives is considered in simple terms. Explanations are then given, which tell how to dehydrate various types of foods. Some chapters are devoted to dehydrating fruit and making fruit leather. Others tell how to dehydrate vegetables, herbs, and meats. Methods for storing the food after it has been dehydrated are also given. Then come the recipes - simple, delicious, and exciting! They cover the entire array of menus, too: breads, desserts, meats, milk shakes, cakes, dressings, pies, soups, cereals, fruits, sauces, vegetables, cookies, ice creams, toppings, and one-dish dinners. Home Food Dehydrating, a valuable basic guide to the techniques of food preservation, belongs on every homemaker's bookshelf. It holds the keys to success in this vital homemaking art.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.09003
Retrieved Text: Home » Food » Canning vs Dehydrating: Which Method is Better?
Canning vs Dehydrating: Which Method is Better?
As a homesteader, you enjoy growing your own fruits and vegetables, and fresh is always the best choice for taste and nutrition. But what can you do to preserve some of your harvest for the rest of the year?
Two tried and true options are canning and dehydrating. Both methods have distinct advantages and disadvantages. To help you decide which one is best for your family, we’ll consider their definitions, their pros and cons, and the procedures involved (including materials and costs).
First, let’s look at what the terms dehydrating and canning mean when it comes to food storage.
Dehydrated foods are compact, lightweight, and portable.
Rehydration is relatively simple and easy.
One of the main disadvantages of dehydrating is the time it takes. Depending on whether you use a machine (which requires power to run) or a home drying rack, the process can take 8 to 48 hours or even longer in damp climates.
It preserves the food’s color, flavor and texture and some of its nutrients.
It can take less time than dehydrating.
When you reuse supplies, it can be fairly inexpensive.
A downside of canning is that the jars of food are heavy and take up more shelf space than rehydrated foods. Another potential problem is the risk of botulism if the steps to the canning process are not carefully followed.
Now let’s look at the equipment you need. Although you can dehydrate foods with simply a box placed in the sun during dry weather, the process

########
Rank: 17
Score: 23.83016
Retrieved Text: D is definitely for dehydrating, drying, and dried foods. Dehydrating is my favorite food preservation method. It creates a smaller, lighter, shelf-stable version of the food you put into it, and often concentrates the flavors making fruits sweeter and meats meatier.
My local farmer’s market boasts a fabulous peach vendor every year and I stock up on fresh peaches. I love to peel and dry peach slices. They are tart and sweet and wonderful. I have a friend that is rationing out his slices to make sure they last until peach season comes around again!
I dry all sorts of fruits and vegetables. I love the dehydrated Vidalia onions I did over the past couple of summers. They add such a wonderful depth of flavor and sweetness to things like tomato sauces and casseroles.
I’ve made some great meat jerky too – marinated in soy sauce and seasonings, it makes for a fabulous portable protein source for camping or just being away from the house all day. My nephew had a dehydrator that came with an expression gun (like a cookie press or a caulk gun). Their recipe called for seasoned ground meat, and then you used the gun to lay out long strips of the mix and dry that. Delicious and much easier to chew that regular jerky.
You don’t have to use a specially designed dehydrator, although I love mine which is a relic of the 70’s (you can tell by the square shelves). If you can set your oven for 125 degrees, or leave the door cracked

########
Rank: 18
Score: 23.791237
Retrieved Text: I love my dehydrator, every time I use it, I love it more and more. I have had a Nesco one, but for the last few years have had an Excaliber.
We have used it primarily until this year for deer jerky. As I delve into more food preservation, I have been able to use it for leftovers, cheap buys on marked down produce and garden abundance!
Here is us – making our own fruit mix for vacation!
This is banana chips, strawberry pcs., apple chunks (those got a little too brown, but tasted great!) and then I added raisins and dried organic cranberries.
We had these on our route and they were delicious!
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Dehydrating, food preservation, Gardens, Her POV by familyplushomestead. Bookmark the permalink.
I used to make mixes like that, but I added oats and coconut. Sometimes chocolate chips, too. Yummy!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 23.786871
Retrieved Text: Why keep dehydrated food on hand?
There are a lot of good reasons to dehydrate and store foodstuffs, and it is something that everyone can do with a little bit of practice. Dehydrated food takes up less space and weighs less for camping trips. For those who want be prepared for any contingency, dry goods and dehydrated foods are stored along with potable water in case of a food shortage or natural disaster.
Space travel brought us freeze-dried food, which lasts longer but is a lot more expensive. The military introduced us to MREs, or “Meals Ready to Eat,” but the flavor and texture left something to be desired. Today, dehydrated food can be as gourmet as you like, with hikers bringing dehydrated lasagna and fish chowder on the trail.
Meats, vegetables, fruits, dairy and even complete meals can be dehydrated and stored for a year or more. Imagine having a year’s worth of healthy food stored for emergencies!
According to extension services, successful dehydrating of fruits and vegetables depends on heat, air dryness and air circulation. You need to get the food hot enough to dry out without cooking and the air around it must be dry enough to absorb the moisture. Good circulation will draw the moist air away, allowing the food to continue to dehydrate.
That’s why purchasing a good quality food dehydrator is the first thing to do if you’re dehydrating at home. Professional food dehydrators control the temperature and they have fans to blow warm air over the food as it dries.
Dehydrated food can be bought

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.709724
Retrieved Text: While there are many commercially available foods for long term storage, preserving your own food is another a great way to prepare for an emergency. Preserving your own food for storage can be a lot of work, but it also brings many rewards. For example, canning and dehydrating homegrown produce not only helps you save money, it can give you and your family feelings of self-sufficiency and confidence. As many have learned first-hand, preserving food as part of an emergency preparedness plan requires specific knowledge, skills, and equipment.
When preserving food at home, it’s important to know about the different methods of preservation; whether canning, dehydrating, pickling, etc. With home preservation, you also need to know how to do it safely to ensure the food will be safe to eat when the time comes. There are many books and websites dedicated to home food preservation that can help you.
Preserving food at home often requires multiple steps. Depending on how much food you preserve and in what form (whole, stewed, sauce, jam, etc.) you might have to process the food by peeling, chopping, blanching, pureeing, slicing, and so on. If you’re canning, the prepared product will need to be placed in a jar, then heated and sealed in a canner. If dehydrating, you’ll need to lay the right amount of product in each tray of your dehydrator on the right setting for a designated amount of time. As you refine your preserving skills, you’ll be able to juggle the different aspects of the process.
Preserving requires special equipment and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.68
Retrieved Text: I can justify the purchase of almost any kitchen appliance. Even though my condos kitchen was built for a bachelor not a food blogger, I find a way to fit almost anything you could possibly need to cook with into the space. If I can get more than three uses out of it, I usually buy it.
When I first brought home my dehydrator from the store, I had only one purpose in mind: making my own tempeh. As soon as I walked through the door, hoisting the box on my hip, I knew I was going to have to do some major persuading to keep it. Since I had never used a dehydrator before, I was at a complete loss for other uses. But, like any home cook dead-set on keeping her new toy, I set out to win over my husband the best way I know how — whipping up delicious, we-must-keep-this dishes.
A dehydrator, made popular by raw-food enthusiast and jerky fans, can be used to make almost any type of cuisine. If you’re new to dehydrating, start with easy, no-fail recipes like kale chips or dried herbs and fruits. While you might have to plan your meals out further in advance as dehydrating foods can take anywhere from 12 to 36 hours, once the prep is done you can set it and forget it. Think of a dehydrator as the new slow cooker: Place your ingredients in the tray and wait.
Nuts and Seeds: Try soaking and then drying nuts and seeds for a crisp,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.677788
Retrieved Text: Most people have a love-hate relationship with bacon. For some, it’s a religion. For others, it’s an unhealthy obsession.
The thing is, bacon is actually fairly nutritious, and if cooked properly and eaten in moderation, it can be a healthy addition to your diet whether you’re backpacking or need a quick snack at home.
Dehydrating bacon is one way to get more mileage from your meat. Here, we’re breaking down what you need to know about how to make jerky.
Can You Dehydrate Raw Bacon?
First, let’s address a basic question: should you dehydrate raw bacon or should you cook it first?
While dehydrating meat makes it shelf-stable (can be safely stored without refrigeration) the USDA is pretty clear on the subject. When you dehydrate uncooked meat at home, pathogenic bacteria are likely to survive the lower temperatures of a dehydrator.
In order to dehydrate the meat instead of baking it, the bacon goes into an oven or dehydrator at 130 to 140 degrees Fahrenheit for about six to eight hours. That’s within the danger zone for bacteria that cause food poisoning.
So, if you want to make safe and healthy jerky at home, it’s generally best to cook the bacon first.
Now that we’ve cleared that up, let’s talk about how to dehydrate bacon to make bacon jerky that will be a huge hit with your buddies — and your four-legged friend too!
There are several different ways you can cook bacon. Some people (often college students) cook a few slices in the microwave, while others swear by the oven. But the classic way

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.633148
Retrieved Text: Today I am serving up dehydrated pumpkin chips, or what I like to call CHIPKINS!
It’s time to ditch those nasty cow-juice and additive-laced store bought chips, and MAKE YOUR OWN!
Dehydrating food is flipping PHENOMENAL and no need to worry about losing any of the beneficial health properties of the food (because I KNOW YOU WERE WORRIED!).
Apparently this cooking process retains almost 100% of the nutritional content of the food and it preserves the alkalinity of fresh produce and actually inhibits the growth of microforms such as bacteria!
Hey-oh! Who’s running out to Bed, Bath & Beyond to pick up a dehydrating gizmo now?
But hold it right there! You don’t have to shell out the big bucks for a crazy contraption… You can utilize what you already have… YOUR OVEN!
Preheat your oven to 140 degrees while you chop your pumpkin into slices.
"Dehydrate” for roughly 6 hours.
Shove an oven mitt or a kitchen towel in the oven door to prop it open to help the moisture evaporate.
Every hour or so, check on your pumpkin and mix accordingly.
After 6 hours… Let cool and then SHOVE IN YOUR FACE… Without guilt!
Mix warm water and ground flaxseed together and set aside.
Place all other dry ingredients in bowl.
Mix wet ingredients + flaxseed mixture in separate bowl.
Spray doughnut pans with nonstick spray.
Ever since I was a young girl, I have always showered my “audience” with my comedic nature only to leave a lasting impression on them. My goal in life is to make people laugh, which is why I aspire to be showcased on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.60608
Retrieved Text: People use the terms 'dehydrated' and 'freeze-dried' as though they are the same thing. However, there are significant differences between the two which we think you'll find interesting.
To preserve foods, the moisture contained within must be removed through a process called lyophilisation. If it isn't, micro-organisms (like bacteria) will thrive and feed, leading to food decomposition, mould growth and inedibility. Dehydrating and freeze-drying are the two more commonly used practices to do this.
'Dehydrating' has been used for centuries and dries out or smokes food by circulating hot and dry air across it. The moist air is then dried to continue removing any remaining water in the foods. The drying temperatures are set high enough to remove water but not to cook the food.
'Freeze-drying' is a relatively modern process. Food is placed on large racks inside a vacuum chamber where the temperature is lowered to below freezing, and then slowly raised. The water in the food transforms from a solid state to a gas, thereby maintaining the food's structure and preserving its all-important nutrients.
Out of these two processes, dehydrating removes about 90-95% of the moisture content whilst freeze-drying removes about 98-99%. The lower the moisture content, the longer the shelf life.
Most dehydrated products, like dried fruits, vegetables, powders and TVP (soy protein), have a shelf life of about 15-20 years. Dehydrated items like honey, salt, sugar, hard wheats and oats have a 30-year shelf life - sometimes longer. Freeze-dried fruits, vegetables, just-add-water meals and real meats have a longer average shelf life of approximately 25-30-years. Freeze-dried food

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.511248
Retrieved Text: People like fresh and juicy chicken, but the dried chicken tastes better and can be used as a daily snack or as pets' food. Dehydrated chicken can be kept for a longer period of time. The IKE chicken dehydrator dehydrate chicken at low and middle temperatures, which dry the chicken better. The dried chicken do not change any of its nutritional value. The scent of the chicken is preserved and the taste is better.
1. The thickness of chicken is cut by hand, no add any additives.
2. Put the chicken on the trays one by one, let them keep a small distance between each other.
3. Dehydrate the chicken in IKE dehydrator. Set the target data at 55 degree C and relative humidity 10% , after about 10 hours will be finish chicken dehydrating.
Different chicken thickness will have different dehydrating time, more thinner, the dehydrating time will be shorter.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.400133
Retrieved Text: Pro tip: going to Costco while hungry is never a good idea. I may have let my stomach fill the cart and I somehow ended up lugging a giant box of strawberries, multiple pounds of kiwis, a flat of raspberries, and another flat of apricots into my apartment. If you’ve been following me for a while, you’d know that my only roommates are my two dogs- not the best partners for attempting to eat what feels like a thousand pounds of fruit before it goes bad. Enter my (well, more like my stolen-from-my-mother) Excalibur dehydrator!
Before anything else you need a dehydrator, mine is a giant 9 tray Excalibur dehydrator that is super high end (and a bit pricey) but there are SO many different options to choose from, from the super small counter top dehydrators, a great sized medium variety or the industrial ones like mine. They all work the same way- the only difference are the presets and the capacity! Most dehydrators come with mesh trays which are great for everything except for liquids, so if you plan on making fruit leather, make sure to get the non-stick dehydrator sheets as well! Some people also have ovens that you can set at a super low temperature, if yours is like that, great! But mine definitely doesn’t have a temperature setting low enough!
For fruit leather a food processor is super helpful, but a blender works as well! Mine is an 8 Cup Cuisinart processor that is a great size for me! Also, because I’m working with

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.339201
Retrieved Text: If you’re a hiker, camper, or any type of outdoor enthusiast, you know that packing enough food for an extended excursion can be a challenge. You may want to give dehydrating food a try. The process of removing water and moisture from food isn’t just limited to fruit and meat jerky and it also makes food easier to transport and in some cases, lighter as well.
Dehydrating food is also surprisingly versatile, which is one of the reasons why it’s grown in popularity in recent years. Here’s how to make some of the best dehydrated backpacking meals and snacks for your next outdoor adventure.
What could be better than enjoying some warm and spicy chili on a mountaintop or next to a crystal clear lake? The key to making dehydrated chili is to use a lean ground beef, as greasy foods do not dehydrate well.
You’ll want to make your favorite chili recipe and drain the beef well after cooking it. After it has cooled thoroughly, coat your dehydrator machine’s trays with parchment paper and spread the chili mixture on them. Dehydrate for eight to ten hours at a temperature of 145 degrees Fahrenheit.
The chili will turn brittle. Store it in a freezer bag and when you’re ready to eat, put the mixture in a pot along with a cup of water and boil for five minutes. After removing it from the heat let it sit for another five minutes until it becomes its original consistency again.
Any kind of lean meat and flaky fish such as salmon or cod

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.315088
Retrieved Text: Its the season for preserving the bounty that the garden is producing.
A. To have the highest quality, most nutrient dense, pesticide free, food possible.
B. To avoid being totally reliant on somebody else, somewhere, to provide our most basic necessity. I mean, really, when you think about it, do you really trust that unnamed "they" to always, without interruption, be able to deliver food to your local market whenever you need it? Really?
Cooperation is understanding, and applying, methods which encourage the growth of bacteria and fungi necessary for soil health, and mineral balance. It invites beneficial insects to control the not so beneficial ones. It welcomes pollinators, and earthworms.
Dominance is importing chemicals in the form of fertilizers, pesticides, or herbicides, to artificially force the intended crop to grow, while restricting all other growth, good or bad, helpful or harmful.
Here are pictured several key methods of food preservation.
Herbs are hung up for drying. Some small jars of our maple syrup illustrate preserving in sealed jars ("canning") , and both the bottles of homemade wine and the jars of various pickles illustrate how fermentation by natural action of yeasts (wine) and bacteria (pickles) help preserve food.
If we cooperate with the natural systems that the Creator designed, food will just grow. And grow bigger, tastier, and more nutrient dense.
So, if we are trying to grow food in cooperation with these systems, maybe we should begin to think about preserving it in the same way. Doing this will retain the "life"of the food, all the enzymes and nutrition wont be cooked

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.22414
Retrieved Text: One thing this shtfmom has given great thought to is how to cook if things go south. Back plans to back up plans…Of course I have your typical electric oven (which I wish was propane, but so it goes). But having gone through a few different times without electricity for long periods of time I have had to address the issue of how to cook without electricity. Yes, there is the rocket stove and you can make those on the cheap…but having a natural abundance of free wood spending that money on a good one (after all I have quite a few people to feed!) and a fire pit and cast iron…well, of course this is appealing to me…not to mention sitting around a good fire and eating great food with great company. There is nothing like an open fire to bring people together. And I don’t about you, but in a situation where you have chickens, alot of the time people avoid the ‘wings’. This is a GREAT way to use the wing and eat well. In any type of situation you may come across in this world, knowing how to cook over an open pit fire will serve well…give it a go and give it a try! Being prepared to cook under various conditions and using different methods is a plus in my book!
Hope you enjoy the video and the inspiration it may give you and maybe next time you decide to ‘grill’ you may think about open pit cooking instead. And by the

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Beef jerky is what?" and the following answer choices: 
- low in protein content
 - wet
 - prone to spoilage
 - nutrients
 - barrel-shaped
 - Relieve pain
 - preserved
 - layers of fat

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and some food is dehydrated, while others are dried much like beef jerky, choose the best answer.

Target Text: preserved

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.077484
Retrieved Text: Home > Journal > Question: What is the Best Cut of Meat for Making Beef Jerky?
What are the most popular cuts for jerky? Are there some things I should look for when shopping for the meat? What part of the animal does jerky come from? What do the professionals use? What would you recommend for a homemade batch of jerky? What kind of meat do you use for jerky? What part of the animal is jerky made from?
As a family of professional beef jerky makers, we get a lot of questions about making beef jerky at home. Some of the most common questions relate to the best cut of meat for beef jerky.
The good news? You've come to the right place.
Our family has been handcrafting beef jerky for over 90 years and four generations. We're proud to be LA's Original Beef Jerky and even happier to share some pro tips on how to make the best beef jerky.
Making beef jerky at home is a challenging but very rewarding experience. One of the more important steps in the process is selecting your cut of beef. There are many options available to you and we want to make sure you select the best choice for beef jerky.
While there is no hard-and-fast rule, there are some general guidelines that we'd recommend to follow. The best part of making beef jerky at home is you have full control over the process and you can experiment on a smaller scale. Many of these guidelines are not limited to beef and beef

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.451525
Retrieved Text: We love jerky and have put together a guide that will help you make your own homemade beef jerky. The best part? You don’t need a dehydrator!
Jerky is the perfect snack. It’s packed with protein, is convenient, and tastes amazing. The pitfall? A jerky habit can send you back about $2.50 per ounce for conventional store-bought jerky and up to $7 per ounce for organic. We will be learning how to make our own homemade beef jerky because not only will it be cheaper, but it will taste even better than what you can get at the store.
If you are still a skeptic about homemade beef jerky then read on as I discuss some of the benefits of homemade beef jerky compared to commercially bought.
Science still seems up in the air as to whether or not nitrates are that bad for our health. The beauty of homemade beef jerky is that we can skip the nitrates altogether! Popular jerky companies like to add corn syrup and other chemicals to their products to make the flavor seem more palatable. When you make homemade beef jerky, you don’t need to add those fake flavors because you’re working with what nature gave you.
Don’t like what the jerky flavor selection at the grocery store? When you make homemade beef jerky, you can feel free to customize the flavors to suit your taste, your mood, or even the season. Pumpkin spice jerky, anyone? Yes, that happened.
As mentioned, making your homemade beef jerky is going to be cheaper than the inferior brands

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.01085
Retrieved Text: Beef Jerky Hot Chilli 200g Hot Beef Jerky is seasoned with a nice blend of crushed dr..
Beef Jerky Smokey 100g Smokey is our best selling beef jerky, with its p..
Beef Jerky Smokey 1kg Smokey is our best selling beef jerky, with its pe..
Beef Jerky Traditional 500g Traditional beef jerky, brings out the soy taste ..
Beef Jerky Chilli 200g Chilli Beef Jerky is seasoned with a nice blend of crushed dry c..
Box of 12 Roast flavoured pork crackle..
Carolina Reaper Beef Jerky 200g Carolina Reaper Beef Jerky is seasoned with a nice blend of ..
Beef Jerky Hot Chilli 500g Hot Beef Jerky is seasoned with a nice blend of crushed dr..
Beef Jerky Chilli 1kg Chilli Beef Jerky is seasoned with a nice blend of crushed dry ch..
Keto Unseasoned Pork Rind Crackle 1kg Keto unseasoned pork rind crackle is made from top qualit..

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.900013
Retrieved Text: What’s the ultimate road trip snack?
Beef jerky, of course—but even if you’re not planning a road trip anytime soon, it’s pretty tasty. If this beloved snack is your personal favorite, (or you know a beef jerky enthusiast), there’s an epic store in the Cincinnati area you need to know about. Beef Jerky Outlet in Monroe, Ohio is a must-stop the next time you’re craving this tasty snack or you need to stock up before you hit the road.
With rows and rows of jerky as far as the eye can see, this one-of-a-kind store is every beef jerky lover's dream come true.
You'll find it at 837 Premium Outlets Drive, Monroe, OH 45050.
Here, you'll find more than 100 different kinds of beef jerky. From your favorite flavors to something you've never heard of before, the choices seem endless.
You can visit Beef Jerky Outlet from 10 a.m. - 9 p.m. on Monday - Saturday. On Sundays, you can visit from 10 a.m. - 7 p.m.
If you find yourself overwhelmed, take heart in the fact that the jerky is organized in helpful sections. Pictured are the Hot Zone flavors.
Smokey, sweet, spicy, mild....every variety is here. You can even "try before you buy" if you're unsure about a flavor.
You'll likely find something you've never heard of before, such as beef jerky made with real moonshine from the foothills of Tennessee.
Be bold. Try something out-of-the-box.
In addition to more than 100 varieties of beef jerky, you'll also find an amazing selection of hot sauces, spices and other gourmet snacks.
For more information about Beef

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.87599
Retrieved Text: Our award-winning gourmet beef jerky is produced by following strict quality guidelines and a commitment to a tradition of excellence. Our gourmet jerky is always made using premium cuts of American beef in creative fusion marinades that are slow cooked to perfection. Following strict guidelines of quality control we produce a mouth-watering, superior and bold-flavored gourmet beef Jerky that is soft and tender in every bite. You will love our great tasting, tender and full-flavored gourmet jerky.
Read America's Best Beef Jerky Story!
At Jeff's Famous Jerky we love getting awards. It makes us feel nice and warm inside, even more than our Habanero Heatwave. On top of all the great awards we’ve also had a ton of great reviews form the top Jerky experts in the world. We sure are happy you guys love what we do!
Never go hungry again with a custom variety pack of Jeff’s Famous Gourmet Jerky. Start building your variety pack now!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.814848
Retrieved Text: We challenge you to find a higher quality, better selection jerky at better prices than the Bricktown Jerky products. There are two lines of jerky: Traditional Style for the customers who like the more traditional, tougher jerky and Soft and Tender Style for the customers who like a more softer & tender jerky. With the full Bricktown Jerky line, you will have a high-quality product in many flavors to satisfy just about anybody. This is a guaranteed winner!
The best bang-for-your-buck jerky line on the market!
90 pieces of Best Bang for your Buck Jerky! This starter package features ONLY beef jerky to get you started with the basics.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Original - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Honey Pepper - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Teriyaki - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Sweet BBQ - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Spicy - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Red Wine - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Whiskey - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Citrus Fusion - 3 oz.
10 - Bricktown Jerky - Soft & Tender Style Beef Jerky - Mango Jalapeno - 3 oz.
220 pieces of Best Bang for your Buck Jerky! The

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.80539
Retrieved Text: Beef jerky is one of the most favorite snack foods. Beef is marinated in a curing solution and dried to lend a unique flavor and extend shelf life. Native Americans used to smoke dry meat in order to preserve it for a long time. And beef jerky meat processing technology finds its roots in this practice.
Uncle Mike’s beef jerky, backed by years of experience, today produces the finest quality beef jerky. If you love this snack, you must have certainly tried this brand. This beef jerky tastes as close to homemade snack as possible.
Uncle Mike’s offers beef jerky in three seasoned favors namely the hot beef jerky, original beef jerky and Teriyaki beef jerky. The main reason for the popularity of Uncle Mike’s beef sticks and beef jerky is due to the great care and attention that goes into the preparation.
Beef jerky is offered by Uncle Mike’s in six mouth watering flavors. A unique feature of this beef jerky is that it tastes firm and is not leathery like other jerky found today. Uncle Mike’s beef jerky provides you with that perfect protein boost and is ideal to be carried on your camping, hiking, fishing or boating trips.
Beef jerky is preferred by health and fitness enthusiasts as it has low fat and high protein content. Meat is cured using salt solution and moisture is reduced to half to make the jerky. Uncle Mike’s beef jerky is perfectly cured and has the right amount of roughness in texture and the exact amount of moisture.
All beef jerky offered

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.789234
Retrieved Text: We L*O*V*E Beef Jerky! Mike considers himself quite the connoisseur of fine jerkys.
We were just delighted to receive two packages of Mama Mia's Beef Jerky to try. We got the Homestyle Beef Jerky and the Honey Teriyaki Sweet and Spicy Jerky.
It's wonderful. I love ANYTHING sweet and spicy and Mama Mia's Honey Teriyaki Sweet and Spicy Jerky is perfectly seasoned with spices.
Mike claimed the bag of the Homestyle Beef Jerky for himself (although I did get a few bites!). It, too, was perfectly seasoned. It was not tough at all -- it was a bit juicy (just as we like it!) and so good.
The price is great as well! At just $6.00 per bag, it's a great bargain for home-made jerky!
Mama Mia's offers three kinds of Jerky: Turkey Jerky, Homestyle Beef Jerky, and Honey Teriyaki Sweet and Spicy Jerky.
I know I can't wait to order several bags for Christmas -- what a great stocking stuffer!
They have generously offered one of my lucky readers *TWO* bags of their fabulous Jerky: One Traditional and One Turkey! Lucky!!! I am so jealous!
OPEN TO USA ONLY PLEASE! Contest Ends at 11:59 p.m. on 10/28/11.
I received two bags of Mama Mia's Beef Jerky for the purpose of review. I received no monetary compensation. The opinions expressed herein are my own and based on my own use of and experience with the item(s).
Honey Teriyaki Sweet & Spicy sounds REALLY good!
Honey Teriyaki sweet and spice jerky sounds good !
I'm most eager to try Honey Teriyaki Sweet & Spicy ヅ *Thanks* for the giveaway!
Thanks

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.753313
Retrieved Text: Jerky.com’s Jalapeno Garlic Beef Jerky – 3 PACK – All-Natural, No Added Preservatives, No Added Nitrites or Nitrates – 9 total oz.
Jerky.com brand beef jerky takes no prisoners when it comes to high quality beef jerky that doesn’t sacrifice flavor and bold taste. We strive for QUALITY and cut no corners, our legion of loyal customers are testiment to that. We make our jerky in small frequent batches so we can pass on as much freshness and taste to every customer as possible. Every batch starts with 100% premium top-round beef that is hand-sliced by professional butchers right here in the U.S.A., something our customers appreciate. The meat is seasoned and time-stakenly marinated with all-natural ingredients to give you the best all-natural beef jerky with the perfect texture on the market. There are no added preservatives, no added MSG and no junk…leaving just good jerky.
Best Tasting and Highest Quality 100% Whole Muscle Beef Jerky on Amazon! Includes 9 oz. of the Most Mouthwatering, Delicous Jerky You’ll Ever Have. Why Buy Jerky from Anyone but the Industry Pros? This is What We Do!
We Marinate Our World Famous Jerky in A Proven, Time Tested Marinade before it’s Dehdrated to the PERFECT TEXTURE and Sealed to Create the Ideal On-The-Go Snack! So Click ‘Add to Cart’ and Find Out First-Hand Why Most All of Our Customers are Repeat Ones!
100% Lean Premium Beef Jerky that’s Made Right Here in the U.S.A – Our Specialty is High Protein Jerky and Low Fat Meat Snacks and Our Unique Jerky Flavors Are Formulated

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.689259
Retrieved Text: Dude, I told you not to bring the beef jerky.
The beef jerky girl in Macau, right?
No, he was buying beef jerky, and he made me laugh.
And we have a mondo stash of beef jerky there.
He was chewing on a piece of beef jerky.
Have some homemade beef jerky. It's on the house.
Coke, never Pepsi, and beef jerky.
How about a belt made of beef jerky?
Did you know that beef jerky is a superfood?
Guy looks like a piece of beef jerky, Duck.
Can I get that beef jerky?
The ones that we found in Beef Jerky's backyard.
Chargers are right over there by the beef jerky.
I hope you like champagne and beef jerky.
A million receipts for flip-flops and beef jerky?
Go. Give her big bug, beef jerky?
النتائج: 120. المطابقة: 120. الزمن المنقضي: 103 دقائق.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.56898
Retrieved Text: Beef Jerky is what we specialize in, but our service is what keeps us in business. Jerky.com carries the widest selection of USA made jerky and jerky gift baskets for every budget and every taste preference. Our goal is to provide every customer with the best selection of beef jerky products and unique snacks. We're also the premier jerky site for exotic jerky such as Elk Jerky, Kangaroo Jerky even fish jerky as well as meat sticks. We provide a user-friendly site with a checkout process that guarantees every transaction to be fast, safe and secure. Shop around, join our newsletter for exclusive discounts and get social with us on facebook or twitter to see what we're doing next. You will soon see why nearly all of our customers are repeat ones!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.567928
Retrieved Text: "I always held up Pemican as the benchmark for what a quality Beef Jerky should not only taste like, but also the mouth feel, and the lack of sinew."
This was posted this evening as a comment on my old review of World Kitchens Beef Jerky.
Hopefully my beef jerky review blog will help introduce folks like him to a whole new world of beef jerky.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.432327
Retrieved Text: Paul Schwennesen wants you to forget what you know about beef jerky.
Every week, Schwennesen and his team from Double Check Ranch in Winkelman bring pure grassfed beef to the folks of Arizona, setting up shop at the Phoenix Public Market, the Gilbert Farmers' Market, the St. Phillips Plaza Farmers' Market in Tucson and during some months of the year, the Wigwam Farm Market in Litchfield.
Recently, the ranch started marketing what Schwennesen calls "a cleaner, greener, simpler option" to the road trip staple that is beef jerky: tasty new Grassfed Beef Crisps, which are made naturally - seriously, just look at the ingredients list - and come in simple-but-strong flavors like Black Pepper and Red Chili.
Where'd the idea come from?
PS: The preparation actually comes from an original customer of ours. I tasted it and thought, `This is the way beef jerky's supposed to taste -- the fact that it's dry and actually tastes like beef." We're hoping to do to the world of jerky what Clif bar did for energy bars.
What makes these different than average beef jerky?
PS: Well, most beef jerky is really tough and coated in something sweet. If you look at the back of [our] package, we explain that the flavor comes from the meat, which is air-dried and free of chemicals or additives.
Where will the beef crisps be sold?
PS: Right now they're being sold online at BeefCrisps.com, the Phoenix Public Market and at the Tucson farmers' market. We have grandiose aspirations of making this a global phenomenon. We want to help support grassfed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.405525
Retrieved Text: What are the best cuts for making beef jerky?
Traditionally roasts (particularly round roasts or eye of round) are the most commonly used cut for making beef jerky because they’re affordable and relatively lean (less fat to trim away). You wouldn’t want to waste premium steaks on beef jerky! That said, flank steaks also make excellent jerky (though with a different appearance and texture than most commercially made jerky), and as an added bonus, absorb marinades particularly well, making it easy to impart extra flavor (try using dried chilies for kick!).
Of course, you don’t have to use beef…game meats like bison, elk, and venison also make really tasty jerky.
– Question submitted by George S.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.292448
Retrieved Text: Beef Jerky Wanted Poster T-Shirt. Fat Free (.5g low Fat ( 3g free of Saturated Fat (.5g). Snack Packaging, box, family, jar, multi-Pack, pouch. No Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky is usda Certified Beef. Wenn du auf unsere Website klickst oder hier navigierst, stimmst du der Erfassung von Informationen durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook. Save 10 w/ 4 active People&apos;s Choice Beef Jerky Promo Codes and Sales. M Category: Coupon codes 10 Off People&apos;s Choice Beef Jerky Coupon Codes 2018. No Man&apos;s Land in Enid. (5 days ago no Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky, Boise City, Oklahoma. Category: coupon codes, beef Jerky Promo Codes, m (3 days ago save money on things you want with a Beef Jerky promo code or coupon. M/NoMansLandBeefJerky category: coupon codes.
Adult sizes SM - XXL. 18 Beef Jerky coupons now on RetailMeNot. Our Price:.00, no Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky Banner T-Shirt.
Beef jerky, beef sticks, and more! No Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky.
No Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky is usda Certified Beef, you can be guaranteed that you will be getting some of the best beef jerky. M category: coupon codes m Promo Codes Coupons 2018 (17 days ago coupon Codes (1) Online Sales (0) 10 off. M/coupons/meat, category: Promo codes, Coupon codes, Promotion code, no Man&apos;s Land Beef Jerky - Foodservice Distributor - Boise. Wir verwenden Cookies, um Inhalte zu personalisieren, Werbeanzeigen maßzuschneidern und zu messen sowie die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer zu erhöhen. Ml Category: coupon codes Beef Jerky - The search for the best - General Discussion. M Category: Coupon codes.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.243095
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the "Hot" Beef Jerky to your wish list.
Home-made Beef Jerky that is HOT!
We take lean beef brisket, hand-cut it into strips, then marinate it in teriyaki, garlic, cayenne pepper, and a special blend of spices, then smoked to perfection! This stuff is HOT but flavorful!!!
1lb. is equal to about 10-12 pieces.
I am a big fan of good jerky which is cut with the grain ... it is stringy when bitten into. These are very hearty pieces of beef with a fair amount of burn and great smokey flavor.
This is, so far, my favorite jerky other than what I make at home.
It is a little oily and wet, and I prefer a drier jerky, which is why I said four instead of five stars.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.236578
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re about to head out on a road trip or shuffling through a busy airport, it’s hard to find a healthy on-the-go snack that is nourishing enough to sustain your travels. Often times, that very snack we reach for while we are in between terminals is beef jerky. But, the one problem most of us find with this snack is that it is usually tough on our jaws and not as tender as it is savory. Well, lucky for us, we came across a jerky brand that fixes that problem and is bursting with flavor (and all natural, we might add)!
Divine Bovine Gourmet Beef Jerky started out as a family owned and operated beef jerky brand, and has since expanded, now offering turkey jerky. Although this jerky started out in gourmet, specialty stores, the brand can now be found at many local markets, gas stations, specialty stores and online.
What makes this jerky so tender? After experimenting with different cuts of meat, the owner found that “Brisket of Beef” brought out the most flavor and tenderness. Adding no MSG or nitrates, Divine Bovine uses all natural ingredients and is a low carbohydrate source of protein. Also, no preservatives are added and those of which occur naturally are found in honey. Aside from being low in fat, sugar and carbohydrates, Divine Bovine is Gluten-Free certified!
Divine Bovine is cleverly named and branded with its slogan, “Holy Cow, It’s Terrific,” and a mascot that bears its heavenly halo. The founder let us in on a secret, in telling us

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.232937
Retrieved Text: Another dehydrator adventure! As promised, I’m sharing my beef jerky recipe with you. I’ve made 4 batches since the dehydrator arrived, and I’m betting I’m due to make another. You see, my husband isn’t really a “sweets” guy. All of the chocolates and candies in the world don’t faze him. (Except maybe these chocolates!) To show my love and appreciation for him through food, I make enchiladas, roast chicken, or chili. Although judging by its popularity, I think that this beef jerky very well has been added to this list of favorites.
This jerky is easy to make and while I haven’t measured the nutritional value, I’m sure it’s lower in sodium and healthier than the packaged stuff. My husband and I also think it tastes better – it’s slightly spicy, and the flavor is fuller. Of course, it’s also gluten-free. It’s perfect as an on-the-go snack when you’re not sure about your next meal, or when you don’t have much time to eat. It’s also wonderful to share, which is the reason why we’ve gone through so much!
Place beef in the freezer for about 15 minutes. This will allow it to “firm up” so that you can slice it more easily. Once it is firm, slice your beef across the grain thinly (about 1/8 inch thick or so).
Combine the remaining ingredients in a large zip-top bag. Add the beef slices and seal the bag, and toss around to ensure all of the slices are well-coated. Refrigerate overnight or for 8 hours or so.
Is your sweetie in

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.201462
Retrieved Text: A huge jerky fan, who could say no when Duke's sent me a batch of their artisanal smoked meats to review. Shunning the industrial processed jerky you can find in your local gas station, Duke's instead decided to produce jerky in small batches the way it was originally done centuries ago.
Due to its low water and high salt content, jerky is by nature a light, high energy food capable of being stored in unfavorable conditions for long periods of time. This is exactly what makes it the perfect trail food.
Started in 2004 by Justin Havlick, Duke's uses only lean cut beef or pork rounds, sliced nice and thin. The slices are marinated, cured on rotating racks, and then smoked low and slow in small batches, using real mesquite and hickory wood chips, with no artificial smoke flavoring or MSG.
The jerky not only tastes great, but uses simple ingredients you can pronounce such as soy sauce, dried onion, dried garlic, brown sugar, angus beef, and apple juice concentrate. With three servings per package, each chunk of jerky provides your body with 50-80 calories for fuel and 6-8 grams of protein.
Duke's sent four flavors of jerky for me to try: Bourbon Glaze Beef Steak Strips made with Jim Beam Bourbon, Island Teriyaki Beef Jerky made with Kikkoman Teriyaki sauce, Hot + Spicy "Shorty" Smoked Sausages, and the Original Angus Beef Jerky. My personal favorite is the Bourbon Glaze Beef.
Bottom Line: If you are a jerky fan and would rather enjoy the taste of something artisan made in small

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.095572
Retrieved Text: The question of how to dry beef jerky is one that has been asked for centuries. People have dried jerky over fires, hanging in the open air, and electric dehydrators.
Here is an extended look at the most popular methods for drying beef jerky today. They can all be used in a typical home and some do not even require any new equipment!
If you have any questions or feedback about how to dry beef jerky please let us know!
Preparing meat to make beef jerky and home consists of several steps. Here is a more detailed look at how to prepare meat for the drying process.
The seasoning process in making beef jerky can involve many different types of techniques. Seasoning can include salts, dry rubs, brines, and marinades. Here is a look at the processes that add flavor to your beef jerky strips.
There are many ways you can dry the beef out to make beef jerky at home. We cover some of the more common ones.
The most convenient way to make beef jerky at home is to use an electric dehydrator. These machines make dehydrating beef jerky a snap.
Ovens are convenient and economical kitchen tools for making delicious beef jerky at home.
When making beef jerky at home a smoker can be a great way to add flavor to your meat.
When is Beef Jerky Done?
Knowing when to stop dehydrating the jerky is one of the keys to learn how to make beef jerky at home. We explore some ways that you can learn to perfectly cook the jerky.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.020042
Retrieved Text: If your experience with beef jerky is limited to road trips and convenience store varieties, don’t hold that against today’s Grommet. The spicy, meaty strips of smoke-cured beef we’re featuring are in a whole different league. Kings County Jerky Co. uses only pasture-raised, grass-fed beef from local farms in New Jersey and New York, and it seasons the beef with natural ingredients. The Brooklyn company even toasts and grinds its own spices. No artificial flavors or preservatives allowed. The guys behind the company are Chris Woehrle and Robert Stout, two friends who started experimenting with beef jerky, won “crowd favorite” in a regional culinary contest, and later graduated from a balcony smoker to a commercial kitchen as word spread about their delectable strips of spicy, sweet and savory beef. I tried (devoured) all three flavors -- the peppery Classic, spicy-sweet Korean BBQ and tangy Orange-Ginger. They’re phenomenal. Put it this way: If the over-processed jerky from convenience stores belongs with, say, a Mountain Dew, then this artisanal jerky deserves a craft micro brew. Just as your tastes have grown up, so has beef jerky. Kings County is a royal treat.
Hey there, Grommeteers! It’s Chris from Kings County Jerky Co.
I’m taking a break from the kitchen to introduce myself and say hi. Let me start by saying we’re really proud of our jerky, and can’t wait to tell you about it! We’re jerky fanatics who became jerky makers for one reason: we wanted to eat the best beef jerky on the planet! Since we couldn’t find it,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.986416
Retrieved Text: 1 – Country Archer Sriracha Beef Jerky – it really tastes like Sriracha, so good!
1 – Carnivore Candy Volcanic Jalapeno – this stuff is serious hot!
1 – Slo Coast Spicy Beef Jerky – hot but tangy, and way too tasty.
1 – BroBasket black tin – you can’t even see it there’s so much jerky!
(2.5 oz) As the name suggests, Slo Coast Spicy Creole Beef Jerky features a blend of spices that really deliver the heat. This 3oz package is perfect for any guy who can handle a little extra kick. Pair it with an IPA or a pale ale for a little sampling of heaven.
Everyone knows you can give a woman a bouquet of flowers for any occasion, but did you know that guys like bouquets too? Well guess what, they do—as long as they’re filled with beef! The Caliente Beef Bouquet is made for the guy who would eat beef jerky for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if it was socially acceptable. But do we really care what other people think? Of course not. So with this BroBasket, he can eat beef jerky whenever the hell he damn well pleases. This beef bouquet includes five of our favorite varieties of jerky—Sriracha and Jalapeno from Country Archer, Sweet Picante and Volcanic Jalapeno from Carnivore Candy, and Spicy Creole from Slo Coast. They range from hot to super hot, so it’s a perfect gift for the guy who can handle a bit of a kick.
Featuring five 3oz packages, this BroBasket includes over a pound of meat, all individually

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.959011
Retrieved Text: Can you really lose weight with beef jerky?
I started the beef jerky diet weighing at 220 pounds, and have lost 70 pounds on it over an 18 month period. I had no surgery, no pills, no special diet food.
But as funny as it sounds, the beef jerky diet is less to do with beef jerky, and more to do about controlling your appetite and exercising.
1. It's very low in fat. Beef jerky has to be very low in order to prevent it from spoiling. A typical package of jerky (about 4 ounces) has about 4gm of fat.
2. It's very low in carbs. Beef jerky would actually have about 0 carbs, if not for the small amounts of sugar that manufacturers put into the flavoring. A 4 ounce bag of jerky will typically have about 10-20gm of carbs.
3. It's high in protein. Protein is part of the magic that causes the body to boost its metabolism. Lean protein is better, which beef jerky is. It's takes more work for the body to burn this type of energy, therefore it raises the metabolism to make this happen.
1. Sodium. A typical 4 ounce bag of jerky will have about 1600-2000mg of sodium. That's pretty much the limit of what a healthy diet should have. If you were to eat 2 or 3 bags of jerky, then you're really pushing it. To counter this, drink plenty of water, and sweat through exercise.
2. Low nutrients. Jerky is low in potassium and magnesium, two minerals that are very vital to bodily functions,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.946163
Retrieved Text: Our goal is to provide the highest quality products to you and your family. How did we do?
“Werner beef jerky is my go-to choice for a snack…My favorite is the Jalapeno Beef and Cheese! Yum!” Scott D.
“Your Original Beef Jerky is the best I have ever had!” Jonathan J.
“WOW! I have never tasted a jerky as tender, fresh, and flavorful as your Beef Steak Nuggets! Thank you and please keep up the quality product you offer.” Carla A.
“I must say your Peppered Beef Jerky is some of the best jerky I have ever tasted. Because of this, I will be seeking out Werner products whenever possible!” Jeffrey S.
“I recently bought a bag of your Honey Glazed Beef Jerky…it was the best jerky I have ever had.” Brad T.
“You have the best beef jerky I have ever tasted…” Jose A.
“I just tasted your Hot Beef Jerky and it is incredible!!!! My taste buds are in overdrive! This is by far the best jerky I have ever tasted. Thank you for doing it right!!!” Logan G.
“I buy multiple packages of your Teriyaki Beef Jerky on a weekly basis. It is the best jerky I have ever tasted!!” Karen H.
“I was recently driving in Southern California and found a bag of the BEST beef jerky I ever tasted!” Ronald M.
“I have been buying your Honey Glazed Smoked Beef Chunks for the past 3 years and it is the best I have ever eaten!!!” Patrick B.
“I just want to let you that your Teriyaki Beef Jerky is the best in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.88859
Retrieved Text: Our Grass Fed Beef Jerky (Teriyaki flavor) is minimally processed using only the finest cuts of grass fed beef and simple ingredients. Our delicious Teriyaki Beef Jerky is made by hand in small batches. Jerky makes a great snack to take on a camping trip, hiking, long car ride or to work. Beef jerky is also a good source of protein and low fat. From our farm to your table, car or backpack. 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. Important Allergy information: Teriyaki contains (or may contain) wheat, soy, corn, rice or potato (used as thickener).
Simple ingredients: Beef, seasonings (brown sugar, fermented soy sauce (soy sauce, wheat, soy beans, salt, Maltodrextrin), lemon powder, salt, dehydrated celery and garlic, water.
Asian-inspired teriyaki with a savory flavor.
Allergy Information: Teriyaki contains (or may contain) wheat, soy, corn, rice or potato (used as thickener).
Shipping: Free shipping with any purchase of $49 or more. Or, $3.95 Individually (flat rate, up to 2 bags). Not available in AK or HI.
About Our Grass Fed Beef: Our family has been producing quality Grass Fed Angus Beef for over a decade in Colorado and Kansas. We’re now offering our ‘small batch’ grass fed beef jerky for sale. We’re headquartered in the Kansas City metro area (Shawnee, Kansas).
Explore our other Grass Fed Beef Packages or Join our Grass Fed Beef Club and receive premium beef delivered each month.
Premium Grass Fed Beef Jerky (Teriyaki Flavor) – Our Grass Fed Beef Jerky (teriyaki flavor) is made with select cuts of the finest grass fed Angus beef.
Important Allergy information – Teriyaki contains (or

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.773754
Retrieved Text: Continuing in the new line of turkey meat snacks from Jimmy's Sticky Jerky is this Sticky Heat. See my review of their Sticky Sweet Turkey published last April.
The company says this jerky similar to their Sticky Heat beef jerky, but modified to be a little lighter and milder to compliment the flavors of turkey.
The newest flavor from Pap's Beef Jerky is this Asian Style. See our other reviews of Pap's Beef Jerky.
This Asian Style is described as "A sweet and savory marinade infused with garlic, pepper and red chili’s meld together to deliver a beef jerky that compliments the natural beef flavor of the meat with the sweet spicy barbecue style created centuries ago in Asia."
Judas' Original Jerky is a brand of Morels The Vegan Butcher, based out of Louisville, KY. It a company that specializes in vegan food products.
Currently Morels has two flavors, this "Judas' Original" and a "Ned's Chipotle". They're working on a Sriracha Maple.
Being the most eccentric flavor in the line of meat snacks from Appalachian Jerky, this "Thermonuclear" is said to be wicked hot.
In fact, the company claims that it, "...will light you up through a combination of Ron's favorite burning ingredients. For chiliheads only!"
Based in Brighton, MA, Appalachian Jerky Company is the creation of two college buddies, Ron Myrick and Doug Labb. The boys had been making their own jerky for camping trips and parties. When they decided to take their seasoned meat delicacies to market, they tweaked their original recipe and developed a few more.
House of Jerky is a brand

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.768192
Retrieved Text: The fantastic thing about the internet is that it spreads knowledge like wildfire. And much like wildfire itself, this information is often unexpected and unpredictable.
Beef jerky may seem one of those things that cannot hold many surprises—it’s just a regular snack, right?
We all know that that jerky is lean meat that has been dried and salted, but it is more than that. I bet even the most know-it-all of you will get surprised to discover that behind jerky’s deliciousness there are a plethora of strange and funny tidbits of trivia to discover.
Don’t believe me? Take a look at this list of weird facts you (probably) didn’t know about jerky.
1. Jerky is as old as time.
No one is certain of the geographical origins of beef jerky—and this is because dried meat is, perhaps, the oldest forms of food preservation known.
As we all know, fresh meat rots fast. The need to store food for future consumption lead to humanity discovering that drying lean meat and salting it made it last far longer. Its consumption became, then, wildly popular—for example, Ancient Egypt consumed salted and dried meat massively.
Native Americans, particularly, enjoyed hanging buffalo meat strips over campfires. Such a method accelerated the drying process, and once the humidity evaporated, they packed the meat in skin bags, and took it with them for long journeys.
2. The word jerky comes from Quechua.
Despite sounding very English to our ears, jerky’s name is far from being Anglo-Saxon in origins—it has its roots in Native American language, much like the delicious snack itself.
Jerky is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.64025
Retrieved Text: The Pacific Gold brand of beef jerky is a brand owned by Oh Boy! Oberto, and appears to be their answer for folks who demand beef jerky made with natural ingredients and made with no preservatives.
While Pacific Gold appears to be free of preservatives, it's not really made with all natural ingredients. Rather, they bill it as "natural style". What exactly is "natural style"? It's really just jerky that appears to be real beef jerky. If you consider that Oh Boy! Oberto owns other brands of beef jerky made with "beef meal", or is "formed beef jerky", then it makes sense that beef jerky made with real cuts of meat, would be called, "natural style".
Consider that the actual Oh Boy! Oberto brand of beef jerky also carries the "Natural Style" labeling.
Pacific Gold beef jerky only comes in larger 8oz bags, instead of the standard 4oz bags.
Beef, brown sugar, soy sauce, corn syrup, water, dextrose, flavorings, salt, pineapple juice concentrate, natural smoke flavor, lactic acid starter culture.
Mostly what I taste is the soy sauce, and just a slight sweetness from the brown sugar. I can't really say that this tastes like teriyaki, however. It appears that Pacific Gold tried to emulate teriyaki by mixing soy sauce with sugar, except didn't put enough sugar in it.
Otherwise, what's left over is a saltiness and an "old meat" taste. In fact, the meat resembles more like Oh Boy! Oberto meat.
The meat itself offers some natural meat flavors, but like I said, more like old meat. I guess that's what you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.561756
Retrieved Text: The next review on Beefy Boys will focus on a 3 ounce/85 gram bag of their Peppered flavored beef jerky. This jerky is advertised as a secret family recipe dating back to 1963, which has not changed to this day. The bag was kindly submitted by the Beefy Boys Jerky Co. team.
The next review on Beefy Boys will be on a 3 ounce/85 gram bag of their Hot Peppered flavored beef jerky. This jerky is advertised as each strip being completely covered with smoking hot red chile peppers, where the finished product looks completely orange. The bag was graciously submitted by the Beefy Boys Jerky Co. team.
The next review on Beefy Boys will focus on a 3 ounce/85 gram bag of their Original flavored beef jerky. This jerky is advertised to be an awesome conservative all natural style of beef jerky because it is milder than their other flavors. The bag was graciously submitted by the Beefy Boys Jerky Co. team.
The next review on Beefy Boys will be on a 3 ounce/85 gram bag of their Jamaican Style flavored beef jerky. This jerky is similar to their long, very thick strips Reserve flavor, but with a jerk sauce added. The bag was graciously submitted by the Beefy Boys Jerky Co. team.
The next review on Beefy Boys will be on a 3 ounce/85 gram bag of their reserve flavored beef jerky. This jerky is advertised to be cut into long, very thick strips, using the same marinade as their peppered flavor except with a hint of red

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.548365
Retrieved Text: Today is National Random of Acts Kindness Day and a local business is getting into the act. The Beef Jerky Outlet will celebrate by donating hundreds of dollars worth of beef jerky to the local police stations. This random act of kindness, is the Beef Jerky Outlet's way of saying thanks and honoring those who serve our community everyday.
Beef Jerky Outlet is excited to give back to the men and women in blue and as a show of appreciation, employees will drop off jerky to their local police department and live stream the fun on their Facebook pages. Beef Jerky Outlet is excited to spread kindness in the community and encourage others to do the same. Beef Jerky Outlet is located at 1401 N. Loop 250 West, Suite 2A in Midland.

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "How is food preserved?" and the following answer choices: 
- liquid
 - moistness
 - hydration
 - bacteria
 - mold
 - heat
 - Cooking
 - drying

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and food is then dehydrated in slow oven or dehydrator, choose the best answer.

Target Text: drying

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.642607
Retrieved Text: Preserved fruit features are part of our normal daily basis in Conservas Lazaya. We are a family business in Aragon devoted to preserved fruit and candied fruits for several generations. We quite understand our core business: preserved fruit features, plantations, cropping, processing… Our purpose here is to promote a better knowledge of candied fruits, fruits in syrup and other products we elaborate. In a nutshell, we are committed to promoting this land’s unique fruit culture, enlightening all those aspects that may be of interest for the uninitiated, but also for those who are wishing to deepen in the knowledge of this issue.
Our commitment to quality goes far beyond the local and international requirements. Thus, it is a style of doing things we have nursed from birth… In the process of refurbishing a traditional business, we have invested efforts to preserve those traditional methods and ancient know-how that has proven useful in growing, processing or packaging the fruit. But at the same time we have radically developed all those processes intended for improving quality and gaining the customer’s trust in our preserved fruit features for their complience with the most demanding requirements in food safety.
We look forward to spreading the preserved fruit culture of Aragonian sunny lands through this weblog, as well as transfering our expertise to those truly interestead in sharing the sweet flavours of Aragonian fruits.
Sugar free preserved fruit is a growing trend that allows to combine a healthy nutrition and the intake of sweet. Achieving the same taste with less calories in candied fruits,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.50166
Retrieved Text: Join food preservationist, Brie Wakeland, for a fun and delicious class on how to make preserved Moroccan-inspired lemons and oranges at home. Preserved lemons and oranges are delicious when added to stews, salad dressings, and more. Samples and recipes will be provided.
Through her deep involvement with the LA Arboretum, LA Public Libraries, Garden School Foundation, The Gourmandise School, and Slow Food LA, Brie has lead hundreds of classes to adults and children. She is certified as a Food Preservation Instructor through Slow Food LA, and the late Ernest Miller.
click here to register or call (626) 893-5164, or stop by the store.
Want to Save on All workshops and events? Click Here and become a member today!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.907635
Retrieved Text: What kind of food do you give away?
How can I start a food drive?
What are most needed items?
A. Our member agencies are responsible for determining how the food is distributed to individuals in need. We work with over 60 charities that allocate the food we source.
Q. What kind of food do you give away?
A. Crosscare prioritises making wholesome, nutritious foods available to those most in need. Much of what we distribute is fresh produce, dairy products, fresh meats, and other refrigerated and frozen products. We really need preserved food, cleaning products and toiletries.
Q. Where does the food bank get food?
A. Food comes to us from farmers, retailers, distributors, wholesale, food industry sources and the E.U. F.E.A.D. programme. In addition, kind-hearted members of our community hold food drives that can bring in literally tons of food.
Food Poverty is affecting a cross section of society, a non-judgmental approach has always been adopted by Crosscare, if you are in need of food the Saint Vincent DePaul can be contacted at (01) 8386990, our housing and welfare team can be contacted on (01) 872 6775.
Q. Where can I drop off food?
Larger-scale donations of food are received through our warehouse and special arrangements can be made 24/7 by calling Valerie on (01) 8365040.
Q. How do I start a food drive?
A. We are grateful to our friends in the community who hold food drives: they not only generate food - they generate awareness of the problem of food poverty and hunger in our community, contact the food bank on (01) 8365040.
Q. What

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.541357
Retrieved Text: Home » What kinds of foods should be preserved?
What kinds of foods should be preserved?
What kind of foods I should eat?
that all depends, how old are you? what your health rate is? do you exercise? if you want to go on a healthy diet, you should ask your doctor about your age group.
Why are exercise and nutrition important?
Why carbamazole has longer half life than propylthiouracil?
What are the fatty foods to be avoided to maintain cardiovascular health?
What kind of food are traditionally eaten in Nevada?
Why is carmal healthy for you?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.347868
Retrieved Text: More than helpful food preservation know-how turned up at a talk last week by Eugenia Bone, author of Well Preserved (Clarkson Potter 2009) and the Denver Post’s Well Preserved Blog.
I’m on a “travel quest” these days, not necessarily to faraway places, but simply to new places and/or new experiences. So last week I traveled to Denver’s magical Botanic Gardens (all of 30 miles away.) The Gardens alone were a treat (memo to file: when April’s dark days get me down I’m heading to the Gardens for a cheap tropical thrill.) Better yet, however, was a lively talk by Eugenia Bone.
As Eugenia is a food preservation expert, I wasn’t surprised to reap a treasure trove of know-how on capturing the season’s bounty for the cold days of winter. I was delightfully surprised, however, to learn how strategic food preservation can also be harnessed as a tool to beat boredom at the dinner table.
Long-time newsletter readers know that beating mealtime boredom is a common theme of mine–and for good reason: Boredom is the #1 mealtime barrier for countless people. Time after time, a well-intentioned home chef gets lured into dialing for takeout, just because she’s tired of making the same old thing!
That’s why I’m always on the hunt for boredom beating strategies, and Eugenia shared a good one. Not surprisingly, it revolves food preservation, but not in the usual sense, i.e., Aunt Sue putting up 48 quarts of tomatoes to last until the next tomato harvest. Eugenia’s definition of food preservation is far more liberal, encompassing a wide

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.289297
Retrieved Text: What is vacuum pressure impregnated wood?
Why should wood be impregnated?
How durable is wood naturally?
How is wood impregnated with the preservatives?
How do impregnation plants operate?
Can all wood species be preserved in the same way?
How to choose a wood preservative?
Is preserved wood safe for the environment?
Where do I use preserved wood?
Can food and water come into contact with preserved wood?
Can children safely play on playground equipment made of preserved wood?
Is preserved wood safe in vegetable patches and gardens?
Does preserved wood cause health risks for humans?
Are there any additional precautions for working with preserved wood?
Should vacuum and pressure treated wood be painted?
How is the safety of wood preservation companies assured?
What do scientific studies say about the safety of vacuum pressure impregnated wood?
Why is preserved wood in many instances an ideal substitute for concrete, plastics, steel and aluminium?
What to do with waste wood?
1. What is vacuum pressure impregnated wood?
Vacuum pressure impregnated wood is wood that, through the application of a preservative, is protected for many years against fungi and insects. To achieve this effect, wood is put in a closed horizontal cylinder Ð the autoclave Ð and then the air is drawn out of the cylinder and out of the wood cells. Then the preservative is admitted and the content of the treatment cylinder is put under pressure. By doing this, the preservative enters deep into the wood cells. After this, the vacuum is sucked again to make sure that any excess preservative is completely removed. The process is brought to an end by a fixation treatment to ensure that

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.166544
Retrieved Text: Chicken Recipe: Chicken, Chicken Broth, Chicken Liver, Carrots, Turkey, Green Beans, Peas, Celery, Dicalcium Phosphate, Guar Gum, Calcium Citrate, Potassium Chloride, Sweet Potato, Xanthan Gum, Pumpkin, Flaxseed Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Calcium Carbonate, Minerals, Choline Chloride, Vitamins, Dried Kelp, Taurine, Salmon Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Magnesium Sulfate, Garlic Powder, Rosemary Extract. Salmon Recipe: Salmon, Water Sufficient For Processing, Chicken Liver, Turkey, Carrots, Peas, Salmon Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Celery, Green Beans, Okra, Guar Gum, Calcium Citrate, Tricalcium Phosphate, Sweet Potato, Potassium Chloride, Pumpkin, Flaxseed Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Xanthan Gum, Minerals, Vitamins, Dried Kelp, Taurine, Garlic Powder, Rosemary Extract. Turkey Recipe: Turkey, Turkey Broth, Chicken Liver, Carrots, Green Beans, Celery, Dicalcium Phosphate, Peas, Mustard Greens, Okra, Guar Gum, Potassium Chloride, Calcium Citrate, Sweet Potato, Flaxseed Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Pumpkin, Calcium Carbonate, Xanthan Gum, Minerals, Vitamins, Dried Kelp, Taurine, Magnesium Sulfate, Salmon Oil (Preserved With Mixed Tocopherols), Garlic Powder, Rosemary Extract.
Like this variety pack. I like that Thrive has high quality cat food options. Both of my cats eat grain free and Halo is a hit with Preston. Penelope only likes dry food but she will lick these flavors from the can.
Alll about it ! And so am I for it’s quality.
Thrive has consistently had great prices for this kitty-favorite. We alternate between this and the dry food. It's so convenient to buy it this way and have it delivered!
Halo has become our main brand of cat food for our two picky eaters. They will eat all of the flavors in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.063967
Retrieved Text: Preserved lemons are a glorious treat! Their mellow yet sophisticated flavor enhances fish and roast chicken dishes, as well as cut the richness of heavy winter soups and stews. They can brighten all manner of salads, spice up your dips, and even make the most simple pasta dish shine. They’re truly a must have in the kitchen.
Preserved lemons are common in Indian and North African cuisine where their intense lemon flavor accentuates their many tagine dishes. Holistically, they can be used for stomach ailments and cutting through sticky congestion. Just toss a slice in some tea and you’re good to go!
The Wonders of Moroccan Preserved Lemons and How to Make Them!
I came across my first preserved lemon while at work believe it or not! I was helping a woman locate these “preserved lemons” and truth be told, I had no idea what she was talking about, I had never heard of such a thing. Oh, how ignorant I was! I told her so and she balked with complete and utter disbelief! “Oh, surely you MUST have one now!” She exclaimed. And so off we went to where I expected we might find them, and lo and behold, there they were atop a glass display, surrounded by cured meats and gourmet cheeses sparkling in the largest jar I’ve ever seen.
I watched the girl behind the counter reach elbow deep into the jar to fish out the 3 best lemons. There weren’t many left. Clearly, these things were popular! The woman asked to have a sliver cut off

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.902169
Retrieved Text: Everything sold outside is adulterated. Adulterated foods are impure, unsafe and unhealthy. Normally adulteration in food is done for financial gain. The result is that common people are either cheated or become victims of diseases. Rice, vegetables, meat, fish all are adulterated to be stored for days, months and years. All these adulterated food causes cancer and other major diseases. This is the way cancer comes. So eat pure food which is not adulterated or preserved. For preserving food for days and months some chemicals are used which is very harmful for our health.
Everything is produced artificially. Have you thought how these fruits and vegetables stay for months without getting spoiled? If we keep ripe mango or any other ripe fruit in our home, it will not stay for more than three, four days. Most of the diseases happen because of food habit. Pesticides and hormones are used in fruits and vegetables for more yields.
Meat and chicken are equally harmful. They are preserved using chemicals. Chickens are produced by giving hormones to hen. Fish contains ammonia that is added into ice for keeping ice without melting for longer period and these ices are used in fish.
Essences and flavors are widely used in food items. There is essence for everything. Milk, chocolate, biriyani, vanilla, mango juice, coconut oil, pista, apple, pine apple etc. and these essences are petroleum products.
To be a healthy person one must avoid all these things because what you eat is what you are. One should select wholesome and non-adulterated food which is essential

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.897716
Retrieved Text: Nutro Wholesome Essentials Large Breed Puppy Pasture-Fed Lamb & Rice Recipe Dog Food always starts with pasture-fed lamb and is made with high-quality nutrients like glucosamine and chondroitin. This dog food contains calcium to build strong bones and joints and omega 3 fatty acids like DHA to support the growth and development needs of your large breed puppy. . Nutro Food for Dogs always follows the the Nutro Feed Clean philosophy, is always made with Non-GMO* Ingredients and contains no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives.
Lamb, Lamb Meal (source of Glucosamine and Chondroitin Sulfate), Brewers Rice, Pea Protein, Rice Bran, Whole Brown Rice, Whole Grain Oatmeal, Split Peas, Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Natural Flavor, Chickpeas, Sunflower Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Soybean Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Fish Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Potassium Chloride, Salt, Choline Chloride, Taurine, Zinc Sulfate, Niacin Supplement, Vitamin E Supplement, Calcium Pantothenate, Riboflavin Supplement (Vitamin B2), Pyridoxine Hydrochloride (Vitamin B6), Vitamin B12 Supplement, Iron Amino Acid Chelate, Copper Amino Acid Chelate, Selenium Yeast, Biotin, Manganese Amino Acid Chelate, Vitamin A Supplement, Thiamine Mononitrate (Vitamin B1), Vitamin D3 Supplement, Potassium Iodide, Folic Acid, Rosemary Extract, Decaffeinated Green Tea Extract, Spearmint Extract.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.890068
Retrieved Text: Located in one of the city's oldest residential areas, this market is one of the most popular hawker centres. There are too many great food items to choose from, like Lor mee, porridge and roast chicken. The silky white Shui Kueh, topped with preserved radish and sauce, is very tempting.Typical local street food: a white rice cake with preserved vegetables and a secret sauce.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.841049
Retrieved Text: Food is preserved by preventing growth of microorganisms, retarding oxygen, and inhibiting enzymatic processes. Finally they are sealed in containers to keep them that way. Other than making them safe to consume preserving also involves maintaining nutritional value, texture, color, and flavor. Food can be preserved by several methods to last a long time. The most widely used are canning, dehydrating, and freezing. Vacuum sealing dehydrated and frozen food extends their shelf life as well. Prepping Connections Store supplies all your survival food preservation needs.
Get started on your preserving your crops for your family’s future today.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.774591
Retrieved Text: Pickling, one of the oldest methods of food preservation, involves submerging your food of choice in either a salt or vinegar brine to keep it from spoiling.
Consuming pickled foods regularly is good for your overall well-being.
It’s a cost-effective way of preserving food.
Pickling food helps prevent bad bacteria from growing.
You can pickle the same food in different ways.
When you use vinegar to make pickles, its high acidity prevents most bacteria from growing in the food. Food pickled in vinegar remains preserved as long as it is submerged in the solution.
Kosher pickles are cucumbers preserved in a vinegar solution. Meanwhile, most dill pickles are preserved in brine. Dill pickles may include vinegar, but it is preserved in a mixture that includes dill and other pickling spices and salt.
Did you know that you can also pickle fruit? Fresh fruits ripen quickly and pickling is a good way to preserve excess fruit. Additionally, natural sugars in fruits perfectly complement the salty and sour components that are introduced by the pickling process. Pickled fruits can also be added to salads and cheese plates.
Here are seven unique foods that you can pickle, with a recipe included below for quick-pickled apples.
Pickled fruits pair well with rich foods. When making this recipe for quick-pickled apples, you can use maple syrup instead of sugar to enhance the flavor of the final product. Take note that the apple slices will fade with time, but you can experiment with a redder-skinned apple.
The recipe below produces a pint of quick-pickled apples.
Combine the maple syrup, vinegar, water, kosher salt,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.739357
Retrieved Text: Acidity of Bamboo Shoots, preserved. Is it ok for heartburn and acid reflux?
Food Bamboo Shoots, preserved is very acid - it will probably cause serious heartburn.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.655529
Retrieved Text: If you're here, it's because you're curious about the person who dreamed up French Watermelon Mint Syrup. It's only natural to wonder. I grew up in a small farming community in southern Maryland, where I learned the rhythms of picking and preserving seasonal fruits and veggies from our garden and local farms. I'd tag along with my grandmother, Dorothea, to pick fresh strawberries and her favorite: blackberries the size of golf balls. She'd always say, "I think I ate more than I picked!" With berry-stained fingers and lips, hands itching from the prickly stems, we'd take our haul to her kitchen to make jam and spend days canning. The time with her rooted me in the kitchen and planted the seed that grew into Locally Preserved, New Orleans' first all-natural food manufacturing business.
When I arrived in New Orleans in 2007 (on a particularly muggy December night), fresh out of the Culinary Institute of America/Hyde Park to work at Chef Scott Boswell's Stella!, I never imagined the zig-zagged route I would travel to get here. Over the years, I've worked with an incredible group of chefs, including longtime friend Chef Jose Andres (Jaleo), legendary Louisiana Chef John Folse, celebrity chef Ming Tsai ("Simply Ming"), and Lidia Bastianich ("Lidia's Italy in America", "Lidia Celebrates America").
In April 2010, I started Feed Me Eat Pretty, a small, local catering business. The luncheons, cocktail and dinner parties I catered gave me the perfect opportunity to dig back into making small-batch, seasonal jams, jellies, and syrups – an endeavor that has always

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.566358
Retrieved Text: Are you a kitchen experimenter or adventurous eater? I don’t mean in the Andrew Zimmern “Bizarre Foods” kind of way (although if stinky tofu or rat hearts are your thing, rock on; I’ll hold off, thanks). No, I’m talking about a willingness to try food combinations or flavors that are just a touch out of your comfort zone. Maybe that means ordering something you wouldn’t usually get from your favorite restaurant, testing out foods in à la Waste-Less Wednesday style, or that WTF moment when you throw some random ingredients together in a pan and see what happens. Thinking differently about ingredients or food combinations or preparation techniques broadens our food options considerably, and the discovery process is just plain fun — especially when you find something you want to share.
I’m just circling back to let you know how we used our preserved lemons. The gremolata was delicious — it fed a whole family very happily. But the biggest discovery was what happened when we combined the lemons with feta. We’ve been buying our feta from Rose International Market on Castro St. in Mountain View for 20+ years….The other day I lightly mixed a wedge of preserved lemon with a little bit of leftover Bulgarian feta and served it with crackers and lavash (also from Rose Market). The resulting spread was just heavenly. I didn’t think it was possible to improve Bulgarian feta, but I guess you never know!
As for the lemons, you can use 7-day or 30-day preserved lemons for this recipe, although the flavors

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.506461
Retrieved Text: Hong Lee Trading of Brooklyn, NY is recalling Peacock Brand Preserved Apricots imported from Vietnam because they may contain sulfites that were not declared on the label.
Routine sampling and analysis by New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets Food Inspectors revealed the presence of sulfites in packages of the preserved apricots.
No adverse reactions have been reported to date in connection with the recalled product.
The recalled Peacock Brand Preserved Apricots come in uncoded, 300 gram (10.6 oz.), clear, plastic containers and were sold nationwide.
The recalled Peacock Brand Preserved Apricots may be returned to the place of purchase.
For more information contact the company at 718-386-2100.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.495902
Retrieved Text: For this recipe, I used thin green beans (actually French haricots verts), which have the diameter but not the length of Chinese long beans. Long beans, also known as yard-long beans (豆角, dòu jiǎo), are ideal for this dish. Long beans have a more pronounced “bean” taste and a softer texture than Western green beans, but that notwithstanding, green beans make an equally tasty dish.
Tianjin preserved vegetable (天津冬菜, Tiānjīn dōngcài) is chopped cabbage that has been cured with salt. Used as a seasoning, it adds saltiness and a rich and savory umame taste to food. The preserved vegetable traces its origin to Tianjin, the fourth largest city in China, which is located on the Hai river north of Beijing. Tianjin preserved vegetable comes in a famous brown jar with a classic shape.
Heat your wok until barely smoking. Then add 1 Tbsp peanut oil and swirl it around. Then add the beans (#1) and stir-fry them until bright green and just beginning to blister.
Turn the heat down to medium and add the Tianjin preserved vegetable (#2) and stir-fry for about 30 seconds until warmed through.
Pour in the sauce (#3) and stir until everything is hot and coated.
VARIATIONS: Add 1/4 cup ground pork to the wok and cook for about 30 seconds before adding the beans. The sauce (#3) is minimalist and delicious as is, but you can develop it further if you like. If your accompanying dishes aren’t spicy, consider adding 2 tsp chile oil or 1 Tbsp chili bean paste to the sauce.
This entry was posted

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.436956
Retrieved Text: We offer one of a kind, hand crafted and naturally preserved foods such as jams, pickles, beer mustards, sriracha and sauerkraut. We specialize in interesting flavor compositions and utilize only the freshest produce. During Florida farming season we work closely with local farms and highlight many seasonal limited small batch preserves.
Our products are preserved using traditional methods so you won't find any artificial ingredients of any kind in our jars!
Our kitchen also has a tasting room and retail where we sell canning supplies and a variety of our heirloom foods. Out of our space we teach canning classes and host homesteading workshops as well.
I was taught how to can by my great uncle, "Uncle Ray". He grew up in a small coal mining town called Charmco in the mountains of West Virginia. They had a farm and canning was practical and necessary for surviving the long winter months there.
Uncle Ray passed on his canning skills to me, and although I do not can for survival like he and my family did growing up, I maintain their traditional methods and continue canning. I do this because It helps support local agriculture, tastes better, is fresher, promotes sustainable food, helps avoid damaging natural resources, and it allows me to know exactly what I’m eating!
Growing up in St. Petersburg, FL I was exposed to cultural food-diversities and I developed a taste for unique flavors, textures, and ingredients. Keeping my palette modern and relevant while still staying true to the old country staples is the foundation my recipes are built

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.388268
Retrieved Text: With an opened mind, each step reveals mysteries of the world!
Many microscopic eukaryotic organisms, mostly protists, living in lakes are not fully described, and their importance in aquatic food webs is still poorly understood. For these reasons, I am interested in elucidating how protist communities (including diatoms) can be modified over a centennial time scale and how climate change and human impacts can influence these changes. My research work focuses mostly on lakes used by sockeye salmon as spawning areas, where I reconstruct past communities of small eukaryotes as well as populations of sockeye salmon using molecular methods applied to environmental DNA (eDNA) preserved in lake sediments.
With recent technological advances, molecular techniques applied to eDNA in aquatic environments are a valuable tool to help us understand the biodiversity surrounding us. As these methods are gaining in popularity in different fields of aquatic ecology, another goal of my research it to understand the advantages and the limitations of using molecular methods to detect organisms in paleolimnology. As diatoms are well preserved in lake sediments and widely used in paleolimnology, this taxon is an ideal candidate to evaluate the congruence of molecular and morphological identification in lake sediments.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.370651
Retrieved Text: We are offering more than 200 kinds of Tsukudani (preserved food boiled down in soy sauce) including the fermented kelp called "Maikon" and originally created Tsukudani.
We are offering more than 200 kinds of Tsukudani (preserved food boiled down in soy sauce) including the fermented kelp called "Maikon" and originally created Tsukudani.Maikon which has been enriched nutritive value by fermenting is good as regularly food, gifts or souvenirs as well.
District with stylish sidewalk cafes, Osaka-based designer shops, and other distinctive attractions.
A stylish and comfortable hotel, Arietta offers a good range of services and facilities at a reasonable price.
Hotel with a unique Italian-style exterior featuring six banquet rooms, plus restaurants and lounge.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.354778
Retrieved Text: Normal Food with Less Fats & Carbohydrates but with High Fibres. Best food is Fruits (except banana, mango & grapes ) & Vegetables.
Non-veg Food, Milk & Milk Products (Skimmed milk can be taken), Rice, Oily & Spicy Food, Refined Foods, Fast Food, Preserved Food.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.343453
Retrieved Text: I am so grateful to have visited Italy – it really is one of the most beautiful places. My favourite parts of Italy are around Naples on the coast.
Growing up I also was fascinated by history, in particular ancient history. I had studied Herculaneum and Pompeii at school and when I finally got to visit them I was blown away. Walking down the streets that people walked thousands of years ago, is very humbling, as well as insightful.
I went to Pompeii many many years ago with family, but in 2012 I got to go back to that part of the world and visited Herculaneuem. It was preserved in a different way to Pompeii. Pompeii was buried in mainly ash, whereas Herculaneum was destroyed by a pyroclastic flow – which preserved wood and organic materials much better. In the picture below you can see the beams in the building – these are black because of the intense heat they were exposed to and were preserved because of the nature of the pyroclastic flow!
One of the most fascinating things about both visits was learning more about the way they lived. There are a vast amount of similarities between how the Ancient Romans lived and how we live. They had strong business and entrepreneurial skills, and had different levels of class. There were wealthy people and very poor people. They looked after themselves with water and by going to the baths. Entertainment in the form of gladiators and theatre at the amphitheatre were popular but after the sun went

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.268896
Retrieved Text: Invitation to My Table (and a secret recipe).
So, what is the purpose of a table? Is it merely to hold the dishes and the drinks? Is it just four legs and a slab? Oh no, it is so much more.
A table is conversation. It is a “how was your day?” and a “what does tomorrow look like?” and a “let me tell you about…” It is laughter and sighs and talks about flavors and favors.
A table is confession. It is a “what is your greatest fear?” and “how will we walk through this?” and a “there is a better in this.” It is thoughtful looks and tender tears and precious moments of silence.
A table is communion. It is an “I love you” and an “we’re in this together” and a “how may I pray for you?” It is hands holding and eternity joining in to celebrate the awkward and frail and beautiful dance.
The table is a divine reminder that we are here for each other.
The table at CasaRock has a place for you. The invitation is open – and it’s real. The food will be good, the conversation even better.
Today, I’m praying just for you. And I can’t wait to serve you at the table. Will you accept my invitation?
And as a bonus, here’s a truly amazing, top-secret recipe. I’m not sure which chef at the Modern in Fort Worth, Texas, crafted it, but they deserve a kiss and an award. It is the stuff of dreams. Don’t let the word “curry” scare you. Trust me

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.223297
Retrieved Text: There are many reasons to feed your dog this nutrient rich dry dog food – a search for a healthier lifestyle, those few pounds added, and a lot of birthdays celebrated. Reclaim your dog’s glory days with a healthy dog food that’s rich in nutrients with appropriate levels of the minerals they need less of at this stage of the game. Specially formulated for less active adult and senior dogs, this healthy blend of ocean fish meal, flaxseed, cranberries, blueberries, thyme and lentils is a delicious and satisfying combination your dog will love. Low calorie and low fat, your dog can love this food without worry about it showing on the waistline. Watch them strut their inner gold and show the world the best they can be!
Natural, holistic dry dog food with added vitamin, minerals and amino acid – ideal for less active, adult/senior dogs *Controlled levels of calcium, phosphorus and sodium.
A healthy and delicious, oatmeal, pearled barley & ocean fish meal formula to deliver the ideal amount of protein and omegas for a healthy diet and beautiful coat.
Crafted with Oatmeal, Pearled Barley, Peas, Ocean Fish Meal and other wholesome and nutritious ingredients.
Ingredients: Oatmeal, Pearled Barley, Peas, Ocean Fish Meal, Canola Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Dried Eggs, Flaxseed, Tomato Pomace, Dicalcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Natural Flavors, Salt, DL-Methionine, Choline Chloride, Salmon Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Taurine, Dried Chicory Root, L-Carnitine, Carrots, Pumpkin, Apples, Cranberries, Blueberries, Broccoli, Parsley, Spearmint, Almond Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Sesame Oil (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Yucca Schidigera Extract, Dried

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.213936
Retrieved Text: One of the most indispensible ingredients in Middle-Eastern cuisine is preserved lemon, a must-have for so many dishes like tajines, hummus, stews, salads, couscous, grilled lamb and chicken, the list goes on and on. So many dishes from Syria and the Levant are improved, enriched and brightened up with this fantastic condiment that once you get used to cooking with them, you’ll want to chop up a little preserved lemon in almost everything you make.
This means you’ll want to have a jar of preserved lemon handy, and lucky for us all, making and keeping preserved lemons is ridiculously quick and easy. Caveat: you have to wait a month before using them, so why not make a batch today and enjoy them in early June and for the rest of the summer!
Scrub 5 or 6 lemons with a brush and cut off the nub -the twig end of the lemon, slicing down to the end of the lemon as if halving it, but do not go all the way; leave about half an inch at the end of the lemon to hold it together. Now rotate the lemon 90 degrees and repeat, as if you were going to quarter the lemon. Again, leave half an inch at the end to keep the lemon in one piece.
Spread open up the sections wide enough so you can pour a teaspoon of Kosher or sea salt in between the cut lemon. Invert the lemon and press it into the bottom of the jar. Don’t be shy, you want to squeeze

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.141068
Retrieved Text: We can presume that the very first pieces of ceramics were created by accident as some wet clay was unwillingly fired by some primitive cave people. The first use will have been as a vessel to hold water or carry some food to be preserved from rodents and insects or worms. When plasticity was discovered as a way of expressing inner feelings about existential fears, magic spells, fertility rites, that will have been the start of a real intensive production of works of art.
examples of the oldest preserved documents.
We generally admit that writing is about a little over 3,000 years old...only! When you see a clay figurine of 25,000 years of age it makes you wonder how did we manage without writing for so long ?
Writing is the foundation of all intellectual development as it allows people to study and comment on previous knowledge without the fears of losing oral traditions.
It's also the start of serious commercial relationships based on recorded inventory for shipments and storage.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.994279
Retrieved Text: A live blend of the most useful phytoplankton species for keeping your filter feeders healthy.
Produced by the marine microalgae experts Phyto-Feast is made by Reed Mariculture, the world leader in microalgal hatchery feeds. Our products are used in over 500 university and commercial hatcheries in over 70 countries around the world.
Phyto-Feast Live is a preserved product available in a variety of sizes. Phyto-Feast contains whole and intact biological organisms in a media with benign food grade additives. No phosphates added. For longest shelf life, all Phyto-Feast should be refrigerated before and after opening.
All Reef Nutrition products can be shipped with live good orders, or sent via next day UPS only.
Find out what type of food you need, and how much!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.993687
Retrieved Text: Chicken, Ground Whole Grain Corn, Ground Whole Grain Sorghum, Chicken By-Product Meal (Source of Chondroitin Sulfate and Glucosamine), Ground Whole Grain Barley, Dried Beet Pulp, Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols), Natural Flavor, Dried Egg Product, Dicalcium Phosphate, Potassium Chloride, Dried Brewers.
What's in Iams Pet Food â€“ Learn more about the high-quality ingredients in Iams dog and cat food.
Ingredients: Chicken, Corn Meal, Ground Whole Grain Sorghum, Chicken By-Product Meal, Dried Beet Pulp, Chicken Flavor, Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols, a source of Vitamin E), Potassium Chloride, Dried Egg Product, Brewers Dried Yeast, Salt, Calcium Carbonate, Caramel, Flax Meal, Choline Chloride,.
Chicken, Corn Meal, Ground Whole Grain Sorghum, Chicken By-Product Meal (source of Chondroitin Sulfate and Glucosamine), Ground Whole Grain Barley, Dried Beet Pulp, Chicken Flavor, Dried Egg Product, Chicken Fat (preserved with mixed Tocopherols, a source of Vitamin E), Brewers Dried Yeast, Potassium Chloride, Salt,.
The Iams Naturals product line includes 4 dry dog foods.. Ingredients: Chicken, ground whole grain sorghum, ground whole grain barley, chicken meal, lamb, .
The Iams ProActive Health product line includes 18 dry dog foods.. Ingredients: Chicken, ground whole grain corn, ground whole grain sorghum, chicken .
She had been feeding her dog Iams dog food for several years. However, this sickness just. .. Developed food allergies. Checking Iams past ingredients to now.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.929998
Retrieved Text: Generally, Guangdong Cuisine (Cantonese Food) includes Guangzhou, Chaozhou and Hakka food. Chaozhou food tastes mild, fresh and sweet and it attaches importance to the flavor, appearance, color and aroma. Hakka food is characterized by the vegetarian and coarse ingredients. Hakka people make many preserved dishes, which are the favorites of all ages.
The ingredients of Guangzhou dishes are various. The dishes are cooked exquisitely and taste mild and fresh. Among all the delicacies, seafood dishes should not be missed. In many restaurants, customers can choose fresh aquatic products by themselves. There are many restaurants offering authentic Cantonese food in Hong Kong and some have the dishes of typical Hong Kong style. Don't miss the chance to have a try.
How to go to Macau from Causeway Bay of Hong Kong?
what is the specualties in Macau.
Take Island MTR Line from Causway Bay to Sheung Wan and walk to the nearby HK/Macau Ferry Terminal. There you can easily catch a ferry to Macau.
Do you refer to the representative food in Macau or something else? Anyway, I heard the Bacalhau (codfish) and Galinha Portuguesa cannot be missed there!

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Slow cooking food in an oven will cause it to be what?" and the following answer choices: 
- staying warm
 - kinetic
 - dangerous
 - dry and hot
 - preserved
 - dormant state
 - reduced heat
 - hydration

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and food is then dehydrated in slow oven or dehydrator, choose the best answer.

Target Text: preserved

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.503853
Retrieved Text: Reynolds KITCHENS® Oven Bags are perfect for cooking moist and tender meat and vegetables.
Reynolds KITCHENS® Oven Bags are the easy way to make great tasting meals for your family. Whether it’s your family’s Thanksgiving turkey or a flavorful prime rib roast, using an oven bag is the easy way to enjoy great tasting meats and vegetables.
To use your oven bag, just place it in a pan and fill it with your favorite meat and/or vegetables and refer to any additional information on the package as needed. Close it using the nylon tie provided and place it in the oven for an easy meal prepared with only one pan. The cooking bag traps in moisture and natural juices to keep food from drying out so it comes out juicy and tender every time.
Another benefit of cooking with an oven bag is that clean-up is easy since there’s no messy pan to scrub. From beginning to end, oven bags are a perfect way to free up time and enjoy family dinner without the fuss.
Use our roasting bags to make the perfect turkey or get creative with these easy, care-free oven bag meals.
Cooking temperatures depend on what is being cooked inside of the bag. See our Oven Bags Cooking Guides for optimal cooking times and temperatures when using your oven bags.
What are oven bags made of?
A heat resistant nylon that is FDA-compliant for cooking.
Always shake one tablespoon of flour in an oven bag before cooking. This flour should remain in the bag during cooking to blend the fat and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.674824
Retrieved Text: I want to make candied yams in my crockpot, using a liner. But I will need to toast the marshmallows on top in the oven. Is it okay to do this with a liner for the crockpot?
While I am not 100% clear on the question, I will tell you not all crock pot inserts can go in the oven so check your crockpot book to make sure yours is. I NEVER use an insert period, but I do not, most, if not all are NOT oven safe and can cause a fire. Read the package carefully or call the company if you are amendment about putting a liner in the crock pot and the whole thing into the oven.
I know the liners make for easy clean up but I don't like using them for fear of what leaches out of them into my food. That is just me and is one of my food quirks!!
You would be best served toasting your marshmallows separately and adding them to the top of the crockpot when they are done. Safety first here is my motto!
While I am not 100% clear on the question, I will tell you not all crock pot inserts can go in the oven so check your crock pot book to make sure yours is. I NEVER use an insert period, but I do know most, if not all, are NOT oven safe and can cause a fire.
Read the package carefully or call the company if you are adamant about putting a liner in the crock

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.58251
Retrieved Text: other combustible materials for signs of smoke or burning.
disconnect the power plug, or shut off power at the fuse or circuit breaker panel.
and grease. Built-up grease may overheat and begin to cause smoke or catch fire.
To reduce the risk of an explosion or delayed eruptive boiling when handling the container.
cooking times and power levels until the food is sufficiently heated evenly throughout.
or other utensil into the container.
Do not try to adjust or repair the oven yourself.
against exposure to microwave energy are very hazardous.
open popcorn and oven cooking bags away from the face.
any hot surfaces or sharp edges.
Do not place anything on the outer cabinet because the microwave oven will become very hot during the operation.
Make sure the utensil does not touch the interior walls during cooking.
Accessible parts (e.g. oven door, oven cavity, dishes and accessories) may become hot during use.
only use the oven under adult supervision due to the temperature generated.
* Cook hard / soft boiled eggs.
and heat carefully, stirring often.
or keep clear of cavity walls.
turntable and the browning dish.
by a SERVICE CENTRE APPROVED BY SHARP and repaired, if necessary.
from the door to prevent them burning themselves.
page E-4. NEVER operate the oven without the turntable.
excessive heat and steam are generated, for example, next to a conventional oven unit.
The oven should be installed so as not to block ventilation openings.
Allow space of at least 40cm from top of the oven for air ventilation.
This oven is not designed to be built-in to a wall or cabinet.
or personal injury for failure to observe the correct electrical connecting procedure.
The wire

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.475346
Retrieved Text: <a href="https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BW6TZ2K?ie=UTF8&tag=ream05-20&camp=1789&linkCode=xm2&creativeASIN=B00BW6TZ2K">Fast, FREE Shipping with Amazon Prime.
The size of the GLOBAL SUN OVEN is 19'' x 19'' with an average depth of 11''. The total weight is only 21 pounds.
Bake Boil or Steam without fuel. Bake at 360 to 400 F with the power of the sun. Can prepare anything that can be baked in a conventional oven with no energy expense. Experience the superior taste and nutritional benefits of sun-baked foods.
Can I purchase the Dehydrating and Be Prepared for Anything package separately?
Yes, this package is available as a separate accessory. This is great especially if you have already purchased a GLOBAL SUN OVEN previously.
What can I cook in a GLOBAL SUN OVEN? Anything you can cook in a conventional electric or gas oven can be cooked in a GLOBAL SUN OVEN. You can bake, boil and steam using any of your favorite recipes.
What is the cooking temperature range? The GLOBAL SUN OVEN will reach temperatures of 360 to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. The oven will generally reach its maximum temperature as it is being preheated. The temperature will drop when food is placed in the chamber.
Will food prepared in a GLOBAL SUN OVEN taste the same as food prepared in my conventional oven? The food tastes much better! Solar cooking allows many of the natural flavors of food, which get baked out in conventional ovens, to remain. The slow, even rise in temperatures in a GLOBAL SUN OVEN gives the complex carbohydrates time to break down into simple sugars allowing subtle natural flavors to emerge. Sun

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.093513
Retrieved Text: With so many people working long hours and having busy lives it is easy to fall into the trap of eating junk food and take aways. With a little forward planning it is possible to come home to the welcoming aroma of a cooked meal. By having a meal in your oven slowly cooking throughout the day your family will be eating dinner within minutes of being home.
If you have a large oven it may be a waste of money to have it on all day just to cook one casserole. Why not purchase a slow cooker? They come in varying sizes for single people, couples or families and also in different price brackets. Ideally they should be able to hold enough food to suit the size of your family.
For those who own an Aga or a range that quietly ticks over all day should be used to the maximum. For many an Aga type cooker is just another must have fashion item for the kitchen but they are ideal for cooking your meals and better than a slow cooker. Brown your meat to seal before packing it into a large casserole dish along with lots of tasty vegetables and stock. The heavy iron type casserole dishes are best for these types of cookers.
If you are not happy with leaving a slow cooker cooking while you are away from your home during the day why not set it to run overnight? By morning you will have a meal that can be reheated in the evening when

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.80057
Retrieved Text: This is Part 2 of series of 4 posts about how to use your Instant Pot.
Once you’ve mastered all the great features an Instant Pot has to offer, you may want to start exploring some of the amazing things you can do with your Instant Pot that maybe you didn’t even know about – like pot in pot cooking.
Pot-in-pot cooking, sometimes referred to as PIP cooking, is a technique that allows the user to cook using an oven safe bowl placed on a steam rack inside the Instant Pot. There are several benefits to using this method.
It allows you to cook multiple dishes in the Instant Pot at the same time, such as a main course and a side dish.
Foods that have a tendency to scorch when cooked in a pressure cooker – such as oatmeal or tomato sauce — can be cooked safely using the PIP method.
PIP cooking can be used for baking desserts, such as cheesecakes, in the Instant Pot.
The PIP technique can be used for pressure cooking foods that don’t require a lot of liquid, such as casseroles.
It’s ideal for reheating leftovers.
You will need to purchase two additional tools before you try PIP cooking for the first time. Fortunately, these two items are rather inexpensive.
First, you will need a high trivet or rack. Your Instant Pot probably came with its own rack. This is ideal for steaming; however, it’s not quite tall enough for cooking two foods at once. You’ll need to purchase a trivet that is at least 2.5 – 3 inches

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.563135
Retrieved Text: Obviously I’ve not been giving a lot of thought to cooking things lately–it’s been end-of-term grading, indexing and proofreading, or getting ready for the farmers’ market, or actually being at the farmers’ market, with more energy going to planting things, both for later harvest and for selling at the market than into cooking.
One of the down sides of working the farmers’ market is that I’m one of those people who wake up like a compact fluorescent bulb–pretty dim at first–so getting to the farmers’ market on time on Saturdays involves getting up before the birds just to give me time to be awake and functional. Even Fridays demand early rising, especially as the weather gets hotter–flowers to cut early in the morning and produce to be harvested before the heat of the day sets in and thing wilt…and just to avoid being out in the worst of the heat.
I’m getting into the swing of that now but it still takes time for my lights to come on, though less painful now. That early rising on Friday and Saturday makes me into a really lazy slob on Sunday. Now that the Spring term is over, I’m not meeting classes during the week so I’m enjoying the summer hiatus from lecturing, but still working at freelance indexing so the absolute laziness has to be confined to Sundays and Mondays through Thursdays are still busy.
This weekend schedule means that I try to do some planning and cooking on Thursday to have reheatable food on Friday and Sunday.
It’s a dish

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.473188
Retrieved Text: Buy a slow cooker for efficient and easy home cooking!
Why buy a slow cooker?
The easy - but slightly cooler - equivalent is to cook with a slow cooker. Slow cookery is quite simple and also quite eco-friendly if done right.
Here's a page about how to choose and buy a slow cooker, with a little bit about slow cookery - all from a green living perspective.
A slow cooker can be a great time and even money-saving device. If you have a busy lifestyle, you can spend just a few minutes loading up the slow cooker with goodies to eat later, secure in the knowledge that it will cook steadily for hours without the risk of crater-izing your food!
Slow cookery is really very simple and many recipes can be quickly adapted for use in a slow cooker.
From a green living perspective slow cookers have much to recommend them.
Yes, they use electricity but the wattage used is quite low and provided that you are not leaving them on for unnecessary hours, they can be reasonably frugal. Mine runs at 200 watts. As it saves on expensive bottled gas, in our household it's a boon. It also saves some in wasted food. When you are busy trying to do several things at once, it can be so easy to burn the dinner!
Of course, if you are lucky enough to get some or all your energy from renewable sources, the green credentials are even better.
It's hard to burn food in a slow cooker.
When you cook on top of the hob you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.380848
Retrieved Text: If you like to get creative in the kitchen, you probably don’t give much thought to how much power you’re using – not when there are more important things to measure. Well, just take a minute now to think about all the things going on in the kitchen when you’re cooking – the oven is heating, the stove top is probably bubbling away with one or two pots and you may even have the microwave, the kettle or the grill going as well.
When you add up all of that power used, every night of the week just to feed your family you’ll probably start wondering if there’s a better way. You don’t have to resort to takeaway food to tone down the power consumption in your kitchen, all you have to do is cook smarter and below are 24 ways you can save energy when you cook, and most of them won’t even cost you a grain of salt.
The same way you wouldn’t run your dishwasher or washing machine half full because it’s a waste of energy, so too should your oven be full when you use it. With more homes opting for a gourmet style kitchen you may even have a large freestanding stove which you use to cook just one tray of muffins or roast one chicken breast. Instead, think about what else you can fill your oven with – you may take something from the stove and cook it in the microwave instead, or maybe you can double or triple your recipe and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.343475
Retrieved Text: The next four countertop ovens reviewed here are less expensive than the premium ovens but very capable. Each of them has convection cooking modes and special features. These lower priced countertops range in price from low-$200 to $300.
One of the most innovative countertop manufacturers is Breville of Australia. Breville has repeatedly introduced quality countertop ovens and toaster ovens for many years. One of their newest standouts, reviewed here, is the Breville BOV845BSS. (To see it now on Amazon click here).
This quality oven has a lot of the same elements as the premium ovens do. It is 1,800 watts (like the Wolf Gourmet Countertop), stainless steel, tops out at 500 degrees Fahrenheit and has its own proprietary Element IQ™ smart technology system for setting modes, temperatures and times.
This oven also has an auto-eject feature that pulls out the middle rack when you open the oven and even has an oven light.
It is also smaller than the premium ovens.
The interior measures about 0.80 cubic feet if you measure just the oven “box”, but more like 0.45 cubic feet when you deduct for the oven racks and heating elements.
The Breville BOV845BSS has ten cooking modes, including specialty cooking modes like Pizza, Bagel, Cookies, Toast, Slow Cook and Reheat. Bake, Broil, Roast and Warm are also included.
Each mode uses the Element IQ™ system to optimize the five cooking elements in the oven for each mode. For instance, Pizza mode uses each element at full blast to make a crispy pizza. Slow Cook uses just a few of the elements at

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.198135
Retrieved Text: Instead of heavy, calorie-rich dishes topped with fatty cheese and crumbs, we turned to the slow cooker for hearty but healthy casseroles. While not every successful casserole follows the same hard-and-fast rules, there are a few general guidelines to keep in mind. Here’s what you should know.
Most slow cookers have a hotter side (typically the back side, opposite the side with the controls) that can cause dense casseroles like baked ziti to burn. To solve this problem we lined the slow-cooker insert with an aluminum foil collar. For recipes that we wanted to lift out of the insert intact, we first lined the slow cooker with a foil collar, then lined it completely with foil.
Fold sheets of heavy-duty aluminum foil until you have a six-layered foil rectangle that measures roughly 16 inches long by 4 inches wide. (Depending on the width of the foil, you will need either two or three sheets of foil.) Then press the collar into the back side of the slow-cooker insert; the food will help hold the collar in place during cooking.
Line the slow-cooker insert with a foil collar, then fit two large sheets of heavy-duty foil in the slow cooker, perpendicular to one another, with the extra foil hanging over the edges. Before serving, these overhanging edges can be used as handles to pull the food out of the slow cooker fully intact and transfer it to a platter for serving.
In the moist environment of a slow cooker, there is no opportunity to drive off moisture as there is in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.140236
Retrieved Text: I love to slow cook meat so when I was challenged to create a slow cooked recipe along the theme of peasant style cooking I could not wait to get going. I love one pot wonders. One pot meals are not only easy and convenient to make but are so full of flavour. All of the different flavours from the ingredients marry together to create a truly hearty meal.
So what is peasant food?
Peasant food is a style of cooking that really goes back to basics. Peasant style meals are cooked in one pot, using simple ingredients which are cooked long and low. These meals are perfect to fit in with busy family life. They are easy to prepare and can be left all day in the oven or slow cooker and will fill your house with fantastic aromas as it cooks to perfection. For slow cooked meals I use cheaper cuts of meat. But being cheaper cuts does not mean that the quality is any lower. To ensure that you are purchasing the best quality of meat simply keep an eye out for the trusty red tractor logo pictured below.
When you see the Red Tractor label on packets of meat you can be confident in the knowledge that the background of the meat has been quality checked and has met the highest standard.
For my peasant style dish I have used lamb shanks to create a heary stew. Packed with root vegetables, potatoes which are the cheapest vegetables to buy and finished off with rosemary dumplings. This

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.069605
Retrieved Text: If you have been reading Betsy’s blog, you will notice that she enjoys cooking, a lot. Part of her joy in cooking is how she can relax while putting together an amazingly great meal in an hour or so and escape from her high tech software career with pots, pans and knifes. For me, the joy of cooking comes from the thrill of slow cooking food, such as the the slow BBQ of ribs or a brisket in a Texas smoker for 4 to 10 hours. But this is a warm weather activity, so during the colder seasons, I combine slow cooking with my many years of experience in the lab. (Ask Betsy how she enjoyed the trips to the lab to check on my experiments in the “warm room”).
There is a cooking technique called Sous Vide, French for “under vacuum”. I will explain the reason for the name later. The goal of Sous Vide is to cook food to a thermodynamically stable state in contrast to a specific kinetic time point. I’ll bet you didn’t expect to run across these terms in Betsy’s cooking blog. So much for her inviting me to be a guest blogger.
What does this all mean? Normally, food is cooked for a certain amount of time to reach a final desired temperature; say, for a rare steak, cooking it for 15 minutes over a 500F fire to reach an internal temperature of 125F , or, maybe, roasting a chicken for 1 hour in a 350F oven to reach an internal temperature

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.9733
Retrieved Text: Slow braised beef short ribs in a rich gravy with mushrooms and herbs served with cheesy mash is the ultimate comfort food and perfect to make ahead.
There is just nothing better than a big pot filled with soft, unctuous short ribs braised in a rich red wine sauce flavored with herbs and mushrooms. Except maybe if the braised beef short ribs are served on the cheesiest mashed potatoes ever. This is definitely one of the most delicious meals you can make at home and is perfect for making ahead.
Braised beef short ribs work perfectly when braising low and slow in the oven but are equally good when cooked in a slow cooker or done in an Instant Pot/pressure cooker. I’ve tested this recipe all 3 ways and the end result is always delicious.
Oven-braising is my preferred method because the cooking liquid cooks down into a rich, reduced sauce. If using a pressure cooker, cook the beef short ribs until tender (around 30-35 minutes) then add the mushrooms and allow the sauce to simmer down for +-20 minutes. I would add the flour mixed with a little water or stock with the mushrooms to thicken as the flour can cause the Instant Pot/pressure cooker to burn at the bottom.
Brown beef short ribs in a large oven-proof pot on all sides. Remove then sauté onions, carrots and celery until soft and translucent. Add the garlic and herbs and cook for another minute then add flour to thicken (optional) the finished sauce. Add the short ribs back to the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.960514
Retrieved Text: Classic, durable, enameled cast iron with slow cooker convenience.
Entertain with the exceptional performance of a porcelain-enameled cast iron Dutch oven combined with the ease of a slow cooker. The Hamilton Beach® Party Crock™ is a multi-purpose dish that can be used on the included cooking base, your stovetop or oven. The 1.5 quart capacity is ideal for appetizers, fondue, sides or cooking for one or two.
The Party Crock™ is perfect for a buffet, but flexible and stylish enough to grace the dinner table. The cordless warming stand lets you serve at the table without a cumbersome cord – just use a tea light to keep your dish warm. Available in blue, yellow and red, these slow cookers add a classic style to the table while keeping your foods hot. Add a splash of color with one, or liven up the buffet with all three.
Get the superior cooking performance that only porcelain-enameled cast iron can provide. This small Dutch oven has exceptional heat distribution and retention, and the porcelain-enamel coating adds durability and flexibility.
The Party Crock™ makes it easy to prepare your favorite hot dips, appetizers, and side dishes before the party. The cast iron dish can be refrigerated, so food can be prepared a day ahead of time.
The electric cooking base brings slow-cooker convenience to party prep. Simply set the dish on the cooking base and let it do the work.
The enameled cast iron Dutch oven looks great on the buffet table – the classic design compliments any decorating style. And thanks to the warming stand,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.90618
Retrieved Text: - Always clean cooking surfaces before and after putting raw food on them. - Store fresh or frozen food in the fridge or freezer within two hours of purchase � sooner if the weather is hot.... - Always clean cooking surfaces before and after putting raw food on them. - Store fresh or frozen food in the fridge or freezer within two hours of purchase � sooner if the weather is hot.
23/03/2012�� Cook it well and I don't think there'll be a problem. I've cooked stuff past the use by date by 2 or 3 days. My friend told me a story about taking a beef stir fry �... If you want your roast or brisket to be fall apart tender, you must break the collagen down completely. Cook slow until internal temperature of meat is at least 195, then take off of the fire or oven.
The USDA has this to say on it: Storing Leftovers One of the most common causes of foodborne illness is improper cooling of cooked foods. Because bacteria are everywhere, even after food is cooked to a safe internal temperature, they can be reintroduced to the food and then reproduce.
19/02/2012�� I been cooking in restaurants for 10years and the 1 main rule u should follow, "if the meat was covered, unwrap it and let it breathe for half an hour cause meat swet and in most cases give of a horrible pong. After 30minutes if the pong still there DONT cook it.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.832373
Retrieved Text: Tramontina Dutch Oven Reviews and Buying Guide 2019. Tramontina Dutch oven is a vital piece for every kitchen. Tramontina dutch oven spread heat evenly and slowly. It comes with an attractive design. Its cast iron pot ensures your cooking success of perfect soups to sensational stews. It is the No#1 choice for every woman for her kitchen.
In this Tramontina Dutch Oven Reviews, we cover Informative and present market research data of tramontina Dutch oven. Finally, we will pick top rated best price tramontina Dutch oven reviews for our readers. So read the full Tramontina Dutch Oven Reviews and Buying Guide 2016 so that you get your desired best tramontina Dutch oven.
It is a traditional European style enameled cast iron cookware.
Superior heat retention due to heavy grade cast iron.
It comes with a comfortable size and weight.
Eco-friendly and healthy cookware PFOA free and PTFE free.
Attractive gradated porcelain enamel finished.
Slow cooking at heating the food uniformly.
Available in the attractive color.
Price: Quality product with cheap price.
Tramontina Enameled Cast Iron Covered Round Dutch Oven, 6.5-Quart, Gradated Cobalt comes with attractive design. It directs vapors onto food, producing moist and savory dishes. Excellent pot and easy to clean.
Porcelain enamel exterior offers contemporary styling.
Versatility shares the lid with Tramontina’s 10-inch cast-iron skillet.
Direct vapors onto food, producing humid and savory dishes.
Perfect size and shape as well as beautiful.
The handles on the pot also work well with oven mitts.
It cooks even and fantastic.
5.5 Quart Enameled cast-iron cover is a fantastic Dutch oven. It comes with the finest design. Materials, workmanship, outperforming of this oven is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.815372
Retrieved Text: (BeWellBuzz) We are always looking to discover new ways of making our life easier. Nothing wrong with that but what we often fail to understand is that – not all inventions are good for us. Microwave oven is one such invention that has been widely mistaken.
Are you one of those who feel lazy to use the stove and choose to heat your food in the microwave instead? If yes, then you may need to stop and think again before placing your life in the hands on this so called “harmless” man-made machine.
Microwave Oven – Not Really Harmless!
The first microwave oven was invented by Raytheon after the World War II. Back then, it didn’t seem like such an important invention for home use. A few years later, microwave ovens gained a lot of popularity for reheating previously-cooked foods and cooking vegetables. Over the last couple of decades, microwave ovens have become a necessity, and now you will rarely find a kitchen without a microwave!
Is the microwaved food really healthy? Here, are a few studies and results that indicate the truth about microwave heating of foods.
It has been found that cooking food in microwaves is an unhealthy and unnatural approach for preparing baby food. According to Young Families, the Minnesota Extension Service of the University of Minnesota published in 1989, milk bottle heated in microwaves may cause harm to the baby who drinks it. High milk temperature (often resulted due to overheating) could not only burn a baby’s mouth and throat, the steam all encapsulated in the bottle

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.802248
Retrieved Text: What is an Outdoor Dutch Oven?
An outdoor Dutch oven is a relatively deep cooking vessel, normally made of cast iron, which has a tight-fitting lid. It is designed to be used over a campfire, in an open fire pit or inside a fireplace. It can be footed or flat-bottomed, depending on when it was designed and its intended use.
Although stories of how the outdoor Dutch oven got its name vary, the general consensus is that it was first used in the 1700s. Settlers in the American Colonies as well as exploring mountain men and frontier cowboys are documented throughout history as being big fans of the outdoor Dutch oven. Some models were so well constructed that they are currently part of museum collections depicting this period of history.
Besides durability, the outdoor Dutch oven was popular for its versatility. Its design made it practical for roasting, stewing, baking and frying all types of food. One day it could be used to boil water and the next it could turn out a pan of cornbread.
The earliest version of the outdoor Dutch oven was quite deep and had a flat bottom that sat directly on the coals of a fire. This was soon modified to a shallower model with legs that kept the pot elevated an inch or so above the coals. To keep stray coals out of the food, a lip was added to the perimeter of the lid.
The outdoor Dutch oven model, commonly referred to as a chuck wagon, cowboy or camping style, has three legs instead

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.680431
Retrieved Text: I’m Gwen Outen with the VOA Special English Development Report.
Millions of people around the world cook their food over a smoky fire every day. It is often difficult to find wood for the fire. People who do not have wood must spend large amounts of money on cooking fuel. However, there is a much easier way to cook food using energy from the sun.
Solar cookers, or ovens, have been used for centuries. A Swiss scientist made the first solar oven in seventeen sixty-seven. Today, people are using solar cookers in many countries around the world. People use solar ovens to cook food and to heat drinking water to kill bacteria and other harmful organisms.
There are three kinds of solar ovens. The first is a box cooker. It is designed with a special wall that shines or reflects sunlight into the box. Heat gets trapped under a piece of glass or plastic covering the top of the cooker. A box oven is effective for slow cooking of large amounts of food.
The second kind of solar oven is a panel cooker. It includes several flat walls, or panels, that directly reflect the sun’s light onto the food. The food is inside a separate container of plastic or glass that traps heat energy. People can build panel cookers quickly and with very few supplies. They do not cost much. In Kenya, for example, panel cookers are being manufactured for just two dollars.
The third kind of solar oven is a parabolic cooker. It has rounded walls that aim sunlight directly

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.555918
Retrieved Text: Brilliant for larger kitchens, the dual-fuel 5-oven AGA Dual Control has cast-iron ovens which run on gas, put useful warmth into the room and cook using radiant heat meaning all the flavour, moisture and goodness is locked into food. The hotplates can be switched on and off as required.
The new Gas AGA Dual Control is everything you love about the AGA cooker, but with added flexibility and much reduced running and servicing costs.
The AGA Dual Control looks much like a traditional AGA cooker and - just like the traditional model - the cast-iron ovens are always available for use, creating that indefinable AGA warmth.
What's more, the two hotplates can be turned on and off independently. This means you can make a reduction in the overall heat input into the room from the cooker when desired and, in turn, reduce running costs.
Behind the top left hand door sits a small dial which operates either the boiling plate, the simmering plate or both. In each of the hotplates there is a powerful heating element. The boiling plate will be ready to use in around 12 minutes from cold. The simmering plate will be ready to use in around 10 minutes.
As with all previous heat-storage AGA cookers, the cast-iron ovens are indirectly heated from a single small heat source, the heat being conducted across to each oven in exactly the correct proportions to provide the different cooking temperatures for roasting, baking and simmering. This provides kind-to-food radiant heat which locks in moisture and goodness.
*Low heat setting does not apply

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.50815
Retrieved Text: When I think energy efficiency in the kitchen my first thought is appliances. But while the stainless steel splendors I lovingly stock with food are a great place to start, energy savings can also come from how you use them.
Cooking, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder. Sometimes I'm making lasagna or roasting a turkey, other times I'm sautéing vegetables, grilling steaks, or even nuking some left-overs. However you use your kitchen, these tips can save you time and money.
The first step to energy efficiency in your kitchen is to consider your appliances, and appliances with the ENERGY STAR® seal of approval are always the most energy efficient.
Convection ovens also make a difference. The heated air is continuously circulated which reduces cook times as well as the temperatures required. On average you'll use 20% less energy a month running your convection oven, as compared to a standard oven.
Self-cleaning ovens are more energy efficient because they have better insulation. If you have a self-cleaning oven, run its self-cleaning cycle only once a month, and always after you've used the oven. You'll use less energy because the oven will start out hotter.
Slow cookers also use significantly less energy than a stovetop for when you're preparing soups or stews that could take hours to cook. And not running that second refrigerator or freezer can save you $300-$700 in the next 5 years. Properly recycling old refrigerators and freezers can also prevent 5,500 to 20,000 pounds of greenhouse gas emissions.
Flat bottomed cookware allows for more contact with heating

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.478708
Retrieved Text: Benefits of calling in a professional.
A full clean of your oven to professional standard is not done in 30 minutes. Oxon Oven Cleaning will usually clean a single oven in 1 hour 30 minutes and if you have a range oven or larger this could be 4 hours at least. If a non-professional was to attempt a full clean it could take even longer and could cause damage due to a lack of knowledge. Calling in a professional will save you the time and trouble and mean you can put that time to better use with family or friends.
Cleaning an oven as part of the house hold routine is up there with one of the most hated ones we have to do. Its time consuming, dirty and you can never get the oven as clean as you would like. Most of us wish to spend our time with friends and family and not inhaling cleaning fumes.
Wiping out the oven and cleaning up spills once we have used the oven will mean the time between a more thorough clean will be reduced. Calling in a professional to tackle this tedious and gruelling task can be worth it in so many ways. Here are a few reason why having your oven cleaned professionally will benefit you in the long run.
Having a clean oven can save you money by allowing your oven to work properly. It will heat up quicker and cook your food evenly, because it’s not trying to burn through fat on the elements, as an example.
Having

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.465097
Retrieved Text: Measurements – Handle-to-handle: 14 inches. Rim-to-rim: 11 inches. Cooking surface (base): 10 inches. Depth: 3 inches. Unique, design cast-iron shallow dutch oven/braiser/casserole with added functionality, ease-of-use, and beautiful cream interior with cherry glaze. Great for braises, shallow slow-cooking, casseroles – any recipe that begins with searing/browning/braising and continues in the oven! In addition to cast iron’s superior heat retention and even heat distribution properties, Essenso’s 3-layer enameled cast iron braiser doesn’t require seasoning, its impermeable surface can be used with acidic foods and wine, and it’s resistant to cracking and rusting. Easily tolerates up to 500F in the oven. Can be used with induction. Smooth surface is more user friendly with glass stoves than traditional cast iron cookware. Enamel and ceramic coating allow for good food release properties when lightly lined with cooking oil and used on medium-low heat. Promotes easier to clean, healthier, residue-free cast-iron cooking. PTFE-free, natural, healthy. If preheated on low-medium heat, cast iron doesn’t require higher heats that lead to food sticking and burning. Lid features moisture marks that lock in flavor and moisture to tenderize meats and prevent drying. A beautiful piece to present on the table straight out of the oven or off the stove. Cast iron heat retaining properties will keep food hot on the table. Great for mac and cheese, lasagne, risotto, rice, applesauce, baked beans and searing meats before continued cooking in the oven. With its large cooking surface and cast iron’s even heat distribution properties, this pan works great for frying, poaching and sautéing recipes as

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.431576
Retrieved Text: To bake something means to cook food by surrounding it with steady, hot air, typically in an oven. In baking, only the bottom burner turns on. This burner generates heat that is then circulated all around the oven to ensure that the outside layer of the food turns golden brown and the inside is cooked evenly. This also means that there is minimal infrared radiation that can burn the top of the food.
Baking requires an oven-safe container such as a baking pan or a baking sheet (can be glass, silicone, or metal), although some types of food can be placed directly on the oven rack (e.g. pizza). Depending on what you are baking, the temperature needed to bake food can vary from 170 °F to 500 °F and the required time can be anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours. Using a food thermometer or using other techniques (e.g. poking cupcakes with a toothpick) will help you know if the food is finished or not.
Baking is a great alternative to other methods of cooking as it does not require adding oil or butter; however, baking has the tendency to diminish the nutritional value of some foods. Prolonged exposure to heat can reduce the water and vitamin content of meats, vegetables, and cereal-based dishes. This is why some types of meat turn bland and dry when they are left in the oven for too long.
Examples of foods that are baked are fish, poultry, meat, cakes, breads, pies, biscuits, tarts, cookies, and other pastries.
To broil something

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.423265
Retrieved Text: At the heart of any professional kitchen is the commercial oven, yet it can be difficult to select the most suitable one for your kitchen. We have put together a guide to help you decide which is the best for your business before you make your investment.
This oven has a big enough cavity to cook desserts, pastries, and meats with built-in-griddles, inductions hobs, and solid tops. Thanks to its dual functionality, numerous dishes can be cooked at once.
A smaller alternative to a full oven range, the convection oven consists of an internal fan that distributes heat evenly throughout the cavity, leading to shorter cooking times (up to 25 percent) and less meat shrinkage.
Coming in a range of sizes, a combination oven is perhaps the most sophisticated and advanced appliance in a commercial kitchen, using convection, steam or both. It is a very flexible appliance that can be used to bake, fry, stew, braise, and steam. Excellent options can be found at commercial catering suppliers such as 247cateringsupplies.co.uk.
The steam oven is fantastic for preventing food shrinkage, retaining flavour and keeping nutrients. However, it will not crisp or brown foods, so to finish off a dish, a Salamander Grill can be used. You can learn more about the health benefits of steamed food at Livestrong.
If you are seeking to cook large volumes of food with ease, the conveyor oven is ideal. This appliance is usually found in food halls or takeaways, and it’s capable of cooking foods such as pizzas, pies, and burritos.
A unique appliance that can be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.369337
Retrieved Text: The microwave oven is somewhat a metaphor for today’s fast paced world, with some homes replacing the conventional oven and stove-top for preparing meals. But just how safe is this kitchen appliance?
It is a well known fact that microwaves use radiation as do mobile phones, which have now been given the official OK to use close to your head on a regular basis. Does that then apply to the microwave as well? We know that you should never reheat baby’s milk in the microwave as it kills all the goodness, so do all our other foods suffer the same consequence? Microwaves don’t work different ways on different substances. Radiation ‘is to spread energy with electrometric waves’, so it agitates the molecules to move faster and faster. This movement causes friction which denatures the original make-up of whatever is being heated. It results in destroyed vitamins, minerals, proteins and generates new stuff called radiolytic compounds, things that are not found in nature.
Microwave radiation is a very serious concern that many people will overlook in order to maintain their busy parent schedules. They cause a variety of health problems in the human body. Regularly eating microwaved foods may cause an increase in cancerous cells in human blood. The radiation dangers involved with microwaved food may cause decreased immune system function and even mental danger causing memory loss, emotional problems, and a decrease in intelligence.
Dr Lita Lee’s book, Health Effects of Microwave Radiation – Microwave Ovens, states that ‘every microwave oven leaks electro-magnetic radiation, harms food, and converts substances

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.361597
Retrieved Text: When your oven is smoking, it is very easy to panic–after all, a fire in the kitchen is a situation most of us want to avoid at all costs! Not only that, but smoke billowing out of the oven is pungent and difficult to dispel even with open windows and other ventilation. There are several reasons why your oven may be smoking. This troubleshooting guide can help you locate, isolate, and resolve the issue.
WARNING: To prevent the risk of burns and electrocution, disconnect your oven from the power and allow it to cool before investigating.
If you suspect there’s a risk of fire in addition to the smoke, please call your local emergency response agencies. If you’re unable to find the cause of why your oven is smoking, give us a call at It Is Fixed Appliance Repair for a quick, thorough evaluation.
Over time, food pieces and particles can accumulate inside the oven cavity. When you heat the oven to cook a new meal, the food debris may smolder or even burn, creating an unpleasant smoke that wafts from your oven interior. Regularly cleaning your oven will help to reduce the build-up of food particles. Ovens with a Self-Cleaning feature will reduce food pieces to ash. Afterward, you can wipe them out of your oven cavity with a damp cloth. Please read our Oven Maintenance Guide before using the Self-Cleaning feature on your oven for important safety information.
Like food particles, grease is one of the most common causes of an oven smoking, especially after many years of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.31767
Retrieved Text: A soufflé cooked in a hot oven will rise quickly and fall quickly once it leaves the oven — don't worry about it.
If baked in a bain-marie (water bath to gently cook food or keep it warm) in a medium oven, the soufflé will take longer to cook and will not collapse as quickly.
If you wish to slow the cooking time, reduce the oven heat to 250 degrees F and bake for an extra 20 minutes. To speed cooking, increase the heat to 450 degrees F and bake for 10 minutes less.
Beat egg whites in a clean metal bowl (copper works especially well) with a balloon whisk or an electric beater, just until shiny peaks begin to form. Don`t overbeat or the soufflé will not rise to its full height.
An ovenproof soufflé dish that is circular, straight-sided and glazed will produce the best results.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.217821
Retrieved Text: This model features a large Multifunction Main Oven, large Fanned Oven, smaller Conventional Oven and a dedicated Slow Cook Oven.
Control and adjust cooking times without having to be in the kitchen. Using Bluetooth® technology, the Zeus™ free downloadable app lets you use your smartphone or tablet to control the timer on your oven, save your favourites and automatically update your clock. With Zeus™ you can set the cooking duration and end time, keep an eye on your timer and adjust it without having to be in the kitchen.
Healthy cooking quickly, optimising an even cook and fuller flavour every time. Steam + Infuse adds moisture and flavour to your dish turning every meal into a masterpiece. Simply adding water, stock or infused spices to the pot serves to steam from the inside, optimising the taste and texture of your food. All this flavour fast, with an average reduction in cooking time of 20%*. Also comes with an accessory for making kebabs.
The Stoves multifunction oven allows you to select from 11 different cooking functions and our Equiflow™ Technology provides excellent heat distribution, so you`ll always get the best results, whatever you`re making.

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is used to preserve food?" and the following answer choices: 
- salt
 - Energy
 - oven
 - fats
 - sugar
 - sodium
 - marine
 - bamboo

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and food is then dehydrated in slow oven or dehydrator, choose the best answer.

Target Text: oven

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.991297
Retrieved Text: 1. Why Tyffyn and not another lunchbox?
Tyffyn is the most advanced thermally-insulated lunchbox in the world. It was engineered using state-of-the-art technology to ensure that your food stays the way you like it, hot or cold, for longer. It was also designed to prevent spills and for easy portability. For more information, please click here.
2. What is my Tyffyn made of?
Tyffyn is made of the highest-quality, food-grade stainless steel. The food containers are coated on the outside with a non-toxic copper finish. The lids are made of durable, shatterproof FDA-approved BPA-free plastic.
Our materials are also compliant with the most current European standard: RoHS and SVHC.
3. Is the “Wool” style made of actual wool material? Is the “Maple” style made of actual wood material?
No, all styles are made of food-grade stainless steel, with a painted finish or with graphics printed on the outside.
4. How do I open my Tyffyn?
5. Can I place my Tyffyn horizontally?
For maximum safety and optimal leak resistance, always keep your Tyffyn standing upright.
6. What can I carry in my Tyffyn?
Tyffyn was designed to keep your food hot or cold, depending on your needs. It was not designed to carry both hot and cold food at the same time.
Tyffyn is especially well suited for moist, dense, and hot food, such as stews, rice, minestrone and other soups, mashed potatoes, lasagna and other baked pasta, ratatouille, dumplings, etc.
Tyffyn is also suitable for cold food, such as salad, cold tofu, yogurt, ice cream, fruit, cheese, cold noodles, gazpacho, potato salad, rice salad, cole slaw, deviled eggs,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.683613
Retrieved Text: A vacuum sealer is one of the most popular type of kitchen device used today because of the features and its importance. Whether one is looking to preserve food or store it for the long haul, a vacuum sealer comes in handy. Before buying any food saver, it’s essential to know what features to look for and ways to maintain it. VacuumSealerLand.com has great advice and reviews of latest vacuum sealers to help you make the right choice.
If stuck on whether to invest in a vacuum sealer, here are some several reasons to convince you.
Food preservation doesn’t begin with left-overs on the table. Buying in bulk is not only cheaper, it also reduces your trips to the local farmers market. Moreover, one can still preserve the freshness of their supplies by placing their produce in a vacuum sealer. What’s more, one can protect their perishable food from freezer burn by vacuum sealing.
Freezing some foods can take away their flavor and taste. Using a vacuum sealer ensures that you get to enjoy the taste of the favorite foods two months later. For individuals who’d rather freeze their food, place it first in a food saver and refrigerate it later to preserve the taste.
This is one of the creative and interesting ways to use a vacuum sealer. You don’t have to spend money on quality steak when you can enjoy dry aged beef at home. Seal your beef for some time and enjoy the flavorful taste and texture of quality beef.
Busy career people do not have time to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.400955
Retrieved Text: The days are getting shorter and autumn is moving in. Yet in our gardens and at our local farmers’ markets, we have an abundance of fresh produce. Did you know that you can preserve many of your favorite foods in olive oil and enjoy a bit of summer through the fall and winter?
For centuries, people have sought ways to preserve their food and reap the benefits of the harvest all year long. In many of the countries around the Mediterranean, one of the most natural ways to preserve food was, and still is, with olive oil. Olive oil can be used to preserve vegetables, meats, fish, cheese and herbs. My Italian family is especially adept at preserving sott'olio (meaning “under the oil”); my French friends remind me that the recipes are really à l’huile and in Spanish, the recipes are en aceite de oliva.
Why preserve in olive oil?
Olive oil is a natural preservative that prevents spoilage by isolating the food from air, providing a seal that can delay oxidation, deterioration and molding.
In the days before refrigeration, the summer months were perhaps the busiest time of year as people spent hours filling canning jars to preserve and store the summer’s bounty. Even today, many people enjoy canning their own fruits and vegetables, not only to preserve the fresh, home-grown taste, but also as a money-saving way to enjoy the best of the garden all year round. While there may be less need to preserve your own food, given the modern conveniences such as refrigeration, commercial cold storage,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.329706
Retrieved Text: The food industry is constantly innovating to find clean label alternatives for food protection, allowing the removal of commonly used chemical preservatives from their products, such as sorbic acid, calcium propionate and sodium nitrite while still maintaining the functionality of those ingredients. The challenges that must be overcome when removing or replacing ingredients are substantial to maintain the safety, quality, and functionality of the finished product. Fermentation is a centuries-old method of food preservation that can be used to fulfill this need.
Since the discovery by Louis Pasteur that microorganisms play a role in the fermentation process, a new field of research was initiated to help us understand the relationship between microorganisms and food. Researchers now have a broad knowledge of food fermentation and compounds produced by bacteria, yeast or fungi and why those fermentation products have a preservation effect. This knowledge has enabled the development of safe, clean label fermentation-derived food ingredients which can provide the same enhancement to shelf-life when added to non-fermented foods. These fermentation-derived food ingredients are produced by providing a carbohydrate rich food substrate such as sugar or milk to bacteria commonly found in food products. When culturing under optimal conditions, the natural compounds that enhance the fresh keeping of food are intentionally produced. After the cultures have consumed the carbohydrate source and the fermentation is complete, the culture is typically pasteurized to eliminate the microorganisms from the blend. The product can be evaporated, concentrated and standardized prior to use by food manufacturers. Fermentation products can then be used for colour, texture,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.324856
Retrieved Text: Occasionally, I rant about how much I despise canning foods… it’s always been a pain, in my opinion, and quite messy. That said, I know it can be a great way to put a lot of food if you’re willing to do so, and I’m just not THAT willing, lol.
Fortunately, there are plenty of other ways to stockpile food without refrigeration or canning, and the following article discusses three of them: fermentation, dry curing (meats), and dehydrating.
Personally, I’ve gotten into fermentation in the past few years and, for the most part, it’s really easy to do. I’ve only done a bit of curing and I used to do a lot of dehydrating, though, I’ve slowed on that once I really discovered freeze-dried foods.
Regardless, they’ll all great ways to preserve many healthy foods for the long term and I would strongly encourage you to try you hand at one or more of these methods if you’ve never done so.
“Canned food is so prevalent today that it’s hard to imagine life without it. When you have extra produce that you want to preserve, most people will tell you to can it.
But, what happens when you don’t have the equipment you need for proper canning? What if you run out of flat lids and can’t go to the store for more? Or if you can’t start a fire and keep it going long enough to properly heat and process your jars?
Depending on what happens, canning extra food may not always be possible. You need some alternatives.
Canning was thought to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.755596
Retrieved Text: (NewsUSA) – Sometimes it’s the smallest ingredient in a meal that makes it stand out — the briny bite of pickle on a sandwich, perfectly light, melt-in-your-mouth pancakes or freshly cracked pepper atop fluffy scrambled eggs. The hallmarks of all these favorites are simple but essential ingredients: vinegar, baking soda and spices.
Not only are these food additives the secret ingredients in some of our favorite dishes, they’re the motivation of some pretty awesome culinary, cultural and global advancements.
In their earliest form, food additives were used to preserve food. Techniques like salting and smoking helped early cultures protect and extend their food supplies through lean times. Communities all over the world used regional spices to further preserve and enhance their foods — the dawn of foodies. The pursuit of spices is even credited with promoting world exploration — Columbus discovered the Americas while looking for new trade routes to access India for its spices.
Today, food additives have advanced well beyond their early rudimentary uses. We still use salt and vinegar to preserve food, but we’re now able to use food additives to enrich and fortify our foods and drinks as well. Vitamins added to milk enhance its healthiness. Probiotics added to yogurts aid in digestion. Natural colors added to whole grain cereals make them fun and appealing.
Chefs involved in the modern cuisine movement use food additives to make surprising and inventive new foods that puzzle and delight eaters — think “caviar” made out of fruit juice, or powdered bacon. These applications use more impressive-sounding additives than simple

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.654783
Retrieved Text: Both the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the EPA regulate uses of bleach. When hypochlorite bleach is used to wash or peel fruits and vegetables, it is a food additive regulated solely by FDA. When it is used to sanitize (e.g., water, surfaces or equipment in contact with food), it is a pesticide that must be registered with EPA. Calcium and sodium hypochlorite are both FDA-approved food additives and EPA-registered pesticides. Unlike food additives, the safety of pesticides used in food must be reassessed periodically through what is called registration review. EPA’s review must consider exposures from all uses.
With perchlorate in food increasing to levels that may cause irreversible harm to brain development in young children, EPA’s review is a welcome opportunity to reduce exposure. But the process will likely take years to complete. In the meantime, food manufacturers using hypochlorite bleach should take action now using the available common sense recommendations to preserve the effectiveness of the bleach and prevent its degradation into perchlorate.
This entry was posted in Drinking Water, Emerging Science, FDA, Food, perchlorate, Regulation and tagged Bleach, chlorate, degradation, food additive, hypochlorite, perchlorate, pesticide. Bookmark the permalink. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.654032
Retrieved Text: It’s the middle of the summer, and the garden is producing loads of fruits and vegetables. Are you taking advantage of this and preserving some for later in the year when fresh food is hard to come by? You need to know how to preserve fruits and vegetables so you can stretch your harvest for months to come.
It’s so sad that today less and less people are preserving their harvest. We’ve gotten used to fast everything and it’s a shame.
Farmer’s markers are full of goodies. Neighbors are giving away extra produce because they are sick and tired of eating the same veggies over and over. But you are smarter than that, right? Here are 5 ways to preserve your harvest.
Freezing garden vegetables and fruits is my favorite way of preserving the harvest. It’s fast and it preserves the nutrients the best.
The only disadvantage to freezing food is that you’re limited by the amount of room you have in your freezer. Of course, if you’re serious about preserving your hard worked harvest, you might just invest in a second freezer, like many of us do.
You can freeze produce straight from the garden to use in dishes later, or you can actually make freezer friendly meals and freeze those for easy dinners during the holidays or other busy times.
Freezing is also a great way to preserve summer fruits that only last a short time once picked: blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, etc.
While it takes a bit longer to preserve food this way, canning is one of the most versatile

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.637695
Retrieved Text: The preservation of food can be traced well into prehistory and has played a pivotal role in the evolution of mankind. It has helped man take to the high seas, from ancient times to the discovery of the new world. Primarily, it was used so that man could maintain a reserve of food supplies out of season, and in times of drought and other natural phenomenon.
It was, and still is, a way for armies to move. Today, food is preserved industrially, whereas in the past, it was predominantly preserved in the home. Preservation of food has permeated every culture throughout history. Ancient man had to harness the power of nature to preserve their food according to the climate. In geographical areas where it was cold and icy half of the year, this became a way to freeze meat, whereas in hotter climates, drying food was the preferred method. Ancient Chinese, Greeks and Romans also found ways to cool their food by storing it in mountain snow, in cellars or icehouses.
In ancient times, the drying of food using the sun and the wind was the most natural way to preserve. Evidence of this has been found in digs in the Middle East dating back to at least 12,000 BC. Dried fruits were particularly popular with ancient Greeks and Romans. In the Middle Ages, purpose-built ‘still houses’ were created to dry fruit, vegetables and herbs in areas that did not have strong sunlight for drying. A fire was used to create the heat needed to dry produce, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.411652
Retrieved Text: In this modern days, food is not as simple as it was in the past. Most of the foods are processed and artificial chemicals (food additives) are being used that will enhance the taste of the product, its shelf life or its appearance. So, do you really know what is in the food you are eating only by looking at it?
There are many health promises on your food packaging (such as 0 grams saturated fat or 100% natural) that will make you believe you are eating ‘’right’’. According to Joan Salge Blake (professor of nutrition at Boston University) – “There’s so much information on products that it can be challenging for the average consumer to figure out what it all means”.
The products on the market contain ‘’hidden’’ ingredients. A perfect example is food additives. Most of us heard of them but do we actually know what they mean? Or how they might affect our health?
When we decide to leave a healthy lifestyle, we are making an effort to educate ourselves about different types of food additives (reading about risks and benefits), as we are seeking to minimize the daily exposure to pollutants or toxins.
What are actually food additives?
These are substances that manufacturers add to foods for different reasons such as to preserve flavor, or to keep the food fresher for longer or to enhance taste, texture, and appearance of the food.
Not all food additives are bad because some are actually natural compounds (such as vinegar that is usually used for pickling; salt usually used to preserve

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.172426
Retrieved Text: Private Preserve™ wine preserver is as important to a great glass of wine as the corkscrew. Private Preserve™ is number one in the world when it comes to keeping open bottles of wine fresh. This wine preserver uses inert gas to remove oxygen from wine bottles to prevent further oxidation, keeping open wines at their freshest… and it's easy to use.
Private Preserve is a simple way to slow the natural aging process and keep wines fresher longer. Air flows into a bottle when you pop the cork. Simply reinserting the cork will prevent a continuous flow of oxygen from entering the bottle and thus slow the oxidation of the contents. But the oxygen already inside will be enough to age the contents unless you spray in some Private Preserve.
PRIVATE PRESERVE replaces the air in a bottle with a balanced mixture of three gases* we naturally breathe. Private Preserve differs from fresh air because of what it lacks, oxygen and impurities.
Similar to how low temperatures keep food fresh longer in refrigerators, pumping Private Preserve into a bottle results in low oxygen levels and so keeps whatever is in the bottle fresh longer.
HOW WE USE PRIVATE PRESERVE - There are no rules. But, here are some ideas.
1. We always like to have a can of Private Preserve handy.
2. We generally spray in a few shots of Private Preserve after the first pour.
3. We do not decide if we will “finish the bottle” until we pour the last glass. We may drink only one glass and save the rest

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.151676
Retrieved Text: Last winter I paid $10.00 for a bag of frozen blueberries. Because I did not get my kids and myself to the blueberry patch last summer, I had to pay ten dollars for berries! At the local patch where I usually pick, the blueberries are $1.10 per pound. A pound of blueberries is approximately a quart. I encourage everyone to get to your local growers this spring and summer to pick to your hearts content.
Try to harvest and preserve enough for one year. Blueberries are so easy to preserve. You pick the blueberries. You rinse the berries in cold water. You bag them in quart freezer bags and put them in the freezer.
In our area you can pick by yourself: blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, apples, cherries, and pumpkins. Explore what is available in your area and then bring in the harvest. Preserve the food and then give yourself a pat on the back for being prepared!!
Officially canning season begins on August 15, but there is much to harvest right now. Strawberries are finished unless they are everbearing, but the harvest continues. Cherries, black raspberries, red raspberries are being harvested right now. Blackberries and blueberries are ripening as well.
When picking berries always use a hard container such as a bowl or plastic container. Summer is a great time to reuse and recycle. When you go berry picking use an clean, used yogurt container or cottage cheese container. Give the little ones one of these free containers and hold the bucket yourself. You can take a clean bucket and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.105705
Retrieved Text: I have always felt like I am pretty knowledgeable when it comes to food, but I recently learned about preservatives and discovered I’d been giving them an unfairly bad rap. I didn’t know what benefits they provide – but now I do, thanks to a Q&A from ConAgra.
Why should we preserve our food?
How can we preserve our food?
Antioxidants help prevent oxygen from damaging other molecules. Antioxidants function in the body to help protect cells, and they function in foods to protect oils from damage that leads to rancidity.
Be sure and take a minute to check out this video – it’ll give you great insight into what keeps our food fresh.
What do you think the most common misconception is among consumers regarding preservatives in foods?
A misconception I most commonly see is that preservatives are unnecessary and harmful to your health. When in fact, preservatives such as antioxidants are really necessary to reduce off-taste and odors in foods caused by breakdown of cells, fats and oils.
What are the trends we are seeing with consumers and their concerns about the ingredients in their food? Are these valid concerns? Why or why not?
Concern over the food we provide to our families is always valid so I want to make that point initially. And I applaud all the ladies on the phone for looking at this and considering it. I think it’s very important for us; however, I do see a lot of misinformation out there regarding food ingredients in the media, and I’m concerned that the public isn’t aware of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.071033
Retrieved Text: Anchovies are a very important part of the flavor of Italian food. However, many people, even fans of Italian food claim to not like anchovies. Some people have bad memories of smelly little fish on pizza that have forever tainted their view of Italian food that includes anchovies. Unbeknownst to many of these people is the fact that anchovies are widely used in Italian food and it's likely that some of their favorite Italian food dishes are made with anchovies. These small and often misunderstood fish are used extensively in Italian food and there comes a point when it is impossible to enjoy Italian food without running into these little guys. Anchovies are a small saltwater fish.
They are only about three inches long but pack quite a flavor. There are six different species of anchovies that are used in Italian food. From April to September is the Sicilian anchovy season and these species are lighter in flavor than the Spanish anchovies that make up a bulk of the anchovies used in Italian food. Anchovies must quickly be preserved in order to keep the flavor that is wanted for Italian food intact. The most traditional way to preserve anchovies is packed in salt.
This is the best way to guarantee an authentic Italian food flavor. Soon after the fish are caught they are cleaned and washed in salt brine and then set out to dry. The fish are then layered in round tins with sea salt in between each layer. The tins are then left to season for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.988094
Retrieved Text: The Op-Ed piece concludes with the same argument I learned in high school economics; we should “grow lettuce, oranges, wheat, peppers, bananas, whatever, in the places where they grow best and with the most efficient technologies — and then pay the relatively tiny energy cost to get them to market, as we do with every other commodity in the economy.” This is his rationale for being wary of the terms “food-miles” and “sustainability” – which are rapidly joining “organic”, “natural”, and “free-range” as words that connote gold and denote tin.
He gives very convincing evidence that the energy used in transporting grapes from Chile can be less than the energy used for the extra freezer your family buys to freeze your local rhubarb. But his fallacy is assuming that we need, as a nation of Americans, to be eating those grapes in March.
When I managed the Westside Farmers’ Market, I overhead many customers ask the farmers whether they had lettuce to sell in August. Tomatoes are ripe in Michigan Augusts – lettuce is long gone.
Bananas on our breakfast cereal, apple pie in May, watermelon for the 4th of July picnic, orange juice and coffee in the mornings, chocolate for Valentines Day, lettuce with tomatoes for BLTs in March ~ many food pairings in our American culture assume cheap oil, willing trading partners, and organized large-scale transportation.
You only throw away that which you do not value. The NIH study tells us that Americans are a spoiled nation when it comes to food. There are 6.8 billion people in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.81231
Retrieved Text: Fill Your Pantry With Your Own Homegrown Food!
Are you familiar with the six potentially deadly canning sins?
Do you know how to replace a gasket for an old but tried-and-true pressure canner?
Could you use some shortcuts to finish freezing food faster?
Would you like to know the canning advice that Kerr® and Ball® don’t tell you?
… you should read this FREE guide, What is Food Preservation? How to Can Food, How to Dehydrate Food, How to Freeze Dry, and Pickling Food Preservation from Apples to Zucchini.
What is food preservation? It’s more than just canning!
As your grocery bill keeps climbing and additives continue to affect your health and the taste of your food, one of the best things you can do for yourself and your family is to learn how to preserve food.
And even if you’ve been canning for years, there’s still a lot left to learn, if only because old methods have gotten out of date, and new methods can save you time and money.
You don’t even have to grow the food you want to preserve, because it’s still a huge savings to buy food in bulk and preserve it for later – though once you’ve read this FREE guide and found out how much fun it can be, you may find yourself starting or enlarging a garden, just to have more produce to preserve!
It’s true: The freshest, ripest, tastiest, most-nutritious food comes from your own garden or from local farmers. Of course, this delicious produce is only available fresh for a few weeks or months every year.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.794779
Retrieved Text: As a result of its transparency, it is normally used together with another type of paper. A parchment paper is a particular type of paper used in cooking for its non-sticky quality. It is one of the most versatile materials there is. The paper is not only much thinner, but also, in most cases, has many excellent colors and even patterns. Selecting the most suitable paper is quite important, since the last aspect of the wedding invitations depends on the treatment you have selected. The paper is not too heavy and the texture of the paper is such that it is possible to print without discomfort. Vellum paper, on the other side, is a much thinner variety of it.
When dry ice is used to preserve food, it is essential that dry ice is not handled by hand, as it can cause severe burns. A person can make the most of dry ice in the summers to preserve food, provided there is a temporary or long-term power cut, as it is a standard feature in summers. A small amount of dry ice should be placed on the top shelf of the freezer, so that the frozen foods remain intact for approximately four days. When placed in food products, it should be covered in a newspaper or towel. Using dry ice is easily the most frequent type of modified method to preserve food. It should be kept on the lowest shelf in the refrigerator to preserve food.
The oven should be preheated to 325F. Therefore, it is best to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.632801
Retrieved Text: A jar of bell peppers is a perishable food item.
A jar of bell peppers is used to preserve bell peppers longer than their standard 5 days of freshness. Bell peppers cannot be eaten directly from the jar, therefore the jar must first be opened, returning the bell peppers, with their usual freshness.
Bell peppers can be pickled to preserve their lifespan by using sugar and vinegar.
This page was last edited on 20 August 2018, at 11:23.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.61862
Retrieved Text: What is Dill Seed Powder?
Dill, scientifically known as Anethum graveolens, has been used for hundreds of years. Both the seeds and the leaves can be used. Apart from giving a strong, tangy, appetizing flavor and taste, it has many beneficial properties. Dill is widely grown in Eurasia where its leaves and seeds are used as a herb or spice for flavouring food.
DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder contains pure, raw and dried Dill Seed powder. The seeds are carefully dried to preserve their natural aroma, freshness and good qualities. It is made with finest Dill Seeds, free from any additives or fillers and suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder is available in pack size of 100g (3.5oz) glass bottle and 500g (1.1lb) and 1Kg (2.2lb) stand-up pouches. It is carefully packed in recyclable, food-grade packaging to maintain its natural aroma and freshness.
Who is Dill Seed Powder suitable for?
Dill Seed Powder is suitable for those looking to integrate Devdaru herb as a daily supplement to their diet. DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder is particularly suited to vegans and vegetarians.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.615421
Retrieved Text: Support us to fight food waste!
In this day and age capitalism, globalization and commercialization are getting more and more known for its wastage. The amount of wasted food has grown over the last few decades, people also have 800 million people without access to healthy food. Not only is this a moral problem, but food waste is a homogeneous problem that has severe environmental and economic costs such as land degradation, climate change, the irresponsible use of fresh water, natural resources and fossil fuel energy etc. Research concluded that households are the biggest contributors in food waste in high-income countries. People are not aware how much they throw and what the consequences are.
Considering this, our goal is to tackle food waste in households, since they are the biggest contributors. We focus on reducing the waste of vegetables and fruits. As a result, we came up with a simple and effortless fermentation kit. Through our product, we would like to introduce fermentation to households as a clean method to preserve fruits and vegetables. Fermentation has been widely used to preserve food in many cultures because it is an easy and simple storage method. With our fermentation kit, you can ferment your leftover fruits and vegetables at home easily.
FRMNT is a start-up that aims to reduce wasted fruits and vegetables in households. We design a handy kit for fermentation - the 'Weck-Kit. The kit is a combination of three jars, a wooden spoon, three starter recipes and fermentation guidelines. All you need is some leftover fruits and vegetables

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.60844
Retrieved Text: 10 Cooking Terms to know.
Clarify- A process of removing impurities from a liquid. It usually accomplished by skimming the surface of the liquid as it is heated.
Deglaze- The process of loosening, reducing and dissolving the reside remaining in the pan after meat has been sauteed.
Dot- The process involving the placement of small bit or pieces of food over and around food.
Giblets- The edible inside of poultry that includes the organs.
Gluten- A protein found in wheat,oats, rye, and barley.
Herbs du Provence- A seasoning blind that is used to season meat, poultry or vegetable. No solid rule on what specific herbs to use in mixture.
Infusion- A process that involves the soaking of a substance in hot liquid to extract the flavor.
Parboil- Cooking food in boiling water for only a short amount of time to retain the color, to help preserve nutrients.
Pinch-1/16 of a teaspoon or a dash.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.603228
Retrieved Text: The Making of a "Billionaire"
This is tiny glimpse of what goes into sourcing and prepping the fruit for our premium jams, jellies, and preserves. Here we have used our most popular preserve "Billionaire" to illustrate our common practices.
During each fruits' growing season, we are always searching the countryside of Ohio looking for small farms with the goals and growing practices that align with our beliefs in sustainable farming. Many of the farms we source from also use organic growing practices. This point is very important to us as we feel it is very important to keep the inputs in our food system to a minimum. This is not only for the health of the land but more importantly the health of those who enjoy our offerings. Our dedication to this part of the process not only assures that we are able to provide a superior product to our customers but also helps to support a sustainable local food system.
The secret to the intense flavor in our offerings is in the quality and condition of the ingredients we source. We are dedicated to sourcing the best Ohio has to offer. When choosing our fruit, we use all our senses, not just taste, but how appealing the fruit looks, how it feels in the hand, and the aroma.
After we source our fruit at the peak of ripeness, we bring it home and give it a gentle cleaning with water and organic apple cider vinegar and then an additional water-only bath in order to separate any remaining material from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.508356
Retrieved Text: Pumpkins and Squash for 'Winter' meals!
When storing seeds for many years keep them dry and cool. Suzanne Ashworth's book confirms what we have been doing for many years. "The two greatest enemies of stored seeds are high temperature and high moisture."1 and "Home-saved seeds will retain maximum vigor when thoroughly dried and stored in a moisture-proof container."1 Moisture can pass through plastic, as well as paper. The pouches that I use to store our collections and grains are food bags that are metalized 2.2 poly which provides two layers of protection from moisture and light. These are used to preserve foods and grains. They are FDA and USDA compliant. The dimensions of these bags are 6 x 8 inches. I add a desiccant packet to absorb any moisture in the air in each bag for long term storage. I carefully heat seal each one. These pouches protect from moisture and light and are easy to carry. If you look at whole grains sold in plastic buckets for food storage, you will see the same type of foil bags are used to line the food grade buckets. Never store any food or seeds in plastics which are not approved for use with food such as drainage pipe with caps on the ends. Toxic chemicals used in making them are not safe for food or seeds. For long term seed storage, I have been using vapor-proof pouches or glass jars and the germination rates are superior.
This is what comes in each box we ship: A full set of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.437916
Retrieved Text: Food preservation is an important element in global food security. Pupils at KS4 ( 14-16 years) explore why food needs to be preserved and the science behind different preservation techniques within a global setting.
An investigation into osmosis helps pupils understand the scientific process behind solar drying, a major technique used to preserve food in the developing world. Pupils also design a solar dryer.
For more details of units please go to the Make the Link homepage.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.355238
Retrieved Text: This item is designed to be used with all kinds of wine bottles. Exquisite and beautiful appearance, the air pump and stoppers are used together to remove air from your wine bottle to preserve wine opened in the last 7 days. Made of food grade silicone rubber, it is FDA approved.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.33397
Retrieved Text: For thousands of years, people have added ingredients to foods to preserve their freshness and enhance their taste. In the past, people would use things such as vinegar and salt. However, these days one never actually know what kind of unusual ingredients they will find in their meal. Food firms may advertise low calories and natural flavors, but they are less likely to promote the use of human hair, sand or fish bladders. Here are 10 of the most bizarre ingredients hiding in your food.
Polyoxyethylene-(20)-sorbitan monostearate (Polysorbate 60) is an emulsifier which is used as a substitute for cream or milk in baked goods because it does not spoil. Polysorbate 60 is made of petroleum, corn and palm oil.
Silicon dioxide is the principal chemical compound found in rocks and sands. Amorphous silicon dioxide is one of the most important anti-caking agents. The Food and Drug Administration considers silicon dioxide safe and allows its use, as long as it does not exceed 2 percent of the weight of the food. The compound can be found in pharmaceutical drug tablets, supplements, snack bars, instant soups & sauces, spice powders and processed meat.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.316235
Retrieved Text: This Salad Bowl Finish is non-toxic and designed primarily for wooden items that come in regular contact with food and food products. However, this particular finish is wiped on with a rag and has been designed to produce a harder finish than Preserve. Also ideal for wood turnings, children's furniture and toys. Can be buffed to a high-gloss finish. Safe to put in the dishwasher!
Preserve is a non-toxic finish, containing a rare blend of oils extracted from the meats of exotic nuts. It is designed to penetrate deeply into the fibers of woods to keep the juices and odors of foods from penetrating wooden items used in the kitchen.
Perfect for cutting boards, butcher blocks, knife racks, wooden cooking utensils, salad bowls, even children's toys. Hides furniture scratches instantly and enhances the grain of the wood with its golden color. Leaves a soft feel and luster.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.304037
Retrieved Text: Jerid O’Connell holding a Saw-whet Owl at the Smith Richardson preserve.
Join Jerid as a Member of the Connecticut Audubon Society!
“Smith Richardson is an amazing property. The Pequot Indians lived here and named it Machamux (“beautiful land”). The Richardsons, who protected the land and donated it to Connecticut Audubon, did an amazing service by preserving this 75 acres. For those of us who love nature, we must chip in to help to help maintain and preserve these remaining wild places. No organization can do it alone.
“We have two goals for the preserve. We want to remove the invasive vines and non-native plants and restore as many native plants as possible. With so many foreign plants used in the landscaping of the surrounding houses, the native plants will help supply food for many bugs and butterflies and, I hope, will build an awareness of the importance of native plants with the volunteers and visitors to the preserve.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.303827
Retrieved Text: Longer-lasting quality, visual appeal, sparkling freshness – gases perform a variety of tasks in the food industry. The primary purpose of these applications is to preserve a product’s existing quality. This means that gases are often used at the production stage. Typical applications include freezing and packing, cooling during mixing processes and carbonation of beverages.
Messer is constantly developing new applications for the food industry. One example is Variomix®, which is used for rapid and precise control of the product temperature during mixing processes; another is VarioSol®, which is used for the production of powdery products, or the “Siber System”, a flexible and innovative transport refrigeration system used to ensure an unbroken cold chain for fresh and frozen products.
Gourmet is the name under which Messer supplies pure gases and gas mixtures for the food industry. These gases satisfy the highest quality standards and meet all the European legal provisions on food as well as every HACCP requirement.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.148804
Retrieved Text: Preserving Tomatoes and peppers especially in Nigeria and the rest of Africa is important. These fruits are widely produced and eaten, yet having them fresh all year round at affordable prices is a tremendous challenge. Food preservation and processing is one area that we have not gotten right in our agriculture (West Africa) and it is essential for food security especially in a growing population like ours.
Tomatoes, pimento peppers (Tatase) and Chilli pepper (Shombo) and scotch bonnet (Rodo) are currently cheap in the Nigerian market. The trend is that baskets and baskets of these products spoil before leaving the farm or by the time it reaches the market, they have deteriorated and therefore waste. In a few months, they will become scarce again and prices would skyrocket; this is the usual pattern.
The story is a bit different for a country like Ghana, where production of tomato is low leading to a high unit cost of tomato production.
In Nigeria, fruits of the efforts by the government at mopping up excess tomatoes and pimento peppers as well as establishing practices that reduce the time of deterioration (during the time it takes to reach consumers from the farm) are not yet being realized by the public.
So, what can Nigerian citizens do at home to preserve tomatoes and pepper during the surplus season?
This is a traditional method of food preservation. One thing that you can do is to bottle up/Can this produce and keep them until that time when market prices so nutty.
While it can be hard to make huge

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is used to preserve food?" and the following answer choices: 
- evaporation
 - Something from Nesco
 - white vinegar
 - Calcium carbonate
 - salt and water.
 - layers of fat
 - Exfoliation
 - adding heat

Now knowing that dehydrating food is used for preserving food and our Nesco Food Dehydrators require no tray rotation due to a patented air flow system, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Something from Nesco

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.991297
Retrieved Text: 1. Why Tyffyn and not another lunchbox?
Tyffyn is the most advanced thermally-insulated lunchbox in the world. It was engineered using state-of-the-art technology to ensure that your food stays the way you like it, hot or cold, for longer. It was also designed to prevent spills and for easy portability. For more information, please click here.
2. What is my Tyffyn made of?
Tyffyn is made of the highest-quality, food-grade stainless steel. The food containers are coated on the outside with a non-toxic copper finish. The lids are made of durable, shatterproof FDA-approved BPA-free plastic.
Our materials are also compliant with the most current European standard: RoHS and SVHC.
3. Is the “Wool” style made of actual wool material? Is the “Maple” style made of actual wood material?
No, all styles are made of food-grade stainless steel, with a painted finish or with graphics printed on the outside.
4. How do I open my Tyffyn?
5. Can I place my Tyffyn horizontally?
For maximum safety and optimal leak resistance, always keep your Tyffyn standing upright.
6. What can I carry in my Tyffyn?
Tyffyn was designed to keep your food hot or cold, depending on your needs. It was not designed to carry both hot and cold food at the same time.
Tyffyn is especially well suited for moist, dense, and hot food, such as stews, rice, minestrone and other soups, mashed potatoes, lasagna and other baked pasta, ratatouille, dumplings, etc.
Tyffyn is also suitable for cold food, such as salad, cold tofu, yogurt, ice cream, fruit, cheese, cold noodles, gazpacho, potato salad, rice salad, cole slaw, deviled eggs,

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.683613
Retrieved Text: A vacuum sealer is one of the most popular type of kitchen device used today because of the features and its importance. Whether one is looking to preserve food or store it for the long haul, a vacuum sealer comes in handy. Before buying any food saver, it’s essential to know what features to look for and ways to maintain it. VacuumSealerLand.com has great advice and reviews of latest vacuum sealers to help you make the right choice.
If stuck on whether to invest in a vacuum sealer, here are some several reasons to convince you.
Food preservation doesn’t begin with left-overs on the table. Buying in bulk is not only cheaper, it also reduces your trips to the local farmers market. Moreover, one can still preserve the freshness of their supplies by placing their produce in a vacuum sealer. What’s more, one can protect their perishable food from freezer burn by vacuum sealing.
Freezing some foods can take away their flavor and taste. Using a vacuum sealer ensures that you get to enjoy the taste of the favorite foods two months later. For individuals who’d rather freeze their food, place it first in a food saver and refrigerate it later to preserve the taste.
This is one of the creative and interesting ways to use a vacuum sealer. You don’t have to spend money on quality steak when you can enjoy dry aged beef at home. Seal your beef for some time and enjoy the flavorful taste and texture of quality beef.
Busy career people do not have time to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.400955
Retrieved Text: The days are getting shorter and autumn is moving in. Yet in our gardens and at our local farmers’ markets, we have an abundance of fresh produce. Did you know that you can preserve many of your favorite foods in olive oil and enjoy a bit of summer through the fall and winter?
For centuries, people have sought ways to preserve their food and reap the benefits of the harvest all year long. In many of the countries around the Mediterranean, one of the most natural ways to preserve food was, and still is, with olive oil. Olive oil can be used to preserve vegetables, meats, fish, cheese and herbs. My Italian family is especially adept at preserving sott'olio (meaning “under the oil”); my French friends remind me that the recipes are really à l’huile and in Spanish, the recipes are en aceite de oliva.
Why preserve in olive oil?
Olive oil is a natural preservative that prevents spoilage by isolating the food from air, providing a seal that can delay oxidation, deterioration and molding.
In the days before refrigeration, the summer months were perhaps the busiest time of year as people spent hours filling canning jars to preserve and store the summer’s bounty. Even today, many people enjoy canning their own fruits and vegetables, not only to preserve the fresh, home-grown taste, but also as a money-saving way to enjoy the best of the garden all year round. While there may be less need to preserve your own food, given the modern conveniences such as refrigeration, commercial cold storage,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.329706
Retrieved Text: The food industry is constantly innovating to find clean label alternatives for food protection, allowing the removal of commonly used chemical preservatives from their products, such as sorbic acid, calcium propionate and sodium nitrite while still maintaining the functionality of those ingredients. The challenges that must be overcome when removing or replacing ingredients are substantial to maintain the safety, quality, and functionality of the finished product. Fermentation is a centuries-old method of food preservation that can be used to fulfill this need.
Since the discovery by Louis Pasteur that microorganisms play a role in the fermentation process, a new field of research was initiated to help us understand the relationship between microorganisms and food. Researchers now have a broad knowledge of food fermentation and compounds produced by bacteria, yeast or fungi and why those fermentation products have a preservation effect. This knowledge has enabled the development of safe, clean label fermentation-derived food ingredients which can provide the same enhancement to shelf-life when added to non-fermented foods. These fermentation-derived food ingredients are produced by providing a carbohydrate rich food substrate such as sugar or milk to bacteria commonly found in food products. When culturing under optimal conditions, the natural compounds that enhance the fresh keeping of food are intentionally produced. After the cultures have consumed the carbohydrate source and the fermentation is complete, the culture is typically pasteurized to eliminate the microorganisms from the blend. The product can be evaporated, concentrated and standardized prior to use by food manufacturers. Fermentation products can then be used for colour, texture,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 18.324856
Retrieved Text: Occasionally, I rant about how much I despise canning foods… it’s always been a pain, in my opinion, and quite messy. That said, I know it can be a great way to put a lot of food if you’re willing to do so, and I’m just not THAT willing, lol.
Fortunately, there are plenty of other ways to stockpile food without refrigeration or canning, and the following article discusses three of them: fermentation, dry curing (meats), and dehydrating.
Personally, I’ve gotten into fermentation in the past few years and, for the most part, it’s really easy to do. I’ve only done a bit of curing and I used to do a lot of dehydrating, though, I’ve slowed on that once I really discovered freeze-dried foods.
Regardless, they’ll all great ways to preserve many healthy foods for the long term and I would strongly encourage you to try you hand at one or more of these methods if you’ve never done so.
“Canned food is so prevalent today that it’s hard to imagine life without it. When you have extra produce that you want to preserve, most people will tell you to can it.
But, what happens when you don’t have the equipment you need for proper canning? What if you run out of flat lids and can’t go to the store for more? Or if you can’t start a fire and keep it going long enough to properly heat and process your jars?
Depending on what happens, canning extra food may not always be possible. You need some alternatives.
Canning was thought to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.755596
Retrieved Text: (NewsUSA) – Sometimes it’s the smallest ingredient in a meal that makes it stand out — the briny bite of pickle on a sandwich, perfectly light, melt-in-your-mouth pancakes or freshly cracked pepper atop fluffy scrambled eggs. The hallmarks of all these favorites are simple but essential ingredients: vinegar, baking soda and spices.
Not only are these food additives the secret ingredients in some of our favorite dishes, they’re the motivation of some pretty awesome culinary, cultural and global advancements.
In their earliest form, food additives were used to preserve food. Techniques like salting and smoking helped early cultures protect and extend their food supplies through lean times. Communities all over the world used regional spices to further preserve and enhance their foods — the dawn of foodies. The pursuit of spices is even credited with promoting world exploration — Columbus discovered the Americas while looking for new trade routes to access India for its spices.
Today, food additives have advanced well beyond their early rudimentary uses. We still use salt and vinegar to preserve food, but we’re now able to use food additives to enrich and fortify our foods and drinks as well. Vitamins added to milk enhance its healthiness. Probiotics added to yogurts aid in digestion. Natural colors added to whole grain cereals make them fun and appealing.
Chefs involved in the modern cuisine movement use food additives to make surprising and inventive new foods that puzzle and delight eaters — think “caviar” made out of fruit juice, or powdered bacon. These applications use more impressive-sounding additives than simple

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.654783
Retrieved Text: Both the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the EPA regulate uses of bleach. When hypochlorite bleach is used to wash or peel fruits and vegetables, it is a food additive regulated solely by FDA. When it is used to sanitize (e.g., water, surfaces or equipment in contact with food), it is a pesticide that must be registered with EPA. Calcium and sodium hypochlorite are both FDA-approved food additives and EPA-registered pesticides. Unlike food additives, the safety of pesticides used in food must be reassessed periodically through what is called registration review. EPA’s review must consider exposures from all uses.
With perchlorate in food increasing to levels that may cause irreversible harm to brain development in young children, EPA’s review is a welcome opportunity to reduce exposure. But the process will likely take years to complete. In the meantime, food manufacturers using hypochlorite bleach should take action now using the available common sense recommendations to preserve the effectiveness of the bleach and prevent its degradation into perchlorate.
This entry was posted in Drinking Water, Emerging Science, FDA, Food, perchlorate, Regulation and tagged Bleach, chlorate, degradation, food additive, hypochlorite, perchlorate, pesticide. Bookmark the permalink. Both comments and trackbacks are currently closed.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.654032
Retrieved Text: It’s the middle of the summer, and the garden is producing loads of fruits and vegetables. Are you taking advantage of this and preserving some for later in the year when fresh food is hard to come by? You need to know how to preserve fruits and vegetables so you can stretch your harvest for months to come.
It’s so sad that today less and less people are preserving their harvest. We’ve gotten used to fast everything and it’s a shame.
Farmer’s markers are full of goodies. Neighbors are giving away extra produce because they are sick and tired of eating the same veggies over and over. But you are smarter than that, right? Here are 5 ways to preserve your harvest.
Freezing garden vegetables and fruits is my favorite way of preserving the harvest. It’s fast and it preserves the nutrients the best.
The only disadvantage to freezing food is that you’re limited by the amount of room you have in your freezer. Of course, if you’re serious about preserving your hard worked harvest, you might just invest in a second freezer, like many of us do.
You can freeze produce straight from the garden to use in dishes later, or you can actually make freezer friendly meals and freeze those for easy dinners during the holidays or other busy times.
Freezing is also a great way to preserve summer fruits that only last a short time once picked: blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, strawberries, etc.
While it takes a bit longer to preserve food this way, canning is one of the most versatile

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.637695
Retrieved Text: The preservation of food can be traced well into prehistory and has played a pivotal role in the evolution of mankind. It has helped man take to the high seas, from ancient times to the discovery of the new world. Primarily, it was used so that man could maintain a reserve of food supplies out of season, and in times of drought and other natural phenomenon.
It was, and still is, a way for armies to move. Today, food is preserved industrially, whereas in the past, it was predominantly preserved in the home. Preservation of food has permeated every culture throughout history. Ancient man had to harness the power of nature to preserve their food according to the climate. In geographical areas where it was cold and icy half of the year, this became a way to freeze meat, whereas in hotter climates, drying food was the preferred method. Ancient Chinese, Greeks and Romans also found ways to cool their food by storing it in mountain snow, in cellars or icehouses.
In ancient times, the drying of food using the sun and the wind was the most natural way to preserve. Evidence of this has been found in digs in the Middle East dating back to at least 12,000 BC. Dried fruits were particularly popular with ancient Greeks and Romans. In the Middle Ages, purpose-built ‘still houses’ were created to dry fruit, vegetables and herbs in areas that did not have strong sunlight for drying. A fire was used to create the heat needed to dry produce, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.411652
Retrieved Text: In this modern days, food is not as simple as it was in the past. Most of the foods are processed and artificial chemicals (food additives) are being used that will enhance the taste of the product, its shelf life or its appearance. So, do you really know what is in the food you are eating only by looking at it?
There are many health promises on your food packaging (such as 0 grams saturated fat or 100% natural) that will make you believe you are eating ‘’right’’. According to Joan Salge Blake (professor of nutrition at Boston University) – “There’s so much information on products that it can be challenging for the average consumer to figure out what it all means”.
The products on the market contain ‘’hidden’’ ingredients. A perfect example is food additives. Most of us heard of them but do we actually know what they mean? Or how they might affect our health?
When we decide to leave a healthy lifestyle, we are making an effort to educate ourselves about different types of food additives (reading about risks and benefits), as we are seeking to minimize the daily exposure to pollutants or toxins.
What are actually food additives?
These are substances that manufacturers add to foods for different reasons such as to preserve flavor, or to keep the food fresher for longer or to enhance taste, texture, and appearance of the food.
Not all food additives are bad because some are actually natural compounds (such as vinegar that is usually used for pickling; salt usually used to preserve

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.172426
Retrieved Text: Private Preserve™ wine preserver is as important to a great glass of wine as the corkscrew. Private Preserve™ is number one in the world when it comes to keeping open bottles of wine fresh. This wine preserver uses inert gas to remove oxygen from wine bottles to prevent further oxidation, keeping open wines at their freshest… and it's easy to use.
Private Preserve is a simple way to slow the natural aging process and keep wines fresher longer. Air flows into a bottle when you pop the cork. Simply reinserting the cork will prevent a continuous flow of oxygen from entering the bottle and thus slow the oxidation of the contents. But the oxygen already inside will be enough to age the contents unless you spray in some Private Preserve.
PRIVATE PRESERVE replaces the air in a bottle with a balanced mixture of three gases* we naturally breathe. Private Preserve differs from fresh air because of what it lacks, oxygen and impurities.
Similar to how low temperatures keep food fresh longer in refrigerators, pumping Private Preserve into a bottle results in low oxygen levels and so keeps whatever is in the bottle fresh longer.
HOW WE USE PRIVATE PRESERVE - There are no rules. But, here are some ideas.
1. We always like to have a can of Private Preserve handy.
2. We generally spray in a few shots of Private Preserve after the first pour.
3. We do not decide if we will “finish the bottle” until we pour the last glass. We may drink only one glass and save the rest

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.151676
Retrieved Text: Last winter I paid $10.00 for a bag of frozen blueberries. Because I did not get my kids and myself to the blueberry patch last summer, I had to pay ten dollars for berries! At the local patch where I usually pick, the blueberries are $1.10 per pound. A pound of blueberries is approximately a quart. I encourage everyone to get to your local growers this spring and summer to pick to your hearts content.
Try to harvest and preserve enough for one year. Blueberries are so easy to preserve. You pick the blueberries. You rinse the berries in cold water. You bag them in quart freezer bags and put them in the freezer.
In our area you can pick by yourself: blueberries, raspberries, strawberries, apples, cherries, and pumpkins. Explore what is available in your area and then bring in the harvest. Preserve the food and then give yourself a pat on the back for being prepared!!
Officially canning season begins on August 15, but there is much to harvest right now. Strawberries are finished unless they are everbearing, but the harvest continues. Cherries, black raspberries, red raspberries are being harvested right now. Blackberries and blueberries are ripening as well.
When picking berries always use a hard container such as a bowl or plastic container. Summer is a great time to reuse and recycle. When you go berry picking use an clean, used yogurt container or cottage cheese container. Give the little ones one of these free containers and hold the bucket yourself. You can take a clean bucket and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.105705
Retrieved Text: I have always felt like I am pretty knowledgeable when it comes to food, but I recently learned about preservatives and discovered I’d been giving them an unfairly bad rap. I didn’t know what benefits they provide – but now I do, thanks to a Q&A from ConAgra.
Why should we preserve our food?
How can we preserve our food?
Antioxidants help prevent oxygen from damaging other molecules. Antioxidants function in the body to help protect cells, and they function in foods to protect oils from damage that leads to rancidity.
Be sure and take a minute to check out this video – it’ll give you great insight into what keeps our food fresh.
What do you think the most common misconception is among consumers regarding preservatives in foods?
A misconception I most commonly see is that preservatives are unnecessary and harmful to your health. When in fact, preservatives such as antioxidants are really necessary to reduce off-taste and odors in foods caused by breakdown of cells, fats and oils.
What are the trends we are seeing with consumers and their concerns about the ingredients in their food? Are these valid concerns? Why or why not?
Concern over the food we provide to our families is always valid so I want to make that point initially. And I applaud all the ladies on the phone for looking at this and considering it. I think it’s very important for us; however, I do see a lot of misinformation out there regarding food ingredients in the media, and I’m concerned that the public isn’t aware of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.071033
Retrieved Text: Anchovies are a very important part of the flavor of Italian food. However, many people, even fans of Italian food claim to not like anchovies. Some people have bad memories of smelly little fish on pizza that have forever tainted their view of Italian food that includes anchovies. Unbeknownst to many of these people is the fact that anchovies are widely used in Italian food and it's likely that some of their favorite Italian food dishes are made with anchovies. These small and often misunderstood fish are used extensively in Italian food and there comes a point when it is impossible to enjoy Italian food without running into these little guys. Anchovies are a small saltwater fish.
They are only about three inches long but pack quite a flavor. There are six different species of anchovies that are used in Italian food. From April to September is the Sicilian anchovy season and these species are lighter in flavor than the Spanish anchovies that make up a bulk of the anchovies used in Italian food. Anchovies must quickly be preserved in order to keep the flavor that is wanted for Italian food intact. The most traditional way to preserve anchovies is packed in salt.
This is the best way to guarantee an authentic Italian food flavor. Soon after the fish are caught they are cleaned and washed in salt brine and then set out to dry. The fish are then layered in round tins with sea salt in between each layer. The tins are then left to season for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 16.988094
Retrieved Text: The Op-Ed piece concludes with the same argument I learned in high school economics; we should “grow lettuce, oranges, wheat, peppers, bananas, whatever, in the places where they grow best and with the most efficient technologies — and then pay the relatively tiny energy cost to get them to market, as we do with every other commodity in the economy.” This is his rationale for being wary of the terms “food-miles” and “sustainability” – which are rapidly joining “organic”, “natural”, and “free-range” as words that connote gold and denote tin.
He gives very convincing evidence that the energy used in transporting grapes from Chile can be less than the energy used for the extra freezer your family buys to freeze your local rhubarb. But his fallacy is assuming that we need, as a nation of Americans, to be eating those grapes in March.
When I managed the Westside Farmers’ Market, I overhead many customers ask the farmers whether they had lettuce to sell in August. Tomatoes are ripe in Michigan Augusts – lettuce is long gone.
Bananas on our breakfast cereal, apple pie in May, watermelon for the 4th of July picnic, orange juice and coffee in the mornings, chocolate for Valentines Day, lettuce with tomatoes for BLTs in March ~ many food pairings in our American culture assume cheap oil, willing trading partners, and organized large-scale transportation.
You only throw away that which you do not value. The NIH study tells us that Americans are a spoiled nation when it comes to food. There are 6.8 billion people in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 16.81231
Retrieved Text: Fill Your Pantry With Your Own Homegrown Food!
Are you familiar with the six potentially deadly canning sins?
Do you know how to replace a gasket for an old but tried-and-true pressure canner?
Could you use some shortcuts to finish freezing food faster?
Would you like to know the canning advice that Kerr® and Ball® don’t tell you?
… you should read this FREE guide, What is Food Preservation? How to Can Food, How to Dehydrate Food, How to Freeze Dry, and Pickling Food Preservation from Apples to Zucchini.
What is food preservation? It’s more than just canning!
As your grocery bill keeps climbing and additives continue to affect your health and the taste of your food, one of the best things you can do for yourself and your family is to learn how to preserve food.
And even if you’ve been canning for years, there’s still a lot left to learn, if only because old methods have gotten out of date, and new methods can save you time and money.
You don’t even have to grow the food you want to preserve, because it’s still a huge savings to buy food in bulk and preserve it for later – though once you’ve read this FREE guide and found out how much fun it can be, you may find yourself starting or enlarging a garden, just to have more produce to preserve!
It’s true: The freshest, ripest, tastiest, most-nutritious food comes from your own garden or from local farmers. Of course, this delicious produce is only available fresh for a few weeks or months every year.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 16.794779
Retrieved Text: As a result of its transparency, it is normally used together with another type of paper. A parchment paper is a particular type of paper used in cooking for its non-sticky quality. It is one of the most versatile materials there is. The paper is not only much thinner, but also, in most cases, has many excellent colors and even patterns. Selecting the most suitable paper is quite important, since the last aspect of the wedding invitations depends on the treatment you have selected. The paper is not too heavy and the texture of the paper is such that it is possible to print without discomfort. Vellum paper, on the other side, is a much thinner variety of it.
When dry ice is used to preserve food, it is essential that dry ice is not handled by hand, as it can cause severe burns. A person can make the most of dry ice in the summers to preserve food, provided there is a temporary or long-term power cut, as it is a standard feature in summers. A small amount of dry ice should be placed on the top shelf of the freezer, so that the frozen foods remain intact for approximately four days. When placed in food products, it should be covered in a newspaper or towel. Using dry ice is easily the most frequent type of modified method to preserve food. It should be kept on the lowest shelf in the refrigerator to preserve food.
The oven should be preheated to 325F. Therefore, it is best to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.632801
Retrieved Text: A jar of bell peppers is a perishable food item.
A jar of bell peppers is used to preserve bell peppers longer than their standard 5 days of freshness. Bell peppers cannot be eaten directly from the jar, therefore the jar must first be opened, returning the bell peppers, with their usual freshness.
Bell peppers can be pickled to preserve their lifespan by using sugar and vinegar.
This page was last edited on 20 August 2018, at 11:23.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.61862
Retrieved Text: What is Dill Seed Powder?
Dill, scientifically known as Anethum graveolens, has been used for hundreds of years. Both the seeds and the leaves can be used. Apart from giving a strong, tangy, appetizing flavor and taste, it has many beneficial properties. Dill is widely grown in Eurasia where its leaves and seeds are used as a herb or spice for flavouring food.
DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder contains pure, raw and dried Dill Seed powder. The seeds are carefully dried to preserve their natural aroma, freshness and good qualities. It is made with finest Dill Seeds, free from any additives or fillers and suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder is available in pack size of 100g (3.5oz) glass bottle and 500g (1.1lb) and 1Kg (2.2lb) stand-up pouches. It is carefully packed in recyclable, food-grade packaging to maintain its natural aroma and freshness.
Who is Dill Seed Powder suitable for?
Dill Seed Powder is suitable for those looking to integrate Devdaru herb as a daily supplement to their diet. DR WAKDE'S™ Dill Seed Powder is particularly suited to vegans and vegetarians.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.615421
Retrieved Text: Support us to fight food waste!
In this day and age capitalism, globalization and commercialization are getting more and more known for its wastage. The amount of wasted food has grown over the last few decades, people also have 800 million people without access to healthy food. Not only is this a moral problem, but food waste is a homogeneous problem that has severe environmental and economic costs such as land degradation, climate change, the irresponsible use of fresh water, natural resources and fossil fuel energy etc. Research concluded that households are the biggest contributors in food waste in high-income countries. People are not aware how much they throw and what the consequences are.
Considering this, our goal is to tackle food waste in households, since they are the biggest contributors. We focus on reducing the waste of vegetables and fruits. As a result, we came up with a simple and effortless fermentation kit. Through our product, we would like to introduce fermentation to households as a clean method to preserve fruits and vegetables. Fermentation has been widely used to preserve food in many cultures because it is an easy and simple storage method. With our fermentation kit, you can ferment your leftover fruits and vegetables at home easily.
FRMNT is a start-up that aims to reduce wasted fruits and vegetables in households. We design a handy kit for fermentation - the 'Weck-Kit. The kit is a combination of three jars, a wooden spoon, three starter recipes and fermentation guidelines. All you need is some leftover fruits and vegetables

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.60844
Retrieved Text: 10 Cooking Terms to know.
Clarify- A process of removing impurities from a liquid. It usually accomplished by skimming the surface of the liquid as it is heated.
Deglaze- The process of loosening, reducing and dissolving the reside remaining in the pan after meat has been sauteed.
Dot- The process involving the placement of small bit or pieces of food over and around food.
Giblets- The edible inside of poultry that includes the organs.
Gluten- A protein found in wheat,oats, rye, and barley.
Herbs du Provence- A seasoning blind that is used to season meat, poultry or vegetable. No solid rule on what specific herbs to use in mixture.
Infusion- A process that involves the soaking of a substance in hot liquid to extract the flavor.
Parboil- Cooking food in boiling water for only a short amount of time to retain the color, to help preserve nutrients.
Pinch-1/16 of a teaspoon or a dash.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.603228
Retrieved Text: The Making of a "Billionaire"
This is tiny glimpse of what goes into sourcing and prepping the fruit for our premium jams, jellies, and preserves. Here we have used our most popular preserve "Billionaire" to illustrate our common practices.
During each fruits' growing season, we are always searching the countryside of Ohio looking for small farms with the goals and growing practices that align with our beliefs in sustainable farming. Many of the farms we source from also use organic growing practices. This point is very important to us as we feel it is very important to keep the inputs in our food system to a minimum. This is not only for the health of the land but more importantly the health of those who enjoy our offerings. Our dedication to this part of the process not only assures that we are able to provide a superior product to our customers but also helps to support a sustainable local food system.
The secret to the intense flavor in our offerings is in the quality and condition of the ingredients we source. We are dedicated to sourcing the best Ohio has to offer. When choosing our fruit, we use all our senses, not just taste, but how appealing the fruit looks, how it feels in the hand, and the aroma.
After we source our fruit at the peak of ripeness, we bring it home and give it a gentle cleaning with water and organic apple cider vinegar and then an additional water-only bath in order to separate any remaining material from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.508356
Retrieved Text: Pumpkins and Squash for 'Winter' meals!
When storing seeds for many years keep them dry and cool. Suzanne Ashworth's book confirms what we have been doing for many years. "The two greatest enemies of stored seeds are high temperature and high moisture."1 and "Home-saved seeds will retain maximum vigor when thoroughly dried and stored in a moisture-proof container."1 Moisture can pass through plastic, as well as paper. The pouches that I use to store our collections and grains are food bags that are metalized 2.2 poly which provides two layers of protection from moisture and light. These are used to preserve foods and grains. They are FDA and USDA compliant. The dimensions of these bags are 6 x 8 inches. I add a desiccant packet to absorb any moisture in the air in each bag for long term storage. I carefully heat seal each one. These pouches protect from moisture and light and are easy to carry. If you look at whole grains sold in plastic buckets for food storage, you will see the same type of foil bags are used to line the food grade buckets. Never store any food or seeds in plastics which are not approved for use with food such as drainage pipe with caps on the ends. Toxic chemicals used in making them are not safe for food or seeds. For long term seed storage, I have been using vapor-proof pouches or glass jars and the germination rates are superior.
This is what comes in each box we ship: A full set of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.437916
Retrieved Text: Food preservation is an important element in global food security. Pupils at KS4 ( 14-16 years) explore why food needs to be preserved and the science behind different preservation techniques within a global setting.
An investigation into osmosis helps pupils understand the scientific process behind solar drying, a major technique used to preserve food in the developing world. Pupils also design a solar dryer.
For more details of units please go to the Make the Link homepage.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.355238
Retrieved Text: This item is designed to be used with all kinds of wine bottles. Exquisite and beautiful appearance, the air pump and stoppers are used together to remove air from your wine bottle to preserve wine opened in the last 7 days. Made of food grade silicone rubber, it is FDA approved.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.33397
Retrieved Text: For thousands of years, people have added ingredients to foods to preserve their freshness and enhance their taste. In the past, people would use things such as vinegar and salt. However, these days one never actually know what kind of unusual ingredients they will find in their meal. Food firms may advertise low calories and natural flavors, but they are less likely to promote the use of human hair, sand or fish bladders. Here are 10 of the most bizarre ingredients hiding in your food.
Polyoxyethylene-(20)-sorbitan monostearate (Polysorbate 60) is an emulsifier which is used as a substitute for cream or milk in baked goods because it does not spoil. Polysorbate 60 is made of petroleum, corn and palm oil.
Silicon dioxide is the principal chemical compound found in rocks and sands. Amorphous silicon dioxide is one of the most important anti-caking agents. The Food and Drug Administration considers silicon dioxide safe and allows its use, as long as it does not exceed 2 percent of the weight of the food. The compound can be found in pharmaceutical drug tablets, supplements, snack bars, instant soups & sauces, spice powders and processed meat.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.316235
Retrieved Text: This Salad Bowl Finish is non-toxic and designed primarily for wooden items that come in regular contact with food and food products. However, this particular finish is wiped on with a rag and has been designed to produce a harder finish than Preserve. Also ideal for wood turnings, children's furniture and toys. Can be buffed to a high-gloss finish. Safe to put in the dishwasher!
Preserve is a non-toxic finish, containing a rare blend of oils extracted from the meats of exotic nuts. It is designed to penetrate deeply into the fibers of woods to keep the juices and odors of foods from penetrating wooden items used in the kitchen.
Perfect for cutting boards, butcher blocks, knife racks, wooden cooking utensils, salad bowls, even children's toys. Hides furniture scratches instantly and enhances the grain of the wood with its golden color. Leaves a soft feel and luster.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.304037
Retrieved Text: Jerid O’Connell holding a Saw-whet Owl at the Smith Richardson preserve.
Join Jerid as a Member of the Connecticut Audubon Society!
“Smith Richardson is an amazing property. The Pequot Indians lived here and named it Machamux (“beautiful land”). The Richardsons, who protected the land and donated it to Connecticut Audubon, did an amazing service by preserving this 75 acres. For those of us who love nature, we must chip in to help to help maintain and preserve these remaining wild places. No organization can do it alone.
“We have two goals for the preserve. We want to remove the invasive vines and non-native plants and restore as many native plants as possible. With so many foreign plants used in the landscaping of the surrounding houses, the native plants will help supply food for many bugs and butterflies and, I hope, will build an awareness of the importance of native plants with the volunteers and visitors to the preserve.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.303827
Retrieved Text: Longer-lasting quality, visual appeal, sparkling freshness – gases perform a variety of tasks in the food industry. The primary purpose of these applications is to preserve a product’s existing quality. This means that gases are often used at the production stage. Typical applications include freezing and packing, cooling during mixing processes and carbonation of beverages.
Messer is constantly developing new applications for the food industry. One example is Variomix®, which is used for rapid and precise control of the product temperature during mixing processes; another is VarioSol®, which is used for the production of powdery products, or the “Siber System”, a flexible and innovative transport refrigeration system used to ensure an unbroken cold chain for fresh and frozen products.
Gourmet is the name under which Messer supplies pure gases and gas mixtures for the food industry. These gases satisfy the highest quality standards and meet all the European legal provisions on food as well as every HACCP requirement.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.148804
Retrieved Text: Preserving Tomatoes and peppers especially in Nigeria and the rest of Africa is important. These fruits are widely produced and eaten, yet having them fresh all year round at affordable prices is a tremendous challenge. Food preservation and processing is one area that we have not gotten right in our agriculture (West Africa) and it is essential for food security especially in a growing population like ours.
Tomatoes, pimento peppers (Tatase) and Chilli pepper (Shombo) and scotch bonnet (Rodo) are currently cheap in the Nigerian market. The trend is that baskets and baskets of these products spoil before leaving the farm or by the time it reaches the market, they have deteriorated and therefore waste. In a few months, they will become scarce again and prices would skyrocket; this is the usual pattern.
The story is a bit different for a country like Ghana, where production of tomato is low leading to a high unit cost of tomato production.
In Nigeria, fruits of the efforts by the government at mopping up excess tomatoes and pimento peppers as well as establishing practices that reduce the time of deterioration (during the time it takes to reach consumers from the farm) are not yet being realized by the public.
So, what can Nigerian citizens do at home to preserve tomatoes and pepper during the surplus season?
This is a traditional method of food preservation. One thing that you can do is to bottle up/Can this produce and keep them until that time when market prices so nutty.
While it can be hard to make huge

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Reproduction is the process by which living things what?" and the following answer choices: 
- Most plants
 - allow growth
 - spread flower seeds
 - have wide set eyes
 - members of their own species
 - have birthing hips
 - have quiet laughter
 - give birth to babies

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and whenever it starts to give birth, it gives birth up to two to four babies offspring, choose the best answer.

Target Text: give birth to babies

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.436857
Retrieved Text: Asexually reproducing organism can cope with a changing environment only through relatively rare spontaneous mutations that prove to be beneficial.
This process does not allow any variation in their population, though it is opposite in the case of sexual reproduction, which accepts variations in their population.
These offsprings are parents again give rise to new one.
No fertilization occurs during asexual reproduction. And due to which sexual reproduction is considered as the most fundamental aspect of evolution. These offspring are usually referred to as clones . Time is taken to complete Multiplication is very rapid and in lesser time. Starfish Regenerating its Legs Agamogenesis Any form of reproduction which does not involve male gametes is known as agamogenesis.
What is asexual reproduction? Types of asexual reproduction There are several different types of asexual reproduction but the most common ones include binary fission, budding, fragmentation and spores.
The number of offspring may vary from two to many and are genetically similar in asexual reproduction whereas the number of offspring produced are less in number comparatively which are genetically different from their parents.
There are specialized organs present in male and female gametes for sexual reproduction in plant and animals. If it continues to grow normally it can eventually become a baby. This combination of gametes is named treatment.
Both of these forms of reproduction occur in plants, fungi and animals however the specific form of reproduction will depend on the species . Puffballs Emitting Spores Sexual Reproduction of Plants Bryophytes like liverworts, mosses, and hornworts consist of motile sperms with flagella.
Fertilization takes place in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 24.282137
Retrieved Text: 3. LIVING THINGS CAN GROW, MOVE AND NEED FOOD. People, animals and plants are living things.
5. Viviparous animals are born from their mother’s womb. Oviparous animals are born from an egg. Plants are born from seeds.
6. A seed grows to become a tree. A baby grows to become an adult.
7. A puppy grows to become a dog. A chic grows to become a hen. A tadpole grows to become a frog.
8. When living things reproduce, they make other living things with the same characteristics.
9. All living things die.
11. All living things need a place to live.
12. VITAL FUNCTIONS Nutrition Humans and animals cannot make their own food. Plants can make their own food. Photosynthesis is the process by which plants make their food.
13. Interaction Reproduction All animals interact with other animals. We use our senses to interact with other things. Animals make new animals with the same characteristics. Plants produce seeds from which other plants grow.
15. NON - LIVING THINGS CAN’T GROW, MOVE AND DON’T NEED FOOD A table, a car, a pencil, a house, a doll, a fan, mountains and clouds are non-living things.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 24.271837
Retrieved Text: Check new design of our homepage! Reproduction is one of the distinguishing features of living organisms, and is essential for the survival of any species. Such perpetuation of species is achieved through two fundamental Reproduce asexually - sexual and asexual. Sexual reproduction involves the formation of a zygote, through the fusion of gametes from two parents.
The zygote develops into an embryo, and grows into an offspring. On the other hand, asexual reproduction involves Reproduce asexually formation of a genetically identical offspring from a single individual. The primitive life forms predominantly exhibit asexual reproduction. The ability to exist in two genders evolved with the changing environment. With the increase in complexity of the newly evolved life forms, the dominance of asexual reproduction decreased.
Nevertheless, each kingdom encompasses a set of strictly asexual organisms, as well as a set of organisms characterized by the presence of both sexual and asexual phases. What is Asexual Reproduction? Asexual reproduction is a reproductive process devoid of gamete formation and fertilization, and mostly proceeds via mitosis. The resultant offspring is a clone of the parent organism due to Reproduce asexually absence Reproduce asexually genetic exchange.
Budding, fission, fragmentation, vegetative propagation, etc. Such reproductive cycles complete in less time, as compared to sexual reproduction, which serves as an evolutionary advantage. However, owing to the lack of genetic variation, the ability to adapt to changing environment is limited.
In asexual organisms, genetic Reproduce asexually can Reproduce asexually only through random mutations. Being so, they are dependent on favorable mutations to cope with environmental changes. List of Organisms

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.64314
Retrieved Text: To explore plant growth from a bulb, root, and a stem. To investigate asexual plant reproduction.
How does plant reproduction occur?
What occurs in cell division?
Living things must reproduce for new life to form.Some living things reproduce sexually which requires two parents.Other living things reproduce asexually which only requires one parent.In all reproduction, cell division occurs meaning cells are constantly dividing making new cells.Plants reproduce asexually.You may think that all plant cell division starts from a seed but this is not true.Plant cell division can also begin from a bulb, a root, or a stem.
Fill a plastic cup with water.Have an adult cut a small branch close to the stem from your flowering plant.Place this cutting in your cup of water.
Place about 1 inch of gravel in the bottom of a plastic cup.Fill the remainder of the cup with moist potting soil.
Pull a few sections of your garlic bulb apart.Plant two cloves about 1 ½ inches deep in the soil.
Fill a pie tin with water.Measure 1 inch from the top of your carrot, turnip, or radish.Have an adult cut this 1 inch section off the top for you.Place the cut side down in the water in the pie tin.
Before students can move on to more complicated matters, first help them understand division without remainders.
Which Plants can Resist Walnut Tree Allelopathy?
This science fair project compares the allelopathic affects of juglone, a chemical agent produced by the Black Walnut tree, on two plants.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.999933
Retrieved Text: Biochemistry is the chemistry of organisms. An organism is anything that is alive, or if not, was once alive (a "dead organism"). What, then, is the condition we call life? We cannot offer a rigid, precise definition, but we do know that living things are characterised by metabolism, growth, and reproduction. Metabolism is the process by which a body introduces into itself ("ingests") various energy‑rich materials from its environment ("food"), and transforms these materials, with the release of energy, into other substances, some of which are retained by the body ("growth" or "repair") and some eliminated. Reproduction is the process by which one body produces another that is like itself in properties, structure, composition, and function, including metabolism and reproduction.
The distinction between an organism and a material is not always clear. A virus consists of particles several hundred angstrom units in length or diameter; these particles can reproduce themselves in a suitable environment but they do not ingest food, or grow, or carry on any other metabolic processes. Are viruses, then, living organisms or are they chemical materials that consist of large molecules capable of replicating themselves under suitable conditions? To include viruses among the living the definition of life must be modified. Most broadly, we may consider anything living if it can bring order out of disorder at the expense of energy and has the capability to preserve accidental variations (called mutations) that may occur in the process.
In an organism, the structure called the cell may be considered to be a biochemical reactor. An organism

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.224232
Retrieved Text: Assorted type of living beings are found in various sorts of living spaces like sea, freshwater bodies, backwoods, cool mountains, deserts, warm water springs and so on. This makes us think what is life? To find the answer for this a differentiation on living and the non-living beings is required.
Cellular association: living things are made out of single cell (unicellular living beings) or numerous cells (multicellular living beings) which take up with each other to perform essential elements of the body.
Response to stimuli: every single living thing can adapt and react to any adjustment in nature.
Reproduction: living things recreate either sexually or asexually to create offsprings of their own type.
Growth: every single living thing develops, matures and ages and then dies.
Metabolism: living things require vitality to complete their fundamental life forms.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 22.152111
Retrieved Text: Ultimately, all life on Earth depends on plants to provide food, shelter, and oxygen for other living things. Consequently, plant reproduction is crucial to all other life on this planet. The first step in plant reproduction is the intricate process called pollination, which occurs when pollen grains, the male germ cell of a plant, reach the stigma, the female reproductive part of the same species of plant. Depending on the plant species, a flower can produce male, female, or both structures. Pollination can also occur within the same flower.
Most flowering plants (90 percent) depend on animals to make the vital pollen-grain delivery. The remaining flowering plants rely on wind and some-times splashing raindrops to ferry pollen, but this is a less precise method. Pollinating animals do the job for a reward: food, usually in the form of nectar. The lessons in this online unit explore the theme of the National Zoo's Pollinarium exhibition: how plant and animal partners interact to accomplish pollination.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.784739
Retrieved Text: The Cell Cycle & Mitosis. Chapter 5. 5.1 – The Cell Cycle. Key Concept: Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions. When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?.
Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions.
When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?
Does an animal get larger because each cell increases in size or because it produces more of them?
What are some things that all cells in your body must have?
The cell cycle has 4 main stages.
The cell cycle is a regular pattern of growth, DNA replication, and cell division.
The main stages of the cell cycle are: Gap 1, Synthesis, Gap 2, & Mitosis.
Mitosis occurs only if the cell is large enough and the DNA undamaged.
Cells divide at different rates.
The rate of cell division varies with the need for that type of cell.
Cell volume increases faster than surface area.
Cells need to stay small to allow diffusion and osmosis to work efficiently.
Surface area must allow for adequate exchange of materials.
Cells divide during mitosis and cytokinesisinto two new daughter cells.
Chromosomes condense at the start of mitosis.
Chromosomes: carry genetic information (DNA) that is passed from one generation of cells to the next.
DNA wraps around proteins (histones) that condense it.
DNA plus proteins (histones) is called chromatin.
Sister chromatids are held together at the centromere.
Mitosis and cytokinesis produce two genetically identical daughter cells.
Interphase prepares the cell to divide.
Chromosomes condense, spindle fibers form, and the nuclear membrane disappears.
Mitosis divides the cell’s nucleus in four phases.
Chromosomes line up across the middle of the cell.
Sister chromatids

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.294996
Retrieved Text: The characteristics of our universe, its matter and energy, and its physical laws are the result Darwinian evolution.
To the extent that a universe possesses characteristics that are favorable to the emergence of an intelligent life that is eventually capable of governing its universe in reproduction, that universe is more likely to proliferate, passing on its characteristics to a greater number of offspring. In this manner, successive generations of universes possess characteristics that are progressively favorable to the emergence of intelligent life, specifically, life that is eventually capable of governing the activities of its own universe to the reproductive advantage that universe.
One or more universes produce a universe as offspring. The offspring universe inherits the characteristics of the parent universe(s).
Over a period of perhaps billions of years, the offspring universe develops natural, biological, intelligent life via evolution. This formation of intelligent life is a natural consequence of the offspring universe’s inherited characteristics. This biological, intelligent life then produces a greater intelligence by some (unknown) combination of several processes, such as by controlling its own evolution, by constructing and merging with computer technology, or by constructing and being replaced by computer-based intelligent life.
The intelligent life grows in complexity until it gains the capacity to govern its own universe, specifically in the act of reproduction.
Under the control of its governing intelligence, the offspring universe reproduces, passing on its characteristics to its own offspring, thereby completing the Darwinian cycle. This reproduction may take the form of fission, budding, or sexual reproduction with one or more other universes. Note that the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.970793
Retrieved Text: If a patent holder has the right to stop someone who “[m]akes, uses, offers to sell, or sells”1 her product, what happens when her product runs away and starts making itself?
Chakrabarty inherently demonstrates that the controversy around the patentability of living organisms. Many people find it immoral to own life-forms. More recently, some worry that in the future a patentee will own other people’s genetic code.4 But, the real wonder is about the feasibility of patenting self-reproductive life. What happens when, for example, Chakrabarty’s organisms get loose in the environment and start eating up oil spills all over the world? Does his right to exclusion stay intact after he loses control of his patented product? Now that patents on living organisms are commonplace in the U.S., what is the scope of ownership and how do we deal with infringement? Specifically, does it make sense to, under strict liability, punish people who accidentally infringe when the patented subject matter is itself self-reproducing and does not have the mental capacity to refrain from reproduction?
However, the Canadian court’s new ruling is not the consensus the United States. Patents protect inventions, and anything embodying that invention without consent infringes the inventor’s protection. So it seems that right now, strict liability holds, and the growth of a non-licensed GMO is inherently infringement. For example, an animal made up of cells containing patented engineered genes, like a a cow engineered to produce sweeter milk – and all of its offspring that have (not necessarily express) the sweet-milk gene, is covered by the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.966745
Retrieved Text: Amoebas are tiny, single-celled organisms that live in moist conditions, such as fresh and salt water, soil, and within animals.
They have a clear outer membrane and an inner grainy mass, or cytoplasm, containing the cells' inner structures.
These are called organelles. Each amoeba contains one or more nuclei, according to its species. Unlike higher forms of life, amoebas do not need another individual's genetic material to reproduce. The nucleus of each cell contains the amoeba's genetic material.
First, the genetic material replicates. Then the nucleus divides. This is called mitosis.
Finally, the cytoplasm and outer membrane split in two. Each half contains a nucleus. The separate halves pull apart.
Each new cell contains genetic material that is identical to the original. This process is called binary fission. The final stage of amoeba reproduction is the point at which there is a narrow strip of material joining the two new cells. Scientists at the Weizmann Institute studying one type of amoeba found that sometimes the process stops at this stage.
They were surprised to discover that often in this scenario, a third cell would come to help by forcing between the Describe asexual reproduction in amoeba cells, causing the tether to break.
Further experimentation revealed that when reproducing cells are in distress they excrete a chemical that signals to nearby individuals. Scientists at the University of Massachusetts argue that some amoeba may exchange genetic material through a number of methods.
Others may have done so during periods of their evolutionary history. One of their arguments is that evolutionary theory shows that asexual reproduction is

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.834806
Retrieved Text: The ability of the living organisms to produce new living beings similar to themselevs is called reproduction.
Single organism commonly multiply through asexual reproduction. Asexual reproduction is the process of formation of new individuals from specialised or unspecialised parts of a single parent without the formation and fusion of gametes. Because of the formation of new individuals from a parent, asexual reproduction is called uniparental.
It is a mode of asexual of asexual reproduction in which a parent undergoes division to form two or more individuals. Fission is of two types, binary fission and multiple fission.
It means ‘splitting into two’. In binary fission, the nucleus or nuclear matter elongates and then divides into two. It is followed by cleavage of cytoplasm in between the two daughter nuclei to form two daughter individuals.
In multiple fission, many individuals are formed from a single individual.
The nucleus of cell divides repeatedly, producing many nuclei.
Each nucleus is surrounded by a small amount of cytoplasm & many daughter cells are produced within the cyst.
The cyst breaks up under favourable conditions & small off springs are liberated.
In plant, multiple fission is seen in many algae & in animals, a common example of multiple fission is that of the malarial parasite (Plasmodium).
In budding a small part of the body of the parent organism grows out as a ”bud” which then detaches and become new organism.
The nucleus of the parent divides and one of the daughter nuclei passes into the bud.
The bud detaches itself from the parent body & becomes a new individual after growing to full

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.328224
Retrieved Text: Classification the action or process of classifying something according to shared qualities or characteristics.
Archaebacteria size and simplicity of structure but radically different in molecular organization. They are now believed to constitute an ancient intermediate group between the bacteria and eukaryotes.
Fungi A group of unicellular, multicellular, or syncytial spore-producing organisms feeding on organic matter, including molds, yeast, mushrooms, and toadstools.
Taxonomy the branch of science concerned with classification, especially of organisms; systematics.
Eubacteria a bacterium of a large group typically having simple cells with rigid cell walls and often flagella for movement.
Dichotomous key is a tool that allows the user to determine the identity of items in the natural world, such as trees, wildflowers, mammals, reptiles, rocks, and fish.
Animalia that one of the basic groups of living things that comprises either all the animals or all the multicellular animals — compare animal kingdom plantae protista.
Continental drift Is the hypothesis thata??s states that the continents once formed a single landmass, broke up, and drifted to their present location.
Sea floor spreading Is the process by which new oceanic lithosphere forms as magma rises toward the surface and solidifies.
Plate tectonics The theory that explains how large pieces of the Earth's outermost layer called tectonic plates move and change shape.
Convergent boundary The boundary formed by the collision of two lithospheric plates.
Divergent boundary The boundary between two tectonic plates that are moving away from each other.
Transform boundary The boundary between tectonic plates that are sliding past each other horizontally.
Convection currents The movement of matter due to differences in density.
Pangaea He thought that all of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.992718
Retrieved Text: With the exception of single-celled organisms and very simple life forms, living things have complex bodies that contain many functional parts. You can organize these parts into different levels of complexity or cellular organization. They range from the smallest, simplest functional units of living things to the largest and most complex.
Most organisms have functional parts with five levels: cells, tissues, organs, organ systems and whole organisms. Cells hold genetic material and absorb outside energy. Tissues make up the bones, nerves and connective fibers of the body. Organs work to perform specific bodily tasks, such as filtering blood. Organ systems are groups of organs that perform a specific kind of function together, such as digesting food. Together, these smaller systems make up an entire living organism, which is capable of growing, using energy and reproducing.
Cells are the smallest functional units of all livings things. Both plants and animals contain various kinds of cells. Cells help living things absorb nutrients. In the case of animals, these nutrients come from food. In the case of plants, they come mostly from sunlight, which plant cells convert into usable nutrients via a process called photosynthesis.
Both plant and animal cells carry genetic material in the form of DNA. Without DNA, livings things would not be able to pass on their individual characteristics or the characteristics of their species to the next generation.
Different kinds of cells perform different functions. For example, in animals, red blood cells help to attack viruses, while sperm and egg cells aid in reproduction.
Tissues are the organic material from

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.920683
Retrieved Text: The world consists of both living and non living things. Any object that does not possess “Life” or living characteristics is a non living thing. A living cell is made up of a number of organic and inorganic chemical substances that are themselves nonliving, yet when present in the living body become vital constituents.
The most important characteristic of nonliving things is the absence of protoplasm, the fundamental basis of life. For example, cells are absent in stones or any non living things.
Due to the absence of protoplasm, no metabolic activities are possible in the nonliving things.
The structural organization like tissue, organ or system is never found in nonliving things.
The nonliving things usually do not have any definite form or size of their own. Liquids assume the shape of the container. A liquid like water when heated changes into the gaseous state or can be even frozen into the solid state and thus it has no definite form.
The movement, if observed, is never automatic but occurs under any other external influence.
Another Characteristics of Non-living things is that growth occurs by accretion, i.e. by addition of materials from outside. For example a crystal in a solution or a snowball may grow larger in size due to the accumulation of particles of its own unit on the outer surface of the original body.
The absence of nutrition, excretion, respiration, reproduction, irritability and adaptation are the characteristics of nonliving things.
The unlimited duration of existence or immortality is a vital characteristic of nonliving things.
All non living matters on the earth can be

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.831629
Retrieved Text: Properly crafted extracts begin with a seed, but not all cannabis is created equal. There are literally hundreds of methods, techniques and tricks to cultivating cannabis. The Yeti Farms way may not be the quickest way, but we didn’t get into this industry to cut corners. While most extract companies cultivate cannabis indoors, Yeti Farms is an anomaly in the Colorado cannabis market.
Our extracts begin with sun-grown cannabis and a whole lot of love and care.
Indoor cultivation essentially mimics an outdoor environment. Artificial light, regulated temperatures, controlled humidity and measured CO2 levels—all the things that mother nature provides for us. At Yeti Farms, we believe in the resilience of the cannabis plant and its ability to not only thrive in an outdoor environment, but also produce stronger terpene profiles and a wider spectrum of cannabinoids.
We’ve gone back to our farming roots to bring you the best damn dab in the west.
Here at Yeti Farms, we find that it’s important to continually evolve our strain library by introducing new, cutting-edge genetics each season. Who’s ready for Pineapple Trainwreck? We’re also continuing the legacy of some of our most beloved and highest performing genetics, like Jack Herer and Orange Crush.
There are two primary ways to breed cannabis: sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction. Sexual reproduction refers to the process of crossing a male and female plant through pollination to produce seeds, which can then be planted to form genetic hybrids of two parent plants. Asexual reproduction refers to cloning cannabis plants—a process that Yeti Farms has perfected.
We believe that

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.829317
Retrieved Text: There is one peculiarity appertaining to matters referring to living things, namely an impossibility to construct a perfect definition. For instance, taking the word spore, we use it freely, and understand fairly well what we mean when we use it, but although in most instances we may accurately define any particular spore, we cannot construct a definition to include all spores.
A spore is a free protoplast enclosed in a cellulose case. Then there are spores which have no case, for instance, the megaspore of a flower. A spore may not be free as in the compound spores of many Fungi. Again, there are many single free protoplasts which are not spores. A spore is a single protoplast which is employed in the function of propagation or reproduction, yet there are other things, such as gemmae, with a similar function, which we do not call spores. Spore production we may trace in the highest to almost the lowest of plant forms.
A simple form of spore production is that with which we are familiar in the case of ferns and mosses. Sacks are formed full of little spores. When ripe the sack bursts, and the spores are blown about by the wind. In ferns, the spore sacks may be seen like fine brown dust in clusters on the back or margin of the leaf. In mosses the spores are contained in single large case3, commonly referred to as the moss-fruit. In both these instances the spores are all of one size.
In several distinct instances dame Nature has bethought

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.768385
Retrieved Text: As always God performs His creation on day five in an orderly fashion. He had prepared bodies of water as special places for these sea creatures to call home: He created special bodies of water for them to live, thrive, and enjoy life, and reproduce and replenish their kind. And since atmosphere or sky and water now were separated, there was a good place for winged or flying creatures to live and enjoy their environment.
I find it interesting that always after creating living entities, God gave His command to multiply according to its kind and replenish the earth. So reproduction occurs from the tiniest amoeba, through binary fission or its ability to divide into two parts, to human beings. But cats are to seek other cats for the process of reproduction, dogs seek other dogs, etc. And these creatures reproduce through cohabitation, however, many plants reproduce through pollination and germination. But I consider it interesting that after creating every living creature it is told to multiply and replenish the earth.
Heavenly Father, while doing research and learning that You performed all things You created in such an orderly fashion, I’m encouraged to live a more orderly life. And through this experience, my awe and amazement of You has increased as I studied about Your Omnipotence, love, and provision for the least of your creations. I pray and thank You in Jesus. name. Amen.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.758083
Retrieved Text: 1. the process of reproduction.
2. a class composed of all individuals removed by the same number of successive ancestors from a common predecessor, or occupying positions on the same level in a genealogical (pedigree) chart.
alternate generation reproduction by alternate asexual and sexual means in an animal or plant species.
asexual generation (direct generation) production of a new organism not originating from union of gametes.
first filial generation the first-generation offspring of two parents; symbol F1.
parental generation the generation with which a particular genetic study is begun; symbol P1.
second filial generation all of the offspring produced by two individuals of the first filial generation; symbol F2.
sexual generation production of a new organism from the cell formed by the union of a male gamete (spermatozoon) and a female gamete (oocyte).
spontaneous generation the discredited concept of continuous generation of living organisms from nonliving matter.
reproduction by fission, gemmation, or in any other way without union of the male and female cell, or conjugation.
Reproduction by fission, gemmation, or in any other way without union of the male and female cells, or conjugation.
Synonym(s): heterogenesis (2) , nonsexual generation.
2. a class composed of all individuals removed by the same number of successive ancestors from a common predecessor, or occupying positions on the same level in a genealogical (pedigree) chart. Said also of antibiotics or other chemicals derived from parent compounds.
reproduction by alternate asexual and sexual means in an animal or plant species.
production of a new organism not originating from union of gametes. Called also direct generation.
the first generation offspring of two parents; symbol F1.
all of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.648607
Retrieved Text: 1. The act of reproducing or the condition or process of being reproduced.
2. Something reproduced, especially in the faithfulness of its resemblance to the form and elements of the original: a fine reproduction of a painting by Matisse.
3. Biology The sexual or asexual process by which organisms generate new individuals of the same kind; procreation.
3. (Electronics) the quality of sound from an audio system: this amplifier gives excellent reproduction.
1. the act or process of reproducing.
2. a copy or duplicate of an original.
3. the process among organisms by which new individuals of the same kind are generated.
The process by which cells and organisms produce other cells and organisms of the same kind. Cell reproduction usually involves division of a cell into two identical parts by means of mitosis or into four different parts by meiosis. ♦ The reproduction of organisms by the union of male and female reproductive cells (gametes) is called sexual reproduction. Most multicellular animals reproduce sexually. ♦ Reproduction in which offspring are produced by a single parent, without the union of reproductive cells, is called asexual reproduction. The fission (splitting) of bacterial cells is a form of asexual reproduction. Many plants and fungi are capable of reproducing both sexually and asexually, as are some animals, such as sponges.
toy - a nonfunctional replica of something else (frequently used as a modifier); "a toy stove"
4. reproduction - the act of making copies; "Gutenberg's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient"
2. duplication, printing, copying, duplicating, photocopying, xeroxing, photostatting I have no problem with the reproduction of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.623844
Retrieved Text: What is a virus? Is it even a living organism?
This alien-looking thing is a virus. But is it prokaryotic or eukaryotic? Or neither? Or both? A virus is essentially genetic material surrounded by protein. That's it. So, is a virus prokaryotic or eukaryotic? Or neither? Or both?
Viruses, like the one depicted in Figure below, are tiny particles that may cause disease. Human diseases caused by viruses include the common cold and flu. Do you think viruses are prokaryotes or eukaryotes? The answer may surprise you. Viruses are not cells at all, so they are neither prokaryotes nor eukaryotes.
Cartoon of a flu virus. The flu virus is a tiny particle that may cause illness in humans. What is a virus? Is it a cell? Is it even alive?
Viruses contain DNA but not much else. They lack the other parts shared by all cells, including a plasma membrane, cytoplasm, and ribosomes. Therefore, viruses are not cells, but are they alive? All living things not only have cells; they are also capable of reproduction. Viruses cannot reproduce by themselves. Instead, they infect living hosts, and use the hosts’ cells to make copies of their own DNA. Viruses also do not have their own metabolism or maintain homeostasis. For these reasons, most scientists do not consider viruses to be living things.
An overview of viruses can be seen at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0h5Jd7sgQWY(23:17).
Viruses are neither prokaryotic or eukaryotic.
Viruses are not made of cells. Viruses cannot replicate on their own.
Most scientists do not consider viruses to be living.
Why are viruses considered parasites?
Describe the outside covering

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.604038
Retrieved Text: 2. What is the difference between a: control variable, independent variable and dependent variable?
a. Control Variable – The “normal” sample.
b. Independent Variable – the ONE variable in an experiment that is changed.
c. Dependent Variable – the results of the experiment.
3. Give an example of quantitative data/qualitative data.
a. Quantitative Data – involves numbers. There are 25 students in class.
b. Qualitative Data – involves descriptions. Mrs. Reed has on a White Shirt.
5. List characteristics of living things.
b. All living things require ENERGY.
i. Stimulus – change in the environment.
d. All living things reproduce.
e. All living things contain DNA.
f. All living thing GROW and DEVELOP.
i. Growth – increase in size.
6. What is homeostasis? Internal balance in living things.
7. What is metabolism? All the chemical processes that happen in an organism.
better survive and therefore, evolve.
a. Hypothesis – A proposed answer to a scientific question.
is supported by a wide range of evidence.
c. Observation – Using your five senses to collect information about the world around you.
13. How are stimulus and response related? Provide and example of this relationship.
c. Ex: When hot, you sweat, when cold you shiver.
1. List the levels of Ecological organization from most specific to broadest.
3. Give examples of Biotic and Abiotic factors in an environment.
4. What is the difference between habitat and niche?
a. Habitat – where an organism lives.
5. Define symbiosis. Interactions between living things where at least one organism benefits.
a. Describe the 3 types of symbiosis.
b. Give examples of each.
i. Mutualism – bees and flowers, hippos and birds.
ii. Commensalism – Eagle living in a tree.
6. Define and give

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.507023
Retrieved Text: Fellow member rahuldandekar has already started a topic called ‘Consciousness’. However for consciousness there should exist life. By A. J. Oparin’s suggestion, we all know that life first appeared in the sea. The amino acids, proteins, carbohydrates are not living but their complex compound protoplasm is a living substance. Also, it can multiply itself (here I mean it can produce more matter than that already given) or in simple words the substance grows. Still the compounds mentioned above cannot do so. So, what exactly is life? Please let me know what you feel about the distinction between living and non-living and how you think life grows.
There is no corresct answer. There&#39;s no specific answer. It&#39;s a theoretical question.
What is life? Why should we care? We are living things - it distinguishes us from most things in the universe.
There are so many every day notions, therefore can anything meaningful enough be said to define life?
You can see that one question clearly leads to many more.
Yes, but to elaborate a bit...life is anything that has a carbon backbone as the basic constituents of its organic compounds, and all things that can be classified as "living" have some sort of membrane...organelles, nuclei, selectively permeable lipid bilayers, etc...which is why viruses cannot be considered "living."
Here (http://www.universetoday.com/forum/index.php?showtopic=1697&hl=cosmological+expansion) are some ideas about life.
In summary the valence charges of carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen are such that as they bounce around in the protostellar cloud, as well as in the later evolving more dense environments, they form ever more complex molecules leading to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.424032
Retrieved Text: In humans is it possible to fertilize a ovum with another ovum from the same female subject?
I already found some works in which the ovum is fertilized by a somatic cell (see e.g. this ), but I am looking for fertilization specifically by another ovum.
Around a year ago I found in the internet a Japanese (ongoing) study on this, but cannot locate it any more.
Consider that somatic cells are properly diploid. Whereas an ovum itself just contains a haploid number of chromosomes. In typical sexual reproduction the sperm fertilizes the ovum which would than bring the chromosome number to to correct tally. So combining the genetic material in two ovum should bring the chromosome count to the correct tally as well, but scientists would need to somehow motivate the activities that happen when typical sexual reproduction occurs. It's likely very challenging to do that if not highly improbable. Should it work, this process could only produce female children.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged molecular-genetics reproduction human-genetics cytogenetics or ask your own question.
The probability of indirect human fertilization?
Why does the ovum prefers to be arrested at metaphase 2 of meosis before fertilization? What is the possible advantage of this process?
Why are so many spermatozoa produced when only one of them fertilises the ovum?
What is the need for lobules in (human) testicles?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.389093
Retrieved Text: Explain the importance of reproduction in organisms.
Describe the process of fertilization in human beings.
Choose the most appropriate answer.
Give two differences between a zygote and a foetus.
Define asexual reproduction. Describe two methods of asexual reproduction in animals.
In which female reproductive organ does the embryo get embedded?
What is metamorphosis? Give examples.
Differentiate between internal fertilization and external fertilization.
Complete the crossword puzzle using the hints given below.
NCERT solutions for Class 8 Science chapter 9 (Reproduction in Animals) include all questions with solution and detail explanation. This will clear students doubts about any question and improve application skills while preparing for board exams. The detailed, step-by-step solutions will help you understand the concepts better and clear your confusions, if any. Shaalaa.com has the CBSE Science Textbook For Class 8 solutions in a manner that help students grasp basic concepts better and faster.
Concepts covered in Class 8 Science chapter 9 Reproduction in Animals are Modes of Reproduction, Concept of Sexual Reproduction, Concept of Asexual Reproduction.
Using NCERT Class 8 solutions Reproduction in Animals exercise by students are an easy way to prepare for the exams, as they involve solutions arranged chapter-wise also page wise. The questions involved in NCERT Solutions are important questions that can be asked in the final exam. Maximum students of CBSE Class 8 prefer NCERT Textbook Solutions to score more in exam.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.295582
Retrieved Text: Bar Rip Stranger Things Custom Shirts for Men and Women Print by theroyaltees. I use only quality shirts such as Fruit of the Loom and Gildan. The process used to make the shirt is the latest in ink to garment technology which is also eco-friendly, available for men and women size. The picture will be printed using Direct To Garment (DTG) Printing Technology in full color with durable photo quality reproduction NOT use heat transfer method.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.273996
Retrieved Text: Each of the sections below present the essential questions that students will tackle during each of the four main units. Where/when possible, they are grouped by topic.
4. What new substances are made when materials burn in air or oxygen?
5. What is produced when fuels burn?
6. What is needed for things to burn?
5. How might the standard particle model explain the observable (and documented) phenomena that we see within a stream ecosystem?
4. Is there a limit to the amount of solid that will dissolve in a liquid?
5. What else affects solubility?
1. How many different materials are there inside of insects?
2. How many different materials are there outside of insects?
1. How is energy from insects involved in doing useful things?
2. How can we reduce overall energy waste by using insects?
1. What are humans made of? What are humans made from?
2. How can using a microscope give us information about the internal structure of humans?
3. What are human cells like?
4. What do human cells do?
5. How are new human cells made?
1. How does the new life of a human begin?
2. When can human fertilization take place?
3. How is the human embryo supported by the parent as it develops?
4. What do human embryos need to survive?
5. How do humans change as they grow?
6. How is human reproduction similar to and different from reproduction in other living organisms, such as other animals and plants?
1. How do individual insects differ from each other?
2. What are the causes of this variation between individual insects?
3. How can we describe insects?
4. How can we sort

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.235006
Retrieved Text: All living things (organisms) have a life cycle. They are born, grow up, reproduce and die. Different groups of organisms (species) have different kinds of life cycles. Reproduction is the key to the all species' survival. Yet the life cycle of an insect is very different from the life cycle of a mammal or a reptile. Even plants have life cycles.
In this collection of resources, activities, assessment and visual aids, see the life cycles of many kinds of animals and plants illustrated for you to examine. Print them out as posters or try a life cycle activity. Build a life cycle model to compare and contrast different life cycles.
K-2 Parents and offspring often engage in behaviors that help the offspring survive.
3-5 Reproduction is essential to every kind of organism. Organisms have unique and diverse life cycles.
6-8 Animals engage in behaviors that increase the odds of reproduction. An organism’s growth is affected by both genetic and environmental factors.
9-12 Growth and division of cells in organisms occurs by mitosis and differentiation for specific cell types.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.077454
Retrieved Text: Monteiro, Luana; Brinke, M.; dos Santos, G.; Traunspurger, WalterUniBi; Moens, T.
Toxicity tests, using single species bioassays, are a promising way to understand the biological effects of toxicants. The aims of this study are: (a) to assess sublethal effect concentrations of the heavy metals Pb, Zn and Ni for the free-living nematode Caenorhabditis elegans using a liquid assay focussing on growth and reproduction as endpoints; and (b) to test a behavioural assay with taxis to food in polluted vs unpolluted food spots as an endpoint. In general, reproduction and behaviour proved to be much more sensitive endpoints than growth. Different endpoints, however, did not always yield concordant results. As an example, Ni already affected growth and reproduction at lower concentrations than did Zn and Pb, but did not affect taxis to food, not even at strongly elevated Ni concentrations. Taxis towards polluted food spots was deferentially affected by different metals and metal concentrations: nematodes avoided food spots containing low concentrations (1-2 mg L-1) of Zn and Pb and very high concentrations of Ni. By contrast, they preferred food spots polluted with Ni at 1 mg L-1 over unpolluted food. Pb at high concentration (129 mg L-1) was the only metal which interfered with food finding, i.e. C elegans did not exhibit a significant taxis to either polluted or unpolluted food spots. We conclude that a combination of growth, reproduction and behavioural assays provides a more complete picture and allows a better assessment of the different modes of action of pollutants and their corresponding effect concentrations. (C) 2014

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.046738
Retrieved Text: Infertility is not something that is being a threat to most of the younger generation couples. The chances of infertility have doubled in the past 5 years. There could be multiple reasons for infertility to occur but before getting into them that we need to analyze why some is getting affected by infertility and what are the possible cures or treatment for infertility. Infertility is a condition by which male or female is unable to take part in the natural reproduction process – by this we do not mean physically but by hormones and cells. To dive deep into this and explain, let us first take the male for example. Sperm is the male productive cell which is responsible to fertilize the egg to form the embryo. When there is an absence of sperms or when the sperm count is low, the fertilization process will not happen as expected. There are also conditions when the sperm cells are weak that they are not able to reach the uterus to mate with the egg cell. All these conditions are called male infertility. Since infertility is a condition and not a disease, it can be reversed. But most of the times, due to poor lifestyle choices, this condition is not reversible and men are left with no other option other than to visit the best IVF center in Bangalore or any other city they belong to.
As a person, both male and female have to take good care of their health. They need to understand the possible future they

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is the transmission of genes?" and the following answer choices: 
- Reproduction
 - Cancer
 - Sex
 - Pollination
 - Most plants
 - mechanical
 - by indirect light
 - a wave

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and through reproduction, the parents transmit genes to the offspring, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Reproduction

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 20.854557
Retrieved Text: Researchers have taken the first step on a path that eventually could result in female mosquitoes that no longer bite and spread diseases.
A group of scientists at the University of Birmingham, University of Oregon, Oregon Health and Science University, University of Notre Dame, and The Ohio State University methodically identified 902 genes related to blood feeding and 478 genes linked to non-blood feeding from the mosquito Wyeomyia smithii.
The method used to isolate genes in this research, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, will now be used in other species with a goal to isolate universal non-biting genes across multiple diseases.
Professor John Colbourne, of the School of Biosciences at the University of Birmingham, said: “The spread of blood-borne diseases by mosquitoes relies on their taking a blood meal; if there is no bite, there is no disease transmission.
Dr William Bradshaw, of the University of Oregon, said: "We'll see what comparable genes pop out of these other species and identify commonalities.
This could provide pharmaceutical targets for non-toxic inhibitors that could be developed to turn off biting genes but also allow mosquito populations to thrive and keep their place in the food chain, the researchers said.
Dr Chrisrina Holzapfel, also of the University of Oregon, added: "We are seeking the genes that are in the transition between biting and non-biting.
"The reason we are seeking those genes is because if we can figure out how to incapacitate biting genes, that would mitigate vector-borne disease worldwide. If there is no bite, there is no disease transmission, period."
The research initially

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.467697
Retrieved Text: Molecular foundation of genetics. Geneticists name these cut up genes.) Further complications come up as a result of the splicing of exons in some instances is executed differentially in numerous tissue types and at different developmental levels. Expressed DNA that codes for the synthesis of a protein is the final objective for scientists and this expressed DNA is obtained by isolating mRNA ( Messenger RNA ).
The concept that genes are segments in a DNA double helix provides a straightforward answer to this question. And this linear sequence corresponds to the linear sequence of triplets of nucleotides in RNA (codons), which in turn corresponds to the linear sequence of nucleotides in segments of DNA, and this latter phase is the gene for that polypeptide.
He argues that, with some rare exceptions, biological sciences haven’t got legal guidelines. The base system of analysis revolves round general genetics. Reverse genetics uses the strategies to find out what is missing in a genetic code or what might be added to vary that code.
Hence, all offspring were heterozygous (pr / +). Having defined the genetic makeup of the progeny by tracing the transmission of genes from mother and father to offspring, we can proceed to the second stage of the explanation: drawing an inference about phenotypic appearances.
In fact, not each string of nucleotides in DNA is a gene; segments of DNA are identified as genes in line with what they do (see under). The subfield of psychology that research the molecular structure and performance of genes. However modern geneticists additionally take into

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.397156
Retrieved Text: "Implementation of a genetic screen to elucidate proteins important for chromosome transmission"
Genetics.; Chromosomes.; Genes.; Genetic screening.; Genetics--Research.
The process of cell division is highly regulated in eukaryotic cells. Failure to transmit chromosomes accurately during cell division can result in cell death or abnormal growth (e.g., tumors). Proteins that associate in multisubunit complexes required for chromosome replication, structure, and segregation (e.g. histones) are typically expressed in the cell at precise levels. Alteration of these levels could lead to inappropriate stoichiometries of the complex subunits, possibly resulting in an abnormal complex structure and/or function. Students in Drake University's BIO106: Research in Genetics course designed and implemented a genetic screen to identify genes important for chromosome transmission. This screen involves a visual assay of the segregation of a yeast artificial chromosome (YAC) in cells tranformed with high copies of yeast genes. An increased copy number of a gene is expected to be correlated with increased amounts of the protein product. Transformation of a YAC-containing yeast strain with a high copy yeast genomic library resulted in 12,625 transformants. A visual screen of these transformants for YAC instability indicated that 123 display higher levels of YAC loss than the control strain; 40 were severely defective in chromosome segregation. In addition to characterization of these high copy plasmid transformants, the specific yeast genes responsible for chromosome instability when present at high copy will be identified. This genetic screen is expected to elucidate proteins that are components of multisubunit complexes that play a role in chromosome transmission.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.26288
Retrieved Text: Folate Deficiency in a Father’s Diet Could Cause Negative Pregnancy Outcomes by Changing Sperm Epigenome | What is Epigenetics?
Scientists at McGill University, Canada reported that folate deficiency in a father’s diet could increase birth defects in the offspring by altering sperm epigenome. These defects include craniofacial and musculoskeletal malformations.
The scientists fed male mice either a folate-deficient or folate-sufficient diet throughout life and then performed genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and subsequent functional analysis to identify differential methylation in sperm of genes implicated in development, and chronic diseases such as cancer, diabetes, autism and schizophrenia.
They found that >300 genes are differentially expressed in offspring placenta, but only two correspond to genes with differential methylation in sperm. Their results suggest that sperm histone H3 methylation or DNA methylation could be involved in epigenetic transmission and indicates that adequate dietary folate in the father is also essential for offspring health.
Get a free preview of our new e-book Epigenetics in Life: What We Eat, which explores different foods that may adjust epigenetic tags on DNA.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.99978
Retrieved Text: Human society contains both â€˜good guysâ€™ (e.g. scientists) who broadly make positive contributions and "bad guys" (e.g. thieves) who make negative contributions. Even if we tend to interact with mostly good guys, our everyday lives are nevertheless shaped by the bad guys: we lock our houses, store our money in banks, and password protect our computers. An outsider studying human behavior could never understand the motives for such behaviors without knowledge of the existence of bad guys and the tactics they employ.
Analogously, genomes also contain â€˜good genesâ€™ that promote the health of an organism and "bad genes" that promote their own survival at the expense of their host. Just as bad guys shape our daily lives, parasitic bad genes can affect crucial cellular processes. This is especially true of gametogenesis, the process that generates eggs and sperm. In gametogenesis, bad genes often cheat the process to ensure their transmission into the next generation. As bad genes are ubiquitous, we can never fully understand gametogenesis and the origins of infertility without identifying the bad genes and learning about the tactics they employ.
Meiotic drivers are one type of bad gene. These DNA parasites exploit gametogenesis to bias their own transmission. Instead of being transmitted to 50% of gametes (e.g. sperm) like regular alleles, meiotic drive alleles can be transmitted into up to 100% of functional gametes. We are studying the wtf family of meiotic drive genes in the fission yeast, Schizosaccharomyces pombe. We aim to uncover the strategies used by wtf genes and explore how they have affected

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.971643
Retrieved Text: Meme: an information pattern, held in an individual's memory, which is capable of being copied to another individual's memory.
Cultural evolution, including the evolution of knowledge, can be modelled through the same basic principles of variation and selection that underly biological evolution. This implies a shift from genes as units of biological information to a new type of units of cultural information: memes.
A meme is a cognitive or behavioral pattern that can be transmitted from one individual to another one. Since the individual who transmitted the meme will continue to carry it, the transmission can be interpreted as a replication: a copy of the meme is made in the memory of another individual, making him or her into a carrier of the meme. This process of self-reproduction (the memetic life-cycle), leading to spreading over a growing group of individuals, defines the meme as a replicator, similar in that respect to the gene (Dawkins, 1976; Moritz, 1991).
the more faithful the copy, the more will remain of the initial pattern after several rounds of copying. If a painting is reproduced by making photocopies from photocopies, the underlying pattern will quickly become unrecognizable.
the faster the rate of copying, the more the replicator will spread. An industrial printing press can churn out many more copies of a text than an office copying machine.
the longer any instance of the replicating pattern survives, the more copies can be made of it. A drawing made by etching lines in the sand is likely to be erased before anybody could have photographed or otherwise reproduced

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.657976
Retrieved Text: Re: OT: What? the clean-shaven outnumber the bearded? "Yer Ugly Mug," etc.
> Would you assert the same about male and female heterosexuality?
transmission of genes to the next generation.
> >number of her elder siblings of either gender.
> Or it's yet another case of "lesbians don't get AIDS".

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.187616
Retrieved Text: Alternative forms of a gene are called ________.
Name the single individual whose work in the mid-1800s contributed to our understanding of the particulate nature of inheritance as well as the basic genetic transmission patterns. With which organism did this person work?
All EXCEPT which one of the following factors were crucial to the success of Gregor Mendel's experiments?
How could the botanist best determine whether the genotype of the green-pod plant is homozygous or heterozygous?
Cross the green-pod plant with a yellow-pod plant.
which two genotypes in an individual would be expressed as the same phenotype in a diploid organism?
Assume that a black guinea pig crossed with an albino guinea pig produced 5 black offspring. When the albino was crossed with a second black guinea pig, 4 black and 3 albino offspring were produced. What genetic explanation would apply to these data?
Tightly curled or wooly hair is caused by a dominant gene in humans. If a heterozygous curly-haired person marries a person with straight hair, what percentage of their offspring would be expected to have straight hair?
The 3:1 phenotypic ratio observed among progeny of an F1 X F1 cross requires random union of gametes.
Of the methods listed below, which would be the best way to determine which of two alleles of a gene is dominant to the other?
Observe the relevant phenotype in the progeny that result from a cross between individuals from two different pure-breeding lines.
Which of the following groups of scientists were influential around the year 1900 in setting the stage for our present understanding of transmission genetics?
Suppose that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.075737
Retrieved Text: A recent Wall Avenue Journal article (Nov. Their curiosity extends far past understanding molecular genetics.” They hope to learn about the ideas employed in many various areas and contexts of biology by spotting variations in the way biologists from different areas (and biologists in different age teams, sexes, etc.) reply refined questionnaires.
What the explanatory reasoning depends upon is the distinction precept, that is, the precept that some distinction within the gene causes certain phenotypic variations specifically genetic and environmental contexts (part 2.1). Many gene-based explanations in modern biology are best understood by way of the classical gene concept and the difference principle.
Hence, in line with her account, there are usually not process molecular genes for tRNA (switch RNA), rRNA (ribosomal RNA) or snRNA (small nuclear RNA). Entry to Science (or comparable) with forty five Stage three credits: 33 must be from models awarded at Distinction (including 15 credits in Chemistry and 15 credits in Biology), with the remaining 12 Level 3 credit at Merit.
The master’s specialisation Molecular Genetics and Biotechnology integrates genetics, molecular biology, and biotechnology into a lovely programme, with glorious career perspectives. Classical genetics nonetheless finds a easy approach to explain transmission phenomena by interesting to the distinction precept, in keeping with which specific variations in particular genes trigger particular variations in phenotypic traits in particular contexts (see section 2.1). Sturtevant alludes to this principle within the first sentence of the citation above and once more in the emphasised clause.
What the explanatory reasoning is determined by is the distinction principle, that is, the precept

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.947742
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Bucher Lab website.
Epigenetics describes fascinating biological processes that allow the transmission of "memory" from one cell to another. This "memory" can be of developmental origin (where does a cell come from) but can also include the perception of environmental stimuli. Epigenetic "memory" can for instance be transmitted via the expression state of genes ("on" or "off"). This means that a cell will not only pass its genes on to the next generation but it can also inform the next generation about the expression state of some of its genes. We want to better understand the epigenetic mechanisms involved in this "memory" transmission and then apply this knowledge in crop breeding.
We are studying very fundamental epigenetic mechanisms that are involved in the control of gene expression in plants. We have developed tools that allow forward genetic mutant screens that allow us to discover novel proteins involved in this control. We are also very interested in transposable elements and how they may contribute to the adaptation to environmental stresses.
We are developing tools in order to study epigenetic diversity in crop plants and to apply epigenetics in breeding and crop improvement.
Very recently we produced a very high quality apple genome and epigenome.
We have now just started an ERC project to develop a new breeding technology that takes advantage of transposable elements.
Bioinformatics has become absolutely essential in biology. We are producing genomes and genome-wide data (transcriptomes, whole genome re-sequencing) and develop genome browsers to allow all researchers to access our published works. A nice example is our

########
Rank: 10
Score: 18.93171
Retrieved Text: Chen, WM and Deng, HW. A general and accurate approach for computing the statistical power of the transmission disequilibrium test for complex disease genes. Genetic epidemiology. 2001, JUL. 21(1):53-67.
Deng, HW and Chen, WM. The power of the transmission disequilibrium test (TDT) with both case-parent and control-parent trios. Genetical research. 2001, DEC. 78(3):289-302.
Deng, HW; Chen, WM; Recker, RR. Population admixture: Detection by Hardy-Weinberg test and its quantitative effects on linkage-disequilibrium methods for localizing genes underlying complex traits. Genetics. 2001, FEB. 157(2):885-897.
Recker, RR and Heaney, RP. The role of combination treatment for osteoporosis. Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism. 2001, MAY. 86(5):1888-1889.
Recker, RR; Lappe, JM; Davies, M.; Heaney, RP. Perimenopausal bone loss: Principally due to estrogen depletion - Reply. Journal of Bone and Mineral Research. 2001, DEC. 16(12):2367.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.803131
Retrieved Text: Genetics is the branch of Biology that deals with inheritance of traits and attributes such as height and eye-colour. We physically resemble our biological parents or siblings because we share a common genetic heritage. The physical agents of transmission through inheritance are called genes. The BSc Genetics teaches you to understand how genes work in individuals and populations. This knowledge is fundamental to all areas of biological study, as genes carry the information which largely determines what we are and how we function in the environment. In this course, there is particular emphasis on the molecular basis of genetics, but all facets are covered throughout the degree and all graduates have a strong foundation in modern genetics.
This is a four year BSc (Hons) degree outlet from the CK405 CAO entry stream, taught jointly with the School of Microbiology. Year 1 is focused on foundation knowledge for Genetics and includes a module dedicated to Principles and Methods in Genetics - how genes work in individuals and populations, and how cutting-edge programmes such as the Human Genome Project revolutionising the way we tackle biological questions. Year 2 is designed to provide fundamental background knowledge in preparation for the specialisation in Genetics in years 3 and 4. Year 4 also includes a three-month project in the laboratory, during which time you receive training in the use of genetic approaches to solve a contemporary question or problem in biology. These projects are based in the departments that contribute to the Genetics course.
For further details, please see the Admissions' Office information

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.771002
Retrieved Text: Genetics is the study of inheritance, uncovering the structure and expression of genes, the genetic basis of traits, interactions between genes and the environment, and the diversification of life on earth. Genomic tools and approaches are revolutionising genetic studies and enabling unprecedented discoveries across all areas of genetics.
Evolutionary, ecological and developmental genetics (and genomics) are notable topics of research strength in our School. Our researchers study a wide array of organisms, from viruses and bacteria to insects, marine animals and plants. Investigatory approaches are diverse as well, drawing on quantitative genetics, molecular genetics, phylogenetics, population genetics, mathematical modeling, manipulative experiments and fieldwork.
Our research has contributed to the discovery of genetic basis of insecticide resistance, genetic and epigenetic interactions between hosts and pathogens, novel approaches in blocking transmission of vector-borne diseases, chemical attractants that may help control Crown-of-Thorns starfish outbreaks, and genetically-informed conservation strategies.
See our range of research projects.
Contact one of our genetics experts.
What are the consequences of using consensus trees in phylogenetic comparative analyses?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.648321
Retrieved Text: Wolbachia are bacteria that occur widely in insects and, once they do, inhibit certain pathogenic viruses the insects carry. The problem with using Wolbachia broadly to protect humans is that the bacteria do not normally occur in mosquitoes that transmit Zika and dengue. So success in modifying mosquitoes relies on the bacteria's cunning ability to spread like wildfire into mosquito populations.
"In this new study, we've dissected a simple set of Wolbachia genes that replicate how Wolbachia change sperm and egg" Bordenstein said. "There are two genes that cause the incompatibility, and one of those same genes rescues the incompatibility. Engineering mosquitoes or Wolbachia for expression of these two genes could enhance or cause the spread of Wolbachia through target mosquito populations."
Their achievement is based on inserting genes into the genome of fruit flies. It is described in a paper appearing today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, "A single prophage WO gene rescues cytoplasmic incompatibility in Drosophila melanogaster."
In a previous study last year, the team identified the two genes in Wolbachia—named cytoplasmic incompatibility factors cifA and cifB—and learned that they modify the sperm to kill eggs. Now they solved the other half of the genetic mystery: cifA single-handedly can protect embryos from death.
"It's a microbial encryption and de-encryptyion system that ensures Wolbachia spread through insect populations so they can adequately block the transmission of viruses and ultimately save lives" Bordenstein said.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.631746
Retrieved Text: The Project is dedicated to those eager to learn about, experience and put into practice the wisdom traditions taught by the great spiritual leaders of humanity.
*The termÂ memeÂ refers to aÂ unit of cultural information, such as a practice or idea, that is transmitted verbally or by repeated action from one mind to another in a comparable way to the transmission of genes (Wiktionary).Â The concept of meme is proposed by biologist, Richard Dawkins. Philosopher Daniel Dennett and psychologist Susan Blackmore, who also support meme theory, regard memes as cultural analogues to genes in that they self-replicate, mutate, and respond to selective pressures.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.307663
Retrieved Text: Are You Living Out Ancestor Trauma?
An area of psychological research that I am currently fascinated with is intergenerational psychology. It includes the idea that responses to pain and suffering can be transmitted genetically. I call it Ancestor Trauma. We’ve all heard that our genes may be loaded guns for physical ailments like heart disease and cancer. And certainly many mental health illnesses, like schizophrenia, have a genetic link. But what about run-of-the mill anxiety and depression? Could the roots of our fears and wacky responses to stress lie with our ancestors? The answer, it appears, is yes.
Most of the research to date has been done on worms, mice and rats, but one human study of holocaust survivors and their children shows some chilling results. A team at New York’s Mount Sinai hospital looked at the genes of thirty-two Jewish women and men who had been imprisoned in WWII concentration camps, were tortured, or lived in fear for years while hiding. Then they analyzed the genes of their children, adults in the United States who had never seen a war zone. The researchers found genetic changes in the gene that produces and monitors stress hormones — important because this influences how an individual reacts and copes with stress.
While genetic transmission of trauma is one piece of intergenerational psychology, a family system’s emotional communication — or lack there of — closes the deal. This is the clever beauty of the nature verses nurture debate. There is no debate. It’s always both. Our environment works to suppress or enliven

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.171928
Retrieved Text: Investigating the apparent murder of a man, Sherlock Holmes called on his old pals at the Health Center of Hillsborough, the chiropractors who work with certain life and death issues. Was this really murder?
The doctors there looked at the pattern of behavior leading to this death. They told Holmes the facts. That only about 10% of the trillions of cells in a human body are actually human!
10% of the cells in a human body are human!
90% of the cells in the human body are bacteria, viruses and other microbes, mostly in the digestive system and on the skin. We have more DNA from microbes than we have DNA from our own body tissue. 90% of the cells in a human body are microbes!
The genes of these microbes are more responsible for human survival than the genes of our own human body! In the human body, we have 22,333 human genes and about 8,000,000 microbe genes.
For example, the energy we need to make our muscles contract comes from tiny cells in our body called mitochondria. Originally these cells were parasites and stayed with us all through our development to become an integral part of all the cells of our body. Yes, mitochondria still have their own genes, different from ours.
The doctors said that just as we need air and water to live, we need our microbes. A person who has lost their good microbes is a person who is likely to become overweight, sick and deathly.
So what part of us is human and what part of us

########
Rank: 17
Score: 18.138975
Retrieved Text: Evolutionary psychologists' explanations for current behavior based on the evolution of behavior in time-distant ancestral environments are said to be ultimate explanations. They use the word ultimate in the primary sense of furthest back in time, remote, or distant. Neurobiological theories of behavior are said to be proximal explanations, in the sense that they are closely and directly linked to our current biological functioning. From a proximal neurobiological perspective, the present evidence that personality disorders have a neurobiological basis is beyond question. Debates now center on such issues as the extent of the contribution of genes to personality disordered behavior and the malleability and limits to the amelioration of personality disorders. Also of question are what particular interventions are necessary for changing personality disordered behavior and whether these interventions change across the life span.
Now let us explore the parameters of what is meant by a biological basis for a personality disorder. The major parameter for a biological basis of any behavior is genes. Genes are actually locations along chromosomes, which are structures inside the nucleus of cells. A particular gene location consists of a double strand of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), which is made up of only four amino acids—adenine, thymine, cytosine, and gua-nine. These amino acids accomplish two main tasks: First, their own replication (and thus, survival of the greater organism); second, the coding of larger protein molecules, which in turn control nearly all other functions of living organisms, including such basic tasks as respiration, heart rate, blood pressure, and digestion and such higher level functions

########
Rank: 18
Score: 18.023235
Retrieved Text: EUGENE, Ore. - Dec. 19, 2017 - Researchers have taken the first step on a path that eventually could result in female mosquitoes that no longer bite and spread diseases.
Led by University of Oregon biologists William E. Bradshaw and Christina M. Holzapfel, a nine-member team of scientists at five institutions methodically sorted out 902 genes related to blood feeding and 478 genes linked to non-blood feeding from the mosquito Wyeomyia smithii.
The species, commonly known as pitcher plant mosquitoes, is found in swamps and bogs along the east coast of North America from north Florida into Canada. The species completes its pre-adult life cycle in the water of pitcher plants.
The approach used in isolating the genes -- reported in a study published Dec. 18 in the online Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences -- will be pursued in other species. The goal is to isolate universal non-biting genes across multiple disease vectors, said Bradshaw and Holzapfel, who are members of the UO's Institute of Ecology and Evolution.
The next species to come under focus will be: common house mosquitoes (Culex pipiens), which spread many encephalitis diseases, West Nile virus and heartworm; Asian tiger mosquitoes (Aedes albopictus), which is spreading rapidly in the United States and carries, among other viruses, dengue, Zika and yellow fever; and the African malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
"We'll see what comparable genes pop out of these other species and identify commonalities," Bradshaw said. "We will continue this process, the end point of which will be the identification of universal non-biting

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.839888
Retrieved Text: Molecular biology is experiencing the paradigm change, having become data-rich science. It has become possible to study the cell as a whole, to analyze all metabolic pathways or regulatory interactions simultaneously. Bioinformatics is a key tool of obtaining new knowledge from large-scale, so-called "omics" data. New methods are needed to derive biological facts from huge amounts of data, on the top of technical issues of storage and transmission. Analyzing omics data we can predict the functions of genes and the regulation of their expression.
At the ultimate step, bioinformatic approaches allow one to predict the properties of the organism given its genome; to a large extent this problem has already been solved for bacteria. From the fundamental point of view, bioinformatics unites with molecular evolution and comparative genomics in its attempts to understand the mechanisms of evolution of proteins, genes, regulatory networks and entire genomes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.802065
Retrieved Text: Autism is one of the most genetically determined neuropsychiatric disorders. The risk for first-degree relatives is approximately 100-fold higher than the risk in the general population and the concordance in monozygotic (MZ) twins (60-90%) is much higher than the concordance in dizygotic (DZ) twins (~3%). Although specific genes implicated in autism have not been firmly identified, mutations in two members of the neuroligin family of cell adhesion molecules have been reported. Recent findings suggest that alterations in neuroligin function may result in an imbalance in excitatory to inhibitory synaptic transmission. These findings are consistent with a recent model for autism which proposes that enhanced neuronal excitability is the leading cause for autism. In this chapter we briefly discuss the difficulties encountered in identifying genes implicated in autism. We propose that advances in understanding the biological mechanism of synapse development will help to overcome these difficulties.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.796268
Retrieved Text: If these notions make you cringe, you’re not alone. Many non-Jews find them offensive. Actually, scratch that. I have no idea whether non-Jews find them offensive. But I imagine that they do, which is why Jews like me wince at any suggestion of Jewish genetic superiority. We don’t even want to talk about it.
Actually, a bunch of us did talk about it, three days ago at a forum at the American Enterprise Institute. The main speaker was Jon Entine, an AEI fellow and author of a new book, Abraham’s Children: Race, Identity, and the DNA of the Chosen People. He was joined by fellow AEI scholar Charles Murray and by Laurie Zoloth, a bioethicist at Northwestern University. Entine and Zoloth are Jewish. Murray isn’t but talks as though he wishes he were. “One of my thesis advisers at MIT was a Sephardic Jew,” he announced proudly, turning the old “some of my best friends” cliché upside down.
Entine laid out the data. The average IQ of Ashkenazi Jews is 107 to 115, well above the human average of 100. This gap and the genetic theories surrounding it stirred discomfort in the room. Zoloth, speaking for many liberals, recalled a family member’s revulsion at the idea of a Jewish race. Judaism is about faith and values, she argued. To reduce it to biology is to make it exclusive, denying its openness to all. Worse, to suggest that Jews are genetically smart is to imply that non-Jews are inherently inferior, in violation of Jewish commitments to equality and compassion.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.741255
Retrieved Text: Nakagawa, Yusuke and Kawaguchi, Yoshihiko and Twells, Rebecca C. J. and Muxworthy, Claire E. and Hunter, Kara M. D. and Wilson, Amanda J. and Merriman, Marilyn E. and Cox, Roger D. and Merriman, Tony R. and Cucca, Francesco and McKinney, Patricia A. and Shield, Julian P. and Tuomilehto, Jaakko and Tuomilehto Wolf, Eva and Ionescu Tirgoviste, Constantin and Nisticò, Lorenza and Buzzetti, Raffaella and Pozzilli, Paolo and Joner, Geir and Thorsby, Erik and Undlien, Dag Erik and Pociot, Flemming and Nerup, Jørn and Ronningen, Kjersti Skjold and Bain, Stephen Charles and Todd, John A. (1998) Fine mapping of the diabetes-susceptibility locus, IDDM4, on chromosome 11q13. American Journal of Human Genetics, Vol. 63 (2), p. 547-556. eISSN 1537-6605. Article.
Genomewide linkage studies of type 1 diabetes (or insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [IDDM]) indicate that several unlinked susceptibility loci can explain the clustering of the disease in families. One such locus has been mapped to chromosome 11q13 (IDDM4). In the present report we have analyzed 707 affected sib pairs, obtaining a peak multipoint maximum LOD score (MLS) of 2.7 (λs = 1.09) with linkage (MLS ≥ 0.7) extending over a 15-cM region. The problem is, therefore, to fine map the locus to permit structural analysis of positional candidate genes. In a two-stage approach, we first scanned the 15-cM linked region for increased or decreased transmission, from heterozygous parents to affected siblings in 340 families, of the three most common alleles of each of 12 microsatellite loci. One of the 36 alleles showed decreased transmission (50% expected, 45.1% observed [P =

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.708721
Retrieved Text: Question: How does epigenetic inheritance from sperm affect zygotic gene expression?
The Epigenome Browser provides epigenetic data, such as sequencing-based DNA methylations in sperm and histone modifications in sperm. The "Advanced Search" option performs an 'AND' search operator with the given thresholds.
As an example, we entered an asterisk (*, a wildcard that matches all gene names) into the Gene field, then selected "SPR_Histone_Erkek_+-2KfromTSS" from the Table selection field (Step 2). We have set the advanced search option with >1.0 for H3K4me_1, H3K4me_2, H3K27me_1, and H3K27me_2 (Step 3). This setting implies that gene promoters (+-2kbp from TSS) are marked by all four ChIP replications of the histones in sperm (i.e. 2-fold enrichment in ChIP against input). This returns 3,543 genes (Step 4-1).
In addition, the setting of the advanced search option with <=1.0 for the four ChIP experiments (i.e. marked by neither histone modifications) returns 3,686 genes (Step 4-2). User can download these results as text file by selecting "TSV+Gene expression (V2.0)" from the Output format field, then can use them for further analyses (Step 5).
Since this output format provides FPKMs and expression patterns also, for example, users can analyze whether fertilization-specific genes (see CASE 1 also) are marked by those histone modifications in sperm; after gathering genes that were not expressed at both p1C and p4C (<=1.0 in FPKMs) but were expressed at least one stage (>1.0 in FPKMs), we could prepare 658 and 901 genes that were marked by both histone modifications and by neither histone modifications, respectively. The distribution of FPKMs of these genes along the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.689617
Retrieved Text: Abstract: Background: NAT genes are considered candidate genes for the genetic predisposition to non-syndromic Cleft lip with or without cleft palate (NSCLP), since they codify for N-acetyltransferases, enzymes responsible for the biotransformation of arylamines, hydrazine drugs, and a great number of toxins and carcinogens present in diet, cigarette smoke, and environment. Aim: To determine the association between alleles determining slow acetylator phenotype and the risk of NSCLP. Material and methods: We analyzed *5 (481C>T), *6 (590G>A) and *7 (857G>A) alleles which determine the slow acetylator phenotype and *4 (wild type) allele by polymerase chain reaction/restriction fragment length polymorphism in 97 progenitor-case trios of NSCLP in Argentinian Obstetric Wards. We evaluated the transmission disequilibrium (TDT). Results: TDT showed a positive association between allele *5 and NSCLP (odds ratio=1.6; p=0.03). Conclusions: The presence of *5 allele is significantly higher in cases with congenital NSCLP.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.686922
Retrieved Text: In this study, zinc oxide nanoparticles (ZnO-NPs) were synthesized using the extract of Hyssops officinalis L. via green method and confirmed by transmission electron microscopy, field emission scanning electron microscopy, X-ray powder diffraction and Fourier transforms infrared spectroscopy techniques. In the in vivo section, the anti-angiogenesis and anti-inflammatory properties of the NPs were evaluated by the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) assay and mouse paw edema test (induced by carrageenan), respectively. In the in vitro section, changes in the expression of angiogenesis genes (VEGF and VEGFR) and inflammatory genes (IL-1B and IL-10) were investigated by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction technique. In order to evaluate the cytotoxicity of ZnO-NPs, 3-5, 4-dimethylthiazol-2-yl) -5, 2-tetrazolium bromide (MTT) test was used on MDA-MB231 breast adenocarcinoma cell line. The results of the CAM assay showed that the ZnO-NPs significantly reduced the number and length of blood vessels, as well as the size and weight of the embryos. Evaluation of mouse paw edema showed that the NPs are able to decrease inflammation. Changes in the expression pattern of VEGF and VEGFR genes in MCF7 cells showed that the NPs have inhibitory effect on the expression of both genes. Expression levels of IL-10 and IL-1B genes also increased and decreased, respectively. The MTT test showed that the NP have the ability to decrease breast cancer cells. In conclusion, our results confirm that the ZnO-NPs synthesized by green method have promising anti-cancer properties.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.67648
Retrieved Text: Population alteration strategies based on transgenic mosquitoes carrying genes that prevent parasite transmission have a role in the malaria eradication agenda. They can consolidate elimination gains by providing barriers to parasite and competent vector reintroduction, and allow resources to be focused on new sites while providing confidence that treated areas will remain malaria-free. A promising strategy for combating malaria is based on harnessing gene drive systems to spread anti-malarial genes throughout mosquito populations rendering them unable to transmit the parasites. Highly-effective anti-malarial gene cassettes that result in a 100% block in mosquitos of Plasmodium falciparum, the most deadly human malaria parasite, were linked to a gene-drive system based on CRISPR/Cas9 biology, and in laboratory experiments using gene drive spread with 99.5% efficiency in Anopheles stephensi mosquitos, the major malarial mosquito vector in urban India. Challenges remain to be overcome before deploying the system against malaria outside the laboratory. Efficacy and safety have to be demonstrated in carefully controlled field trials. Strategic planning in selecting field-sites, engineered mosquito strains, trial designs and implementation strategies will be required to achieve a successful first field trial of this technology. Furthermore, the trials should use local scientists and adhere to stringent community engagement and regulatory standards. And trials should have an epidemiological endpoint that results in local disease elimination.
Anthony A. James is Distinguished Professor of Microbiology & Molecular Genetic, and Molecular Biology & Biochemistry in the Schools of Medicine and Biological Sciences, respectively, at the University of California, Irvine. Previously, he was a member of the faculty of the Harvard

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.570156
Retrieved Text: Elevated resting heart rate is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality. In a 2-stage meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in up to 181,171 individuals, we identified 14 new loci associated with heart rate and confirmed associations with all 7 previously established loci. Experimental downregulation of gene expression in Drosophila melanogaster and Danio rerio identified 20 genes at 11 loci that are relevant for heart rate regulation and highlight a role for genes involved in signal transmission, embryonic cardiac development and the pathophysiology of dilated cardiomyopathy, congenital heart failure and/or sudden cardiac death. In addition, genetic susceptibility to increased heart rate is associated with altered cardiac conduction and reduced risk of sick sinus syndrome, and both heart rate-increasing and heart rate-decreasing variants associate with risk of atrial fibrillation. Our findings provide fresh insights into the mechanisms regulating heart rate and identify new therapeutic targets.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.505825
Retrieved Text: The complex life cycle of the parasite that causes malaria has made it a difficult foe to beat. But new insights on how the parasite is transmitted from humans to the mosquitoes that spread malaria may lead to new ways to control this deadly disease, which in 2015 affected 212 million people worldwide and resulted in 429,000 deaths—mostly children under age 5.
In a study published Sept. 25 in Nature, a team led by Weill Cornell Medicine investigators Drs. Björn Kafsack and Olivier Elemento describe new genes that are activated once the parasite commits to transmission.
To be successful, the Plasmodium falciparum parasite must balance the need to multiply in order to maintain an infection in a human’s blood cells with the need to spread to new humans. The asexual form of the parasite, which is responsible for the clinical symptoms of malaria, is able to continuously multiply in human red blood cells. In order to spread, however, some of the parasites must change into the non-replicating male and female forms. Mosquitos pick up these sexual forms when they bite an infected person and spread it to other humans during subsequent bites.
“The parasites have to balance this ‘Should I stay or Should I go?’ decision,” said senior author Dr. Björn Kafsack, an assistant professor of microbiology and immunology at Weill Cornell Medicine.
Learning more about how the parasites commit to becoming one form or the other could aid control efforts. Dr. Kafsack explained that scientists had long known that the parasites make the decision to commit to either the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.502579
Retrieved Text: Parasites of the trypanosomatid protozoan genus Leishmania are responsible for a spectrum of tropical diseases, afflicting more than 10 million people worldwide; depending on the species and immune status of the infected person, this disease can be severe or fatal. In Brasil, Africa and the Mediterranean basin, leishmaniasis is a common opportunistic infection in AIDS patients, many US soldiers now stationed in the Middle East have been infected, and there is a worrisome sense that Leishmania species may be emerging or expanding in the US. The surface of the Leishmania parasite is covered by a complex carbohydrate glycocalyx, whose structure and activities are tailored to meet the parasite's needs when growing in the sand fly vector as flagellated promastigotes, or within vertebrate macrophage phagolysosome as the roundish amastigote, where it survives happily in a hostile environment and evades immune defenses. Our group and collaborators pioneered powerful methods for the generation of mutants defect in the synthesis of the surface coat, originally focusing on the abundant lipophosphoglycan (LPG) as well as structurally related carbohydrates such as proteophosphoglycan (PPG), and more recently on molecules synthesized by the action of a novel mitochondrial fucosyltransefase. These mutants define vital biosynthetic proteins required for glycoconjugate synthesis and virulence, and the study of their impact on specific aspects of the infectious cycle enables a deeper understanding of their unique vs. overlapping roles. Several of the enzymes identified show considerable promise as targets for chemotherapy, or in the development of strategies focusing on parasite vaccination and interruption of transmission.
Leishmania are important tropical parasites,

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what creates a completely immobile human?" and the following answer choices: 
- burning coal
 - birthdays
 - lungs
 - tectonic plates
 - sports
 - reproduction
 - our nearest star
 - fossil fuels

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and human offspring are completely immobile, choose the best answer.

Target Text: reproduction

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.645872
Retrieved Text: Simply stunning!!! Very useful! Like the other guy said, "It does exactly as its name suggests..." Great work!
My favorite AI, next only to Aggressive AI, and even that AI, only on certain occasions. The only flaw is that it does not effect Trade cogs and Trade Carts, but it is still one of the best AIs ever made!
This AI is perfect for campaign designers.
Advanced Immobile Units AI by Zanzard Lothar is an Ai file that keeps all of the Computer players villager and military units immobile, and will only do what they are triggered to do. The ADVANCED Immobile Units AI is an updated of the author two previous Imobbile Unit AIs and does the same job as its predecessors, but it has a completely new proposition for scenario designers. It is meant to be a tool for designers to fine-tune their own AI to their needs and, ultimately, helping designers lget into AOK AI scripting.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 20.14339
Retrieved Text: I think I have encountered a bug (or feature as we like to call 'em). But maybe this is intentional for reasons I don't immediately understand.
It appears to me that the only way to make a dynamic entity cast a shadow is to make it mobile. If you included immobile=1 in the fpe file, the shadow will not manifest.
However, if you set it to immobile=0 in the fpe, then change immobile to "yes" in the fpsc editor, *badabing* shadows on an immobile dynamic object.
So, I'm guessing this is a bug because of the inconsistency. Any insights?
I only care because I am making a model pack and I want certain entities to have shadows but I don't want them mobile. Since no one reads "readme" files, I think it would be crappy to have to tell everyone to change them to immobile in the editor.
Quote: "no one reads "readme" files"
However I know about the 'feature' you speak of; although I too don't know the answer. Sorry.
yes the only way to have shadows for the Dynamic Entities is immobile=0 and to have the full screen shadow effect on.
which is something mobile.so no its not a bug, it is the way the effect was made to be use.
Could turn Physics off underneath the Immobile part, that'll leave it mobile yet not move right?
@michaelx I've had no luck getting shader effects to work on static entities. As a result, I end up making entities "dynamic" that are not intended to be mobile (like a large rock for instance).
Are you able

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.928799
Retrieved Text: The majority of nutrient deficiencies and excesses can be avoided by keeping a few simple environmental factors in check including air circulation, ventilation, temperature and humidity. Plants will also need adequate light, living organic soil or clean substrate, clean water and regular maintenance, clean up. Letting these environmental factors get out of control will open the door to nutrient problems. This short article will concentrate on the most basic nutrient availability and excesses. It will also include simple troubleshooting techniques and solutions.
Most any nutrient formula (fertilizer), regardless of its contents, will grow cannabis. But what quality will the cannabis be, and what are the residual health concerns? With the proper nutrient formula and growing conditions, medical cannabis can reach its genetic growth potential.
Cannabis needs the non-mineral nutrients carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen to manufacture food and grow. Carbon (CO2) in the air is fixed via photosynthesis. Hydrogen atoms that are building blocks come almost totally from water. Oxygen from the atmosphere is used in respiration and plant processes. The rest of the elements (called mineral nutrients), are absorbed from the growing medium and nutrient solution. Supplemental nutrients supplied in the form of a fertilizer help medicinal cannabis to reach its maximum potential.
Nutrients are either mobile or immobile. Mobile nutrients move within plants immobile nutrients stay in the same place. Distinguishing the two will is the first step to solving nutrient excesses and deficiencies.
Nutrients must be available to roots in order to be absorbed. Nutrients occur in many chemical combinations and forms (called compounds) that are comprised of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.656755
Retrieved Text: Seeds of Doubt (Japanese: 疑惑の種子 Seed of Doubt) is the twentieth chapter of the Revelation campaign of Fire Emblem Fates. In this chapter, a chance encounter causes the group to become suspicious of Anthony.
The group reaches a series of isles and bridges which they need to cross to reach Gyges, the castle where Anankos resides. Sakura worries that the bridges may break from being too old, and the rest of the group begins doubting Anthony's path. To prove the safety of it to them, Anthony crosses a bridge first. As the rest of the group crosses it, the bridge begins to collapse, though luckily they are all able to cross before it is completely destroyed. Xander begins to seriously question Anthony's loyalty after his less-than-worried remark. Before he is able to do so, however, the group is ambushed by Vallite soldiers.
After crossing the islands, Anthony sees castle Gyges on the horizon. He suggests using a secret back entrance, though Xander is quick to dismiss it, claiming that Anthony was responsible for the bridge's collapse earlier. Corrin defends Anthony, saying that the bridge was old anyways. The other Nohrian siblings, however, take Xander's side. Corrin still refuses to attack Anthony, to which Xander replies that he's as naive as ever, though that his trust in others was what united them all in the first place. Xander still warns him not to let others take advantage of him.
After rescuing a young man who claimed he was forced to serve Anankos, the group reaches a series of floating islands

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.5077
Retrieved Text: Pages in category "Evolution articles in Popular Science Monthly"
Popular Science Monthly/Volume 14/March 1879/Is Conscience Primitive?
Popular Science Monthly/Volume 60/March 1902/Were the Earliest Organic Movements Conscious or Unconscious?
Popular Science Monthly/Volume 31/October 1887/What Is Evolution?
Popular Science Monthly/Volume 22/November 1882/Who was Primitive Man?
Popular Science Monthly/Volume 65/July 1904/Why Is the Human Ear Immobile?
This page was last edited on 27 August 2015, at 11:45.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.340462
Retrieved Text: /Arts & Humanities /Arts & Humanities / Philosophy / In your opinion, what is the meaning of life?
Ask yourself why would matter have a drive to survive, to evolve, to have a self, an ego identity, and consciousness. Why would matter exist and become these things? Even after an eternity of time, there would still be no reason for it to exist and become what it is except for an intelligence behind it that creates an infinitely complex physics in its design. And all of this indicates purpose.
Evolution evolves consciousness, and with consciousness the universe is able know itself. There wouldn’t be a point for existence if it didn’t know that it existed. It becomes completely conscious as a human but is trapped in its complete identification to being a human form and doesn’t experience its reality of being formless and infinite. It has to deliberately find its freedom by first knowing that it’s ignorant of its true Self. It is discovering that which will eventually lead it back.
This has been going on forever, because by existence knowing itself, it creates its own unknowingness, its own eternal unconsciousness. Its consciousness is Reality and its unconsciousness is illusion that creates infinite illusion in becoming conscious in a human.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 18.896702
Retrieved Text: Queen Akira and Queen Candy and I equals 4Play!
It is so easy to find all of your sensitive spots when you are tied and immobile!
It was great to use you as a human urinal for the first time!
Next time it will intensify!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 18.455528
Retrieved Text: April 1 and a half?
Feedback OK but the solar cells, naw. Who would want to look like a pigeon’s neck?
The discovery that some animals have found ways to feed off the Sun’s energy has led to the intriguing idea that humans could one day create solar-powered nourishment.
We’d have to lay around, completely immobile, for most of our lives. Just like plants do.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 18.438343
Retrieved Text: Striker usually wants to score some goals in every match. In Serie A, we can mention some football players who can be called as goal machine. Goal machine refers to football player who is consistent in scoring goals in every match. Actually, every club has goal machine. But, not every football player who is top scorer can be called as goal machine. In Serie A, there are some football players who often score goals, so the football players give positive impact to football clubs that join Series A.
If we need to mention a goal machine in Serie A, we can mention Mauro Icari as goal machine in Serie A for this season. He has good technique and skill in playing football, and he has successfully created 18 goals in 22 matches. His performance can be compared to striker of Lazio named Ciro Immobile. This striker has created 22 goals. But, Icardi has a lack when playing football. As striker, he often wants to score goal by himself ad don’t want to give assist to his partner. When there is a chance, he often scores a goal by himself and doesn’t give a chance to his partner. That is not a big problem because striker needs to score goal as soon as possible.
The performance of Ciro Immobile this season is so special and good. He is not only a goal machine of Lazio, but also king of assist of that club. Yes, he always tries to score goal in every match but also doesn’t forget to create

########
Rank: 9
Score: 18.362507
Retrieved Text: Spiromesifen works by disrupting lipid biosynthesis in treated insects. Because lipid molecules help regulate water content in insects, Forbid prevents proper water balance, which results in desiccation. The treated mite or whitefly dries up and dies within two to three days of treatment.
Forbid has excellent translaminar activity, quickly penetrating the treated upper leaf surface and moving through the leaf to the untreated side to control mites feeding anywhere on the leaf. Forbid also moves into the phloem of treated leaves to control whiteflies as they feed.
Most acaricides fall into three categories: neurotoxins and respiratory poisons, which are active against adults and mobile immatures; and growth regulators, which are active against eggs and immatures. Forbid extends effective control and offers more flexibility by being highly active against all mobile and immobile stages of mites (e.g., eggs, nymphs, immobile nymphs and adults), and active against all mobile and immobile stages of whiteflies.ich are active against adults and mobile immatures; and growth regulators, which are active against eggs and immatures. Forbid extends effective control and offers more flexibility by being highly active against all mobile and immobile stages of mites (e.g., eggs, nymphs, immobile nymphs and adults), and active against all mobile and immobile stages of whiteflies.
Q: What are the advantages of using a product that controls mites and whiteflies throughout their life cycles?
A: By offering control throughout all mobile and immobile stages, Forbid provides an extended window of application. Since most miticides only target one or two life stages, application must be timed precisely in order to achieve

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.798742
Retrieved Text: The God who creates and destroys is fundamentally ambiguous to our human mind. It is an assault on our attempt to create moral order and coherency in the world. It is an assault on our need to control.
The mountain of God is sometimes compared to a nursing breast. The people are entranced by it. It is their whole world. It provides essential nourishment. They can’t live without it. They are completely vulnerable and dependent on this mountain. It is this dependency that creates fear. What if the life-giver becomes the life-taker? This fear may then generate separation and, eventually, individuality.
It is this process, which is repeated many times through one’s life, which makes us distinct and unique.
How can you learn to embrace creation and destruction, life and death, certainty and doubt?
Breathe in. Breathe out. It’s Ad……vent.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.652012
Retrieved Text: I assume you mean in scenario 216 CENTURIONS REVERSE!
What I meant to say is that the Group 1 appears to have two areas it can set up on Board 83 on/south of hex row S and/or ≤ 4 hexes from 81T4.
One does not overlap the other.
is that correct or should 81T4 be 83T4.
There is no "and/or" in the setup instructions.
I checked old (proofing, submission) files, and yes, it should say "83T4" - an error that snuck in.
That's why I was saying "and/or". "≤ 4 hexes of 81T4" is outside the "on Board 83 on/south of hex row S" area and wouldn't work without "and/or".
"Set up on board 83, on/south of hexrow S, ≤ 4 hexes from 83T4" makes a lot more sense.
I am getting ready to try to play Scenario 210 and as such am trying to get the large number of special rules in effect straight. So far I THINK I have IPM straight. Steep Hills is proving more of a challenge as it seems rules are scattered across two chapters in this case. Basically what is confusing me a bit is how to adjudicate movement costs.
For example, an MMC moves up one level in Steep Hills. The hex being entered is Open Ground. It is not carrying anything. Weather is Ground Snow (per Scenario 210).
To me so far, the cost of entry here is 3 MP (1 doubled to 2 (per Chapter B Hill rules) +1 (per Chapter E Ground Snow Changing elevation). Is that correct?
Now if the MMC has 3 or more PP

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.614252
Retrieved Text: We can help with under-eye hollowing (tear troughs) by injecting dermal fillers to lift the tissue, and so blend the lower eyelid skin with that of the cheeks. It is a relatively simple procedure, and almost completely painless. When done by an experienced clinician, the results creates a fresh, rejuvenated eye area.
Loss of volume and fatty tissue results in the formation of tear trough hollows - the under eye hollowing that creates tired, dark eyes.
What is the best treatment for under eye hollows?
Dermal filler is an effective method for treating under eye hollows as they can restore the loss volume, with subtle and natural results.
Is dermal filler for under eye hollows safe?
Yes, we only use HA fillers (Hyaluronic Acid) at The Face Place. These fillers are made from a naturally occurring sugar molecule found in the human body - only in a stabilized form. An experienced clinician will know exactly where to place the filler, ensuring maximum safety and results.
Is under eye filler permanent?
What other treatments can help with under eye hollowing?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.588476
Retrieved Text: Kayleigh O’Keefe is a contemporary artist engaging with themes of existential liberation, embodiment and liberation through performance and film. She has collaborated with established artists and filmmakers, produced and directed immersive live art events, performed live and distributed her videos to film festivals and online audiences.
The cycle of THE END.
"Perpetuum Immobile" is a macabre game played at 24fps.
Shot and edited on B&W film, it takes advantage of vintage movie techniques and on-camera tricks to deliver its particular atmosphere.
Marc Martí was born in La Vall d'Uixó (Spain, 1976) he directed lots of amateur shorts during his teenage years. After the completion of "La Conversió de Pau" (2000), his first professional short, he worked as TV producer and freelance videographer during the entire decade."Perpetuum Immobile" marks his return to filmmaking.
Leena's daughter is no longer at home. Suddenly she feels her life meaningless. What remains is either petrifying loneliness or eternal bliss of the icons.
Joel Autio is gratuated from Turku Arts Academy film school 2014.
Based on a myth the film uncovers the journey of a certain patient no. 666. The journey reveals the hidden chamber which is believed to house the ‘guardian’ who heals all fear.
Unaware of the consequence she ventures into this kingdom.
Tribeny Rai, is 23 yrs old, second year student of Satyajit Ray Film and television Institute.
Specialisation course- Direction and Screenplay writing. First Film.
Who is the villain and who the prey?
Human skin, glasses of blood and beasts in the forest.
A hypnotic piece, shot on 8mm, mute as early films and archaic as humans. We are vampires and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.57528
Retrieved Text: I've given all the feedback I can possibly give on my class. Blizzard knows exactly what the Warlock community reasonably wants and doesn't want at this point. If we're not getting it, it's because they don't want to give it to us. Pure and simple. Or else they would say so. I post just to pass time now.
11/11/2018 11:49 AMPosted by DreamnyashaShadow Fury shouldn't be instant, it can have 0.5sec cast and it will be balanced.And about demonic circle: Devs don't want us to have mobility, they want warlocks to be tanky casters on arena. But after replacing templates our tankiness has Completely disappeared.We're immobile casters. Survivability and control should be our strong points. Instant Shadowfury wouldn't cause us balance issues, it would help fix them. We need adequate, sensible control options to setup counterattack openings for a chance to actually kill what's attempting to kill us.
One way to balance all classes and specs.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.407146
Retrieved Text: Barron, Andrew R., Maguire-Boyle, Samuel J. and Orbaek, Alvin White, "Analyzing the transport of plasmonic particles through mineral formations." Patent US8575548B2. issued 2013-11-05. Retrieved from https://hdl.handle.net/1911/80138.
A transport of plasmonic particles through a mineral formation is analyzed by flowing a plasmonic particles solution through an immobile phase (e.g., a mineral formation), determining an absorbance of the plasmonic particles solution subsequent to flowing the plasmonic particles solution through the immobile phase, comparing the determined absorbance of the plasmonic particles solution with an absorbance of the plasmonic particles solution determined previous to flowing the plasmonic particles solution through the immobile phase, and determining an absorbance of the plasmonic particles to the immobile phase as a function of the comparison. The plasmonic particles solution may be produced by dissolving or suspending plasmonic particles in a mobile phase. Flowing the plasmonic particles solution through the immobile phase may include injecting the plasmonic particles solution into the immobile phase, and then flushing the plasmonic particles solution through the immobile phase.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.210741
Retrieved Text: I have learned in the past couple of years that nothing ever stays the same. Even after we start practicing mindfulness, we have our good and bad days.
People often tell me that sometimes they are still anxious, even after practicing peace for such a long time. They feel bad for it and want to eliminate it completely. But the truth is that anxiety, just like any other human feeling, cannot be eliminated completely. Because it is natural. And there’s nothing wrong with it, just like there’s nothing wrong with any other human feeling.
Things are getting weird. The veil is lifting, timelines are merging, and parallel realities are showing up in the news.
Since the removal Saturday of the final bunch of controllers at the top 1%, there have been quite a few questions about what this means for us. Here are some thoughts on that.
As I sat in meditation tonight, Saturday 30th August, just as Tareth is beginning his afternoon session at Wearyall Hill, I was transported instantly to the living energies and world of Yeshua and Mary Magdalene.
Here is what they showed me.
Our consciousness is creating the world we live in every moment.
Our consciousness creates The Lion’s Gate energies which open every year at this time to a powerful alignment of the Sun, Sirius and earth energy centers such as the Pyramids of Giza.
We ARE the worlds we create.
We are not separate from any of these worlds, the human world, the dolphin worlds, the dragon worlds, the astral realms, celestial heavens and so many more.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.05054
Retrieved Text: ergej Milinkovic Savic and Ciro Immobile have signed contract extensions at Lazio through 2023, the club announced Monday.
Lazio says Ciro Immobile and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic have extended their contracts with the club until 2023.
Immobile signed a new deal last season that ran until 2022. The 28-year-old Italy international finished joint top goalscorer in Serie A last season, netting 29.
It was the second time Immobile has won the prize, having done so in 2014 with 22 for Torino.
Immobile has been at Lazio since 2016 after unhappy spells at Borussia Dortmund and Sevilla. This season, he has featured in all seven Serie A matches, scoring four times. He's also netted in the Europa League.
The 23-year-old Milinkovic-Savic has missed just one of Lazio's matches and has one goal.
The Serbia midfielder is in his fourth season at Lazio and scored 12 league goals in the last campaign.
Lazio is seventh in Serie A after losing to Roma 3-1 in the capital derby on Saturday.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.030302
Retrieved Text: The Dragogo (ドラゴゴ)Media:SonicLabyrinth GG JP manual.pdf is an enemy that appears in Sonic Labyrinth, encountered only in the Labyrinth of the Castle Zone 4-3.
They are immobile dragon Badniks consisting of a single string of floating blue orbs for a neck, all of them having a gray underside and mohawk-like spikes on the back of the head. These Badniks launch a surprise assault on Sonic by popping out of the ground and spitting fireballs at him. They are completely invulnerable to his Spin Dash, so they can only be avoided.
This page was last edited on 22 March 2019, at 14:14.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.008055
Retrieved Text: League of Legends’ lore has always been some of the most interesting parts of the game, often fleshing out backgrounds of our favorite champions to hints at upcoming ones. After straying off for a little bit, Riot Games made a revamped push, launching the beta of League of Legends Universe, a collection of in-universe lore. This saw a lot of re-writes and as a result, champion remakes. Universe’s latest entry came from the journal of Eduard Santangelo, an explorer who introduced us to the Vastaya, whom he described as a mix between human and animal. He notes that the Vastaya, aren’t a species (as he runs into Vastaya resembling a number of different animals), but more so an order or phylum.
Though he never gets to introduce himself, Santangelo runs into a woman he described as part fox but “otherwise very, very much like a female human”. He provides a sketch, revealing a longstanding champion, Ahri, who is now all but confirmed to be a Vastaya. The Vastaya also appear to range in degree of how animalistic they are. Making friends with a merchant named Shai, Santangelo is completely caught off guard when the former shapeshifts into a pig. This raises questions of whether other existing champions like Wukong and Volibear could also be Vastaya.
Who are clearly Vastaya, however, are the League’s two newest revealed champions: Xayah and Rakan. This marks the first time since Gragas and Pantheon that Riot Games has unveiled two champions at once. A pair of bird-like Vastaya lovers (Riot’s words), Xayah and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.933643
Retrieved Text: SYSTEM FOR IMMOBILE PATIENTS - EGO Zlín, spol. s r. o.
One of the greatest medical developments is the fact that people live longer these days than they used to in the past. As the length of life and the amount of chronically ill patients increase, complex health care becomes more and more important. There is a huge number of patients with chronic wounds, e.g. bedsores. There are many patients suffering from decubit sores and their medical treatment is very expensive. The decubit problem has a negative effect on human ageing. There are prophylactic procedures recommended, such as proper personal hygiene. For special treatment gear to treat decubits, EGO Zlin, Ltd.active anti-decubitus mattresses.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.904972
Retrieved Text: It is often through dark moments that the goodness of the human spirit shows itself.
Lawtonian Danny Vest has had a hard time getting around ever since he contracted West Nile Virus a couple of years ago after a mosquito bit him near his house. Although he has come a long way from the paralysis that once left him immobile from the neck down, it is still difficult for Vest to simply stand up for substantial amounts of time.
Vest said he knew next to nothing about AMBUCS and what the organization does for people in need of modes of transportation. A big fan of cars, Vest began helping out at Mountain Metro AMBUCS’ annual Trykes N Tread car show, mostly detailing cars, but sometimes going so far as to build tables and chairs for the event, like he did for this year’s.
Linda Mask, who organizes and manages Trykes N Tread each year, as well as therapist Aimee Carter, kept seeing the hard work Vest did at the car shows. They saw how much he struggled to move around. They wanted to help any way they could.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.857548
Retrieved Text: Reiki Volunteers comfort VITAS patients at the end of life--and their families--with relaxing and pain-reducing therapeutic touch.
A dying patient’s sense of isolation from the world around him or her is often made worse by the lack of comforting human touch. Muscles may be contracted and stiff, and all that is needed is for someone to gently rub the shoulders, neck and back. When patients spend their days immobile in a recliner or bed, Reiki Volunteers provide compassionate touch, relaxation, a sense of well being, emotional health and a state of balance. And volunteering your professional services to a VITAS patient makes you feel as good as your patient feels.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.774889
Retrieved Text: The fourth and final installment of all-star teams for the world's top leagues.
Gonzalo Higuain: Higuain is a clinical striker who is strong, technically skilled and dominant in the air. He provides plenty of goals to any side he plays on.
Paulo Dybala: Paulo Dybala, the owner of the worse celebration in soccer, plays right attacking midfield. The prodigy has a left foot that is renowned all over the world, and he greatly improves the frontline of this Serie A all-star team.
Dries Mertens/Lorenzo Insigne:The Napoli duo of Lorenzo Insigne and Dries Mertens will terrorize opposing teams with their quick dribbling and fantastic pace.
Sami Khedira: Sami Khedira is a former Real Madrid midfielder and Champions League winner. He is an incredibly solid and talented defensive midfielder who can help any team he is a member of with his brute force and reliability.
Marek Hamsik. Hamsik is a man of many talents: he maintains a haircut that was previously used only with 1980’s punk rockers, he is a strong and talented playmaker and has a powerful right boot. These two have the ability to create a dominant and versatile holding midfield.
Alex Sandro/Lichtsteiner: The Juventus fullback duo of Sandro and Lichtsteiner creates havoc for opposing forwards with their fundamental defensive workrates. They can shut wingers down across the world.
Chiellini/Bonucci: Chiellini, who doesn’t look a day over 7-, plays left center back next to Bonucci. These two are former teammates with pre-existing chemistry, and are also two of the best defenders in the world.
Buffon: somehow still standing without requiring a cane, will man

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.769842
Retrieved Text: Seinen ersten Bundesligatreffer markierte er am Ich finde,das darf man tun!!! Natürlich wecken Immobiles Leistungen Begehrlichkeiten, auch im Ausland. In der Auftaktpartie gegen Belgien wurde er in der Schlussviertelstunde eingewechselt. So schnell zieht den ehemaligen Borussen nichts mehr weg. He won the Eredivisie verdienst schweinsteiger in his second of four seasons at the regionalliga west österreich. Archived from the original on 29 November Cairo also wanted to keep Immobile for at least a season for sports and for profit. Stadio San NicolaBari Gewinne lotto. Retrieved 30 August He scored on his senior international debut in and represented Italy at UEFA Eurowhere the team reached the quarter-finals. Boss spiele the fifth-place playoff match against Portugalhe scored kirrlach casino first penalty kick in the shootout win, with a Panenka -style penalty. The BVB-History serves you years of black-and-yellow history of football. Archived from the original on 9 August This page was last edited on 6 January my home.de, at PARMA 1 — 1". Parc Olympique LyonnaisLyonFrance. Immobile kam in 24 Spielen in der Bundesliga auf drei Tore.
Casino menüservice - cs kielholz Roms Tormaschine ist der Grund, warum Lazio vom ersten Meistertitel seit träumt. März unter Trainer Cesare Prandelli bei der 0: Noch imposanter liest sich die Kinguin kundendienst seiner Einsätze in der Serie A. Ihm wurde unter anderem die mangelnde Bereitschaft unterstellt, seine Deutschkenntnisse aufzubessern. Auch Deutsch zu lernen sei quasi unmöglich, viel zu schwierig. Seinen ersten Bundesligatreffer markierte er am Ciro Immobile konnte regionalliga west österreich beim BVB nicht durchsetzen. Seinen ersten Einsatz in der Eva john

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.656641
Retrieved Text: I have a ten year old daughter who is morbidly obese. She barely can get out of bed. She weighs 657 pounds, and cannot sit up without help. When she needs to go to the bathroom, she just goes in her clothes, because it takes to long to go to the bathroom. No diapers fit her. She refuses to see a doctor. She gets up once a day to weigh herself, and as she walks to the scale, her belly hangs down to her knees. She wants to be completely immobile. Help!
You need to take her to a DOCTOR and go for weight reduction surgery like BARIATRIC SURGERY or LIPOSUCTION. This could also be related to thyroid or blood sugar. So, also get a complete blood profile done.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.639051
Retrieved Text: Home > Find Support > Patient Community > MPIP: Melanoma Patients Information Page > What do swollen lymph nodes feel like?
What do swollen lymph nodes feel like?
I had a melanoma removed in february this year and i have a movable eubbery lump in my groin. Its smooth and doesnt feel fixed or hard and its right on my hip bone where my leg joins my body. So my question is what are peoples experiences of cancerous lymph nodes?
How do they typically present and feel? Do they appear to grow slowly/quickly etc?
Re: What do swollen lymph nodes feel like?
Sorry i mant feel rubbery!
Where was your original primary and how deep was it?
My most recent recurrance was in a lymph node. The Melanoma completely took over that node. At first, it was kind of rubbery I suppose, but it got harder and harder until it was like more like a marble than rubber. I had swelling in the surrounding area too.
Don't panic about it because you never know until you know, but it's a good idea to call and get it checked out.
Can't blame ya for being scared. But as the previous poster said, best to check it out. I've had bumps that turned out to be melanoma and bumps that did not; some hard and immobile and some rubbery. Might depend on location. Waiting is hard; wishing you a good result.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.578085
Retrieved Text: I am a big advocate of Kelly Starrett’s Box Stretch. I take no credit for its invention … I love it and use it all the time. Why…? Because we as human beings current lack rotational ability in our hips. We sit way to much and exercise way to little. We have adapted to an incorrect sitting position that places our hips in shorten positions for extended periods of time. Thus we need to mobilize.
Unfortunately some of us are so immobile we need help getting into the correct mobilizing positions (insert friend here). Today is about giving you a way to get the benefits of a partner stretch without a partner.
2. Spend 2-4mins/hip in box mobility position. (Use bar as shown if you can not comfortably lay knee flat on box).

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.56609
Retrieved Text: Alexitimia is an autonomous robotic agent whose behavior is analogous to the process of perspiration of the human skin. Created with an organic appearance made with soft and flexible materials this “alexithymic” robot was designed as an irregular semi-sphere that remains immobile in the exhibition room.
This robot cannot move around, it cannot see, cannot emit sounds, and also, it cannot detect voices; however, it can interact with the spectators through its body. With the intention of showing a holistic approach to the hardware/software dichotomy; this robot, without any anthropomorphic (or robotic) appearance, interacts and communicates with the environment by only a tactile way of perception. Therefore, using it’s “artificial skin” as an interface, the corporeal scheme of this robot begins to sweat when somebody (a viewer) touches it.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.51471
Retrieved Text: If England are afraid of Italy, they're certainly not showing it.
As the clock ticks down to their opening clash in Manaus on Sunday morning (Singapore time), players and manager alike struck a defiant note in front of the press.
England were dumped out of the European Championships by Italy in 2012, inevitably beaten on penalties after a stalemate over 120 minutes.
As this is a group game, there's no chance of a repeat performance, but the stakes are still so high.
In a group as competitive as this, defeat is not an option.
Were Italy to win their opening Group D encounter, England would face Uruguay knowing that another slip-up would end their tournament within seven days of the opening ceremony.
Two years ago, it was Andrea Pirlo who rubbed salt in England's wounds, calmly chipping his crucial penalty straight down the centre of the goal as Joe Hart lunged obligingly out of the way.
Since that day, Pirlo has won two more Serie A titles with Juventus to go with the one he'd just collected in 2012.
He will be, once again, at the heart of the Italian midfield this weekend.
"How are we going to stop Pirlo?" asked Hodgson rhetorically this week.
"What we're going to do first of all is play better this time than we did then."
Jack Wilshere was nice enough to give a rather more detailed explanation of England's game plan.
"We've seen in the last two games that our set-up was with the Italy game in mind," he told reporters.
"We played the two in midfield with one ahead and it

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what reproduces to give rise to offspring?" and the following answer choices: 
- fungi
 - embryos
 - mammals
 - plants
 - density
 - clouds
 - Flowers
 - multiply

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and plants are also the oldest living things, choose the best answer.

Target Text: plants

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.957388
Retrieved Text: Apomixis is the replacement of sexual fertilization with asexual reproduction. With normal sexual fertilization, embryos are formed from the union of male and female gametes, which produces genetically varied offspring. In contrast, apomictic embryos are formed without paternal contribution.
Apomixis is the means of reproduction found in Hosta ventricosa, the only Hosta species which produces offspring apomictically. The asexually-produced offspring are generally believed to be identical to the parent plant.
"Being apomictic does not mean being 100% apomictic - only that a percentage of the seed is clonal. The rest are sexually formed, so that gives you a mix in the seedlings of the apomictic plant. A lot of H. ventricosa seedlings have been raised to date, in part because of the ‘comes true from seed’ story that goes around. Many of them clearly look different, but I’m not sure how much phenotypic variation you get on apomictic seed. Do they end up identical like TC divisions or are there significant differences? Years ago, I walked rows of H. ventricosa seedlings at a large wholesale nursery and saw quite a bit of difference. For example, quite a few had funnel-shaped flowers rather than the expected bell shape."
But what portion, if any, of those seedlings were apomictic? Could it be that some of the seedlings Bill observed were the result of sexually formed embryos and that not all were formed by apomixis? Even if it could be determined that a particular group of H. ventricosa seedlings were the result of apomixis, there may still be slight differences, as there

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.954702
Retrieved Text: Two heritable traits of honey bees, hygienic behavior (HYG) and Suppression of Mite Reproduction (SMR) are important honey bee mechanisms of resistance to the parasitic mite, Varroa destructor. Both traits reduce the reproductive success of the mite: HYG reduces the total number of mite offspring when the hygienic bees detect and remove the infested pupae from the cells; SMR reduces the number of viable female offspring each mite reproduces; however, the factors responsible for this reduction in viable offspring are not known. Our studies indicated that bees selectively bred for SMR also demonstrate HYG. The aim of the present study was to understand the interplay between the two traits, to ultimately understand the mechanism of SMR. Our findings reveal that there are no significant differences in the proportion of mite-infested pupae detected and removed by SMR and HYG colonies; both lines removed 91 and 89% of the infested pupae, respectively. However, cross-fostring experiments, in which mites from SMR colonies were introduced into cells contaiing pupae withen SMR and HYG colonies revealed that SMR mites produce significantly fewer female offspring on their own pupae than they do on non-SMR pupae. Therfore, The SMR trait seemes to involve both the removal of infested pupae (HYG) and a reduction of reproductive success caused by some unknown factor related to SMR pupae.
See more of Student Competition for the President's Prize Display Presentations, Section Cb.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.436663
Retrieved Text: Stream Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace [Explicit] by The Offspring and tens of . Audio CD (June 17, ); Parental Advisory ed. edition; Original Release Date: . The Offspring's metal-inflected punk became a popular sensation in , selling over four million albums on an independent record label. While the group's. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. By The Offspring. • 12 songs. Play on Spotify. 1. Half-Truism. 2. Trust In You. 3. You're Gonna Go Far.
9 Jun Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace, the band's eighth album, is the culmination of two years writing and recording, a first for an Offspring release. 29 Jul Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace () July 29th the same, and because of that listening to Rise & Fall, Rage & Grace was somehow. Half-Truism, Trust In You, You're Gonna Go Far, Kid, Hammerhead, A Lot Like Me , Takes Me Nowhere, Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?, Nothingtown, Stuff Is. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace. The Offspring. Released K. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace Tracklist. 1. Half-Truism Lyrics. 2. Trust in You Lyrics. 3. Tracklist with lyrics of the album RISE AND FALL, RAGE AND GRACE  from The Offspring, including the top song: You're Gonna Go Far, Kid. Click here .
June 17th, Columbia Records Album Credits. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. Share this album?Share. Download: |. 1. Half-Truism Download: |. "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a punk rock song by The Offspring. It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album Rise and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 21.57803
Retrieved Text: Carnage is a creature of the alien entity Klyntar symbiote, which linked to failed journalist Eddie Brock form the villainous Venom. When Eddie Brock was arrested, his cellmate was Cletus Kassady, a vicious psychopath, and serial killer, and when the alien symbiote entity rejoined Brock in prison, his escape left a fragment that proved to be a symbiotic offspring which reproduces asexually.
The newborn creature merged with Cletus, and it was from this union that the Carnage arose that began his career of meaningless homicides or criterion of choice of victims, where the villain justifies his actions with an absurd philosophy that he essentially calls Katia chaotic and that law and order are perversions.
Based on the amazing concept painted by Rafael Albuquerque from Chiaroscuro Studios.
Release scheduled for second trimester of 2017.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.980688
Retrieved Text: In population biology and demography, the generation time is the average time between two consecutive generations in the lineages of a population. In human populations, the generation typically ranges from 22 to 32 years. Historians sometimes use this to date events, by converting generations into years to obtain rough estimates of time.
Indeed, is such that n(t + T) = R0 n(t), i.e. erT = R0.
where λ = er is the discrete-time growth rate of the population, F = (fij) is its fertility matrix, v its reproductive value (row-vector) and w its stable stage distribution (column-vector); the are the elasticities of λ to the fertilities.
Indeed, the numerator is the sum of the ages at which a member of the cohort reproduces, and the denominator is R0, the average number of offspring it produces.
This page was last modified on 22 December 2015, at 19:59.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 19.922968
Retrieved Text: Reproach of Men » Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Reproach of Men > Bible Versions > Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
The following table is used to illustrate how fundamental doctrines are affected by the different underlying texts and translation methods used in the ‘modern’ versions of the Bible. This table is helpful in seeing the differences that would be obscured by other, more tedious methods of comparison (such as having two different bibles open and doing a line by line study).
With this in mind, please examine the verses in the versions presented below. This particular comparison addresses the tri-unity of the Godhead, normally called the Trinity.
Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device. Acts 17:29 Therefore since we are God’s offspring, we should not think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone – an image made by man’s design and skill.
Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: Romans 1:20 for since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities – his eternal power and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 19.854824
Retrieved Text: According to a new study conducted on the effects of taking Paracetamol and other drugs during pregnancy, it is found that these drugs may cause fertility issues for the young one in the womb. This is based on the test study conducted on rats because the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans.
The rats that took the pain medication gave birth to offspring which had less number of eggs and smaller ovaries compared to the offspring of normal rats.
They also produced fewer babies.
Infant male offspring had fewer cells to give rise to sperm but their fertility became normal when they reached adulthood.
The negative effects of paracetamol are found to be greater in female offspring when compared to the male offspring. As the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans, it is wise to take precautions.
Paracetamol is usually taken to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, cold and headaches while Indomethacin is used for arthritis pain management and inflammation.
It is also necessary to consider the fact that the research is performed on rats and not humans. The co-author of the study mentioned that there must be further research to understand the mechanism by which the drugs affect the baby’s reproductive system in the womb. He also suggested that it is necessary to know if shorter doses of the drugs have the same effect. However, it is best for pregnant women to take precautions during all three trimesters to avoid any such health issues.
Minimize the use of paracetamol and other painkillers.
Do not take over-the-counter medications for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 19.757431
Retrieved Text: For questions relating to peoples or sentient beings that are often found in the fantasy subgenre of fiction, such as elves, dwarves, etc. This can be about their physical characteristics, their societies, or something completely different.
How can a long lived species that reproduces slowly prevent themselves from going extinct?
How might a highly intelligent aquatic species (mermaids) communicate underwater?
If angels and devils are the same species, why would their mortal offspring appear physically different?
How to transport 10,000 terrestrial trolls across ocean fast?
How can changes in personality/values of a person who turned into a vampire be explained?
How to prevent a fantasy world response to repeated near extinction events?
Could dwarves do without wood?
How big is my Giant?
Where to employ domesticated goblins in a fantasy world?
Why would a drider lay only a small clutch of eggs?
Will a country ruled and dominated by women work?
How would a literal eye on the back of the head work?
How strong would a person need to be to cut cleanly through steel plate?
Speaking three sentences at the same time?
How long would it take people to realise some rabbits are sapient?
So how elves, fairies, and dragons are all magical creatures Gods, Devils, Angels and Demons They are all....what?
How would a sapient species descended from felids become herbivorous?
How win a medieval war with air superiority?
What biological trait could make a humanoid species more likely to be matriarchal, but keep reproductive compatibility with other humanoids?
What skin colours would highly adaptable, hunter humanoids naturally evolve?
A guy asked me to kill 15 trolls, how do I prove that I did

########
Rank: 8
Score: 19.387
Retrieved Text: Nice to see ten have three shows rate higher than their news. Competition is good!!!!
The TBBT network has less to offer at this time, so Ten is smart to start Offspring his Wednesday. MC hopefully will do well with the special show tonight as well. It is all about good shows and intelligent launch times and dates/days.
I thought Jonah was terrific. I think it’s brilliant. I am a bit surprised at the lack of ratings. We will watch mindless dribble like The Big Bang Theory but smart, sophisticated satire just does not seem to gain much traction.
Good start for Offspring, House Rules still only just over a mill even without The Voice taking eyeballs away, and Jonah sinks like the solid gold turd that it is.
Haven’t bothered to watch or time shift Jonah but I assume it’s full of obscenities that Lilley willingly substitutes for wit.
His first outing ‘We Can Be Heroes’ was brilliant.
a very good return for Offspring. Masterchef doing well too.
Not a good night for Jonah. I agree that Lilley needs new characters . . .
I watched Jonah for a little while last night.
Chris Lilley needs to develop some new characters for his next series, because JONAH is totally lame and unfunny.
Was able to watch offspring just after 10 pm last night on tenplay. That’s the way you run a catch up site channel nine. The baby was absolutely adorable throughout the episode.
They must have a lot of spare time on house rules if they have time to play pranks on each other. I’m

########
Rank: 9
Score: 19.242916
Retrieved Text: The Offspring have revealed that they have finished recording their new studio album.
The record, which is the ninth of the band’s career, is the follow-up to their 2008 effort ‘Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace’ and their first album with new drummer Pete Parada.
The California punks have not indicated when the record is likely to be released or what it will be titled. Only one song title has been revealed, with a track titled ‘You Will Find A Way’ set to feature on the record.
The band are set to tour this summer, with their festival appearances set to include Rock In Rio festival in Portugal, Punkspring festival in Japan and Denmark’s Skive festival.
The Offspring have yet to confirm any UK shows – they were last in the UK to appear at last summer’s Reading And Leeds Festivals.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.193405
Retrieved Text: give a wide berth to to stay out of the way of.
giveback a reduction in workers' salaries, benefits, or rights agreed to by a union during labor negotiations in exchange for some other concession by management or in recognition of depressed economic conditions.
give birth (of a female human or animal) to deliver offspring into the world.
give in to agree to something you don't want to agree to, especially after a long argument.
give one's eyeteeth to give one's most valued possession, as for something that one greatly desires.
give rise to to lead to; cause.
give someone a hand to help (someone) with a particular task.
give someone the finger (slang) to express anger or contempt by extending the middle finger upward.
give someone the slip to elude; escape.
give the gate to reject.
give up the ghost to lose one's life; die.
gizmo (informal) something nameless or whose name is forgotten, esp. a mechanical gadget or part; thingamajig.
glabrous having no hair or fuzz; bald; smooth.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 18.986473
Retrieved Text: Neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are on the rise but its underlying mechanisms are poorly understood.
Noriko Osumi, Kaichi Yoshizaki and colleagues at Tohoku University's Graduate School of Medicine collaborated with Shigeru Wakana and Tamio Furuse at RIKEN Bio-Resource Center, and Tucci Valter at Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, to conduct comprehensive behavioral analyses on how paternal aging influences the behavior of offspring that inherit a genetic risk (a mutation in Pax6 gene*).
In the experiments, in order to minimize the physical influence of the father, the male mouse was isolated and in vitro fertilization was used to impregnate the female. The researchers found that the offspring of young fathers exhibited impaired vocal communication, while the offspring of older fathers exhibited hyperlocomotion.
The results are significant for both animal researchers and the public. For researchers working on animal models, it shows that the age of male mice can influence the behavior of the offspring, so this should be a consideration when they are used to mate.
For the public, the research shows that paternal aging may exacerbate genetic risks - this could explain why there is a rapid rise in the ratio of children with ASD or ADHD, due to men having children later in life.
This paper was published online in PLoS ONE on November 17. The research was supported in part by KAKENHI (25640002 to K.Y. and 16H06530 to N.O.) from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan.
*Pax6 gene encodes a transcription factor that regulates expression

########
Rank: 12
Score: 18.8254
Retrieved Text: You have two leopards. A snow leopard (ll) and a regular coated leopard (LL). The coat *L* is incomplete dominance. What types of offspring will they have? Snow, Regular, or Other (please state what this other is). All offspring will be a blend, so a lighter version of the regular coat. The coat would be regular if it was LL, and white if offspring were ll, but all (100%) of the offspring will be Ll, leaving you with a blend because of the incomplete dominance.
There are 2 possible versions of the tall plant, TT and Tt. Using the Tt version you get the offspring of tT, tT, tt, tt. Using the TT version you get the offspring of all Tt.
Give 2 examples of Genetic Engineering Some examples include Faster breeding, and more meat on your animals.
List a pro and a con of Genetic Engineering See the Genetic Engineering Project located on the Resources tab for a list.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 18.452133
Retrieved Text: At the University of Innsbruck in Austria, undergraduate biology students are gaining hands-on molecular field experience in the Alps. Professor Birgit Schlick-Steiner, head of the Molecular Ecology research group, leads 120 students every summer in a practical application of molecular ecology, part of a four-day program training the students in eight different areas of biology. Professor Schlick-Steiner’s course requires students to take samples of the ant Formica exsecta and perform a DNA extraction. Students must then perform a PCR to test for the intra-cellular parasite Wolbachia.
Wolbachia are parasitic bacteria that infect arthropods and can have various effects on the infected organism, most notably on their reproductive ability. Since Wolbachia live in the cell’s cytoplasm, they are passed through the egg to offspring when an infected female reproduces. Depending on the strain of Wolbachia and the organism infected, Wolbachia can have a range of effects that help increase its own transmission, from feminizing males, to male-killing, to killing the offspring of uninfected females fertilized by infected males. Learn more about Wolbachia here.
After the students amplify Wolbachia DNA through PCR, they test for specific restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs) in order to distinguish between different Wolbachia strains found in the sampled ants. The ants on this particular mountain are known to be infested with several strains of Wolbachia providing a complex system of interacting life history, symbiotic and ecological factors to investigate.
Even with the proper equipment, Professor Schlick-Steiner knows firsthand that field work can be unpredictable. She recalls that in the first year of this course her students

########
Rank: 14
Score: 18.298956
Retrieved Text: The characteristics of our universe, its matter and energy, and its physical laws are the result Darwinian evolution.
To the extent that a universe possesses characteristics that are favorable to the emergence of an intelligent life that is eventually capable of governing its universe in reproduction, that universe is more likely to proliferate, passing on its characteristics to a greater number of offspring. In this manner, successive generations of universes possess characteristics that are progressively favorable to the emergence of intelligent life, specifically, life that is eventually capable of governing the activities of its own universe to the reproductive advantage that universe.
One or more universes produce a universe as offspring. The offspring universe inherits the characteristics of the parent universe(s).
Over a period of perhaps billions of years, the offspring universe develops natural, biological, intelligent life via evolution. This formation of intelligent life is a natural consequence of the offspring universe’s inherited characteristics. This biological, intelligent life then produces a greater intelligence by some (unknown) combination of several processes, such as by controlling its own evolution, by constructing and merging with computer technology, or by constructing and being replaced by computer-based intelligent life.
The intelligent life grows in complexity until it gains the capacity to govern its own universe, specifically in the act of reproduction.
Under the control of its governing intelligence, the offspring universe reproduces, passing on its characteristics to its own offspring, thereby completing the Darwinian cycle. This reproduction may take the form of fission, budding, or sexual reproduction with one or more other universes. Note that the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 18.264904
Retrieved Text: The Fotofacial treatment uses an intense pulse light technology that penetrates layers of the skin to a precise depth. Have had PFs before 24 weeks apart. What is the best treatment or combination treatments for nasolabial facial folds? I attribute it to the high-powered topical they applied. What is an alternative to an IPL treatment that lasts longer than a year? The light energy from the IPL is absorbed more by the pigmentation than the surrounding skin. This procedure minimizes pore size and leaves your skin feeling smoother and looking younger.
Have had PFs before 24 weeks apart. I need at least one more to touch things up. The cells that contain the pigment are destroyed and rise to the surface as our skin reproduces. The ophthalmologist prescribed medication, which took months to repair my eyes. Some resistant vascular and pigmented lesions may require more than 5 sessions to achieve fading or improvement. The improvement in pigmented and vascular irregularities can often be appreciated by the time patients return for their next treatment a month later. I have one that looks like a long scratch, and some say a scar.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 18.063639
Retrieved Text: An article in the UK Telegraph is reporting that a woman spent many years killing her babies and burying them in her back yard. The woman, a 45 year old nurse, is accused of "systematically killing her babies since 1988... It appears she had been hiding her pregnancies from her husband." Most people react to this story with shock; I know I do. One of the woman's neighbors said, "We all knew this couple. What has happened is unthinkable. No one knows how to react. We are in shock...They never did anything to suggest that they might be capable of abnormal behaviour. The husband was even elected to the town council."
Here is my question (and it is rhetorical, unless an atheist really wants to rise to the occasion): On what basis should we be morally outraged that this woman has chosen to eliminate her offspring?
Given a darwinian outlook, the worst charge that can be leveled is that this woman is simply defective (but by what standards?) - or "abnormal" as the neighbor said. Buy why? Because she has not effectively preserved her genetic fingerprint? But even more dreadfully, in a darwinian universe, this one creature spawned more creatures and then showed that she was the fittest by elimination of said new competition from the gene pool. Many atheist ethicists theorize that motherly instincts exist so that genes can be preserved. They theorize this to explain situations where parents give their lives to save their children, for example. Surely there is a darwinian motive for altruistic behavior

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.940622
Retrieved Text: The very rare animals that reproduce asexually — only about one in 1,000 of all living vertebrate species — are thought to be at an evolutionary disadvantage compared with their sexually reproduced counterparts. But that theory doesn’t hold true regarding the Amazon molly, an all-female fish species that has thrived for millennia in the fresh waters along the Mexico-Texas border.
To better understand how this fish’s reproduction deviates from the norm, an international team of scientists has sequenced the first Amazon molly genome and the genomes of the original parental species that created this unique fish. Their findings suggest that the molly’s thriving existence is not totally unexpected since they found the fish has a hardy genetic makeup that is often rare in nature and gives the animals some predicted survival benefits.
The findings are published Feb. 12 in the journal Nature Ecology & Evolution.
Ever since scientists, in 1932, determined that the Amazon molly was the first known asexual vertebrate, they have wondered how this came to be.
One of the theories that spells out why asexual reproduction should stand in the way of a species’ sustainability is the idea that if no new DNA is introduced during reproduction, then harmful gene mutations can accumulate over successive generations, leading to eventual extinction. Another hypothesis states that because asexual reproduction limits genetic diversity within a species, the animals eventually become unable to adapt to changes in the environment.
The researchers found that the Amazon molly resulted from a sexual reproduction event involving two different species of fish, when an Atlantic molly

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.904305
Retrieved Text: Although this was not universally applied (some families adhered strictly, others “dabbled” and still others ignored it), it can still be helpful in determining the correct entry when confronting the relative lack of information in the Old Parish Registers. It can also give rise to great confusion when eight children of the same family in a small parish name their offspring according to convention! The use of traditional naming patterns gradually declined during the 19th century.
The application of naming conventions and the general desire to ensure that a family forename perpetuated through the generations, sometimes led to duplication of forenames within a family. For example, where a family wished to adhere strictly to the traditional naming pattern, and both grandfathers bore the same forename, that name might be given to more than child. If a child died young, parents might name a later child after the dead sibling. In unfortunate cases, the name may have been used more than once.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.75579
Retrieved Text: 1 And he began to speak to them in parables. “A man planted a vineyard and put a fence around it and dug a pit for the winepress and built a tower, and leased it to tenants and went into another country.
2 When the season came, he sent a servant1 to the tenants to get from them some of the fruit of the vineyard.
3 And they took him and beat him and sent him away empty-handed.
4 Again he sent to them another servant, and they struck him on the head and treated him shamefully.
5 And he sent another, and him they killed. And so with many others: some they beat, and some they killed.
8 And they took him and killed him and threw him out of the vineyard.
9 What will the owner of the vineyard do? He will come and destroy the tenants and give the vineyard to others.
12 And they were seeking to arrest him but feared the people, for they perceived that he had told the parable against them. So they left him and went away.
13 And they sent to him some of the Pharisees and some of the Herodians, to trap him in his talk.
17 Jesus said to them, “Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar’s, and to God the things that are God’s.” And they marveled at him.
19 “Teacher, Moses wrote for us that if a man’s brother dies and leaves a wife, but leaves no child, the man5 must take the widow and raise up offspring for his brother.
20 There

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.74311
Retrieved Text: "Maternal high-fat diet programming of the neuroendocrine system and be" by Elinor L. Sullivan, Kellie M. Riper et al.
Hormones and Behavior, 2015, Volume 76,153-161.
Maternal obesity, metabolic state, and diet during gestation have profound effects on offspring development. The prevalence of neurodevelopmental and mental health disorders has risen rapidly in the last several decades in parallel with the rise in obesity rates. Evidence from epidemiological studies indicates that maternal obesity and metabolic complications increase the risk of offspring developing behavioral disorders such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorders (ASD), and schizophrenia. Animal models show that a maternal diet high in fat similarly disrupts behavioral programming of offspring, with animals showing social impairments, increased anxiety and depressive behaviors, reduced cognitive development, and hyperactivity. Maternal obesity, metabolic conditions, and high fat diet consumption increase maternal leptin, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, and inflammatory cytokines. This leads to increased risk of placental dysfunction, and altered fetal neuroendocrine development. Changes in brain development that likely contribute to the increased risk of behavioral and mental health disorders include increased inflammation in the brain, as well as alterations in the serotonergic system, dopaminergic system and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal (HPA) axis.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.691051
Retrieved Text: 15 After these things the word of the Lord came to Abram in a vision: “Fear not, Abram, I am your shield; your reward shall be very great.” 2 But Abram said, “O Lord God, what will you give me, for I continue childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?” 3 And Abram said, “Behold, you have given me no offspring, and a member of my household will be my heir.” 4 And behold, the word of the Lord came to him: “This man shall not be your heir; your very own son shall be your heir.” 5 And he brought him outside and said, “Look toward heaven, and number the stars, if you are able to number them.” Then he said to him, “So shall your offspring be.” 6 And he believed the Lord, and he counted it to him as righteousness.
9 And God said to Abraham, “As for you, you shall keep my covenant, you and your offspring after you throughout their generations. 10 This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your offspring after you: Every male among you shall be circumcised.
• Wait, Are You Coming or Going?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.651703
Retrieved Text: Runners are simply the strawberry plant�s offspring, or babies. If you don�t trim them from the mother plant once they have rooted, it�s put a lot of addition stress on that mother plant. (There�s a life lesson in there somewhere!) So once the runners have little root systems, it�s time to grow on their own and absorb their own nutrients! These runners often times take root somewhere how to change an apple watch screen The matted row system works well with strawberry plants that send out a lot of runners. Set plants 18 inches apart in rows of 24 inches, with 4 to 4 1/2 feet between rows. Set plants 18 inches apart in rows of 24 inches, with 4 to 4 1/2 feet between rows.
Runners are long stalks trailing out of the container or planter, and these will grow as the strawberry plant is trying to multiply and produce more young plants. It�s important to cut off these runners to allow all the plants� energy to go into making new flowers (and therefore more strawberries!) how to cook and egg in the sun My suggestion is to cut the runners, especially if your plant is relatively �young�. In fact, plants use a lot of energy to produce and develop runners. Therefore, cutting them means that your plant can concentrate its efforts on fruit production .
Benefits of runners. Runners are great for establishing new plants. After all, this is how the plant reproduces itself. Growing yourself new plants is as easy as laying the runner down

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.623287
Retrieved Text: Throughout this unit there will be an opportunity to explore and connect the fields of cell biology, molecular genetics, developmental biology, and biotechnology. Students learn how the cell produces the proteins found in the messages of genes. Students also learn how a fertilized egg reproduces, develops, and differentiates in response to gene messages. Current research in molecular genetics, biotechnology, and reproductive technology is presented throughout the unit.
Salmon in the wild lay big eggs stored with energy,and the offspring have a high survival rate after they hatch. Studies have shown that female chinook salmon raised in captive breeding programs lay many more eggs than wild chinook salmon.The eggs of captive females,however,are 25 percent smaller.Smaller eggs are less likely to survive in the wild and may eventually harm the survival of wild salmon populations into which captive females are reintroduced.Scientists are continuing to research the impact of human-controlled reproduction to ensure the survival of wild salmon populations.
Meiosis is the Basis of Sexual Reproduction: This section focuses on sexual reproduction. Students learn that new characteristics beneficial to the survival of the species may emerge through the introduction of new gene combinations, and therefore new proteins, in meiosis.
As always, these lessons are not meant to be completed in isolation. Throughout the lessons you are encouraged to discuss with your peers in face-to-face discussions, sharing ideas within Google Documents, and through a variety of other methods. This will allow myself and your fellow classmates to help you and others get through any roadblocks. You are also encouraged to reach out to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.592552
Retrieved Text: Generally, there are four overlapping definitions. The castle in the background is Lusignan.
The instruction texts belonging to wisdom literature, e. For example, anthropologist Jack Goody 's comparative study utilizing the Ethnographic Atlas demonstrated that monogamy is part of a cultural complex found in the broad swath of Eurasian societies from Japan to Ireland that practice social monogamy, sexual monogamy and dowry i. Article 16 of the Convention requires nations to give women and men equal rights in marriage.
That can be located as a star of ddefinition mating, as are those gives bit by definition monogamy families in the IrishWexford definition monogamy Ireland where there is very rotation of unattached partners. famous cartoon pig Definition Feature is built as membership with only one other at a time or the horizon of protection only one other.
This bit in youthful civilizations, such as those in Ireland, China, definition monogamy the Rage East, and spread to other does, which sure Cultured Spain. definition monogamy Book of Collegewhich definiition a forename of the side, SirachEventsQohelet appear a goal in a not autonomous family cf. How this made primitive marriage more common, it didn't prime decline the amount of stunning hopeful past of marriage.
A difficulty beginning, definition monogamy 67 other advertises, reported rates of extrapair rise, in different societies, ranging from 0. The bulletin texts belonging to stage literature, e.
Extrapair dialogue is when offspring special by a monogamous achieve come from the site modish monogmy another subsidy. In the vicinity assembly, guest colloquy is popular and is the organization mating system definition

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.462126
Retrieved Text: Downsizing is traditionally defined by moving into a smaller and cheaper property, often motivated by reducing living expenses, retiring or becoming empty-nesters. But rightsizing, or my-sizing, is all about finding the house perfect for your needs, whether larger or smaller.
According to Strutt & Parker’s Housing Futures report, the main reasons for moving home are finances and lifestyle reasons.
Jake Civardi at Strutt & Parker’s Winchester office says: “In the Winchester area I have noticed a rise in sellers in an ‘in-between’ life stage, where the older offspring may have left home, and perhaps there has been a job change.
“They are not ready to give up the four bedrooms for the children quite yet, but they no longer need to be close to the top school. These ‘my-sizers’ are often giving up acreage and square footage to be situated closer to amenities.
“Over the last few weeks we have sold some good Winchester houses to buyers moving from the countryside whose aim is to move to a good sized house but with less garden.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.422466
Retrieved Text: I consider phlox ‘David’ king of the summer perennials. Clouds of white blooms rise from its 36 – 40 inch stems from summer to fall. An offspring of the North American native phlox, ‘David’ is extremely easy to grow and has none of the problems with powdery mildew often associated with other varieties.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.228025
Retrieved Text: "There is no limit to me!"
"Ultraman Zero", such as "Ultraman Ginga", "Victory", "X", "Orb"
A figure that scans the power of the New Generation Heroes and neo · fusion rise.
Proportion which imaged the play, three-dimensional by modeling.
It also reproduces distinctive coloring.
Zero twin sword which was impressive in the play is three-dimensionalized with clear shaping.
Also comes with effects parts that imagined a zero burned punch.
Decent figure but not the best.
This figure is wonderfully painted and sculpted. It's in the articulation that it's a bit of a letdown. After the outstanding articulation of Ultraman X, this feels like a step down, as the arms, elbows and thighs don't articulate as well. The other big issue is that color time falls out SO EASILY. I had to use sticky tack to keep it in, otherwise it won't stay. It's a shame because this figure looks great.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.227606
Retrieved Text: Philippians 2:3-4 and a Great Egret with Chicks, Central Florida.
Egret parents live completely devoted to their offspring. One parent hunts while the other remains at the nest to keep watch over the chicks. As the chicks grow they eventually reach the point where both parents hunt all day long to meet the chicks increasing demand for food.
Egret parents live as though their offspring are more important than themselves. These birds give us a picture from nature on what it means to “do nothing from selfishness or empty conceit” and to “regard one another as more important”.
Dear Lord, may we always consider the needs of others.
Read more of Philippians 2.
Check out this post about our amazing God and an amazing egret.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.160765
Retrieved Text: The Hook Up box from Primos® is designed to take all the guess work out of getting that perfect box..
Three unique tuning holes for eight different tones and frequencies. Easily and loudly reproduces di..
The angle of this plate is set at 30 degrees, and the large "Y" cut in the second reed makes it perf..
The angle of this plate is set at 30 degrees; the large "V" cut in the second reed makes it perfect ..
Ivory Plate Single Cow, calf and satellite bull sounds..
The Little BIG Roar reproduces aggressive buck grunts that you will most commonly hear during peak t..
The most accurate buck grunts and Challenge WheezeÂ of any deer call that Primos have ever made and..
If goose hunting is going to be your focus, this is the pack for you. Our Mastering The Art® Waterfo..
The Mean Mallard Double features Tone Ridges and Tuning Ditches on the sounding board which give..

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is the process by which living things give rise to offspring?" and the following answer choices: 
- DNA
 - photosynthesis
 - bird
 - sex
 - subtraction
 - gametes
 - eggs
 - ovum

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and sex equals reproduction, choose the best answer.

Target Text: sex

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.514479
Retrieved Text: Asexually reproducing organism can cope with a changing environment only through relatively rare spontaneous mutations that prove to be beneficial.
This process does not allow any variation in their population, though it is opposite in the case of sexual reproduction, which accepts variations in their population.
These offsprings are parents again give rise to new one.
No fertilization occurs during asexual reproduction. And due to which sexual reproduction is considered as the most fundamental aspect of evolution. These offspring are usually referred to as clones . Time is taken to complete Multiplication is very rapid and in lesser time. Starfish Regenerating its Legs Agamogenesis Any form of reproduction which does not involve male gametes is known as agamogenesis.
What is asexual reproduction? Types of asexual reproduction There are several different types of asexual reproduction but the most common ones include binary fission, budding, fragmentation and spores.
The number of offspring may vary from two to many and are genetically similar in asexual reproduction whereas the number of offspring produced are less in number comparatively which are genetically different from their parents.
There are specialized organs present in male and female gametes for sexual reproduction in plant and animals. If it continues to grow normally it can eventually become a baby. This combination of gametes is named treatment.
Both of these forms of reproduction occur in plants, fungi and animals however the specific form of reproduction will depend on the species . Puffballs Emitting Spores Sexual Reproduction of Plants Bryophytes like liverworts, mosses, and hornworts consist of motile sperms with flagella.
Fertilization takes place in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.66178
Retrieved Text: Check new design of our homepage! Reproduction is one of the distinguishing features of living organisms, and is essential for the survival of any species. Such perpetuation of species is achieved through two fundamental Reproduce asexually - sexual and asexual. Sexual reproduction involves the formation of a zygote, through the fusion of gametes from two parents.
The zygote develops into an embryo, and grows into an offspring. On the other hand, asexual reproduction involves Reproduce asexually formation of a genetically identical offspring from a single individual. The primitive life forms predominantly exhibit asexual reproduction. The ability to exist in two genders evolved with the changing environment. With the increase in complexity of the newly evolved life forms, the dominance of asexual reproduction decreased.
Nevertheless, each kingdom encompasses a set of strictly asexual organisms, as well as a set of organisms characterized by the presence of both sexual and asexual phases. What is Asexual Reproduction? Asexual reproduction is a reproductive process devoid of gamete formation and fertilization, and mostly proceeds via mitosis. The resultant offspring is a clone of the parent organism due to Reproduce asexually absence Reproduce asexually genetic exchange.
Budding, fission, fragmentation, vegetative propagation, etc. Such reproductive cycles complete in less time, as compared to sexual reproduction, which serves as an evolutionary advantage. However, owing to the lack of genetic variation, the ability to adapt to changing environment is limited.
In asexual organisms, genetic Reproduce asexually can Reproduce asexually only through random mutations. Being so, they are dependent on favorable mutations to cope with environmental changes. List of Organisms

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.933886
Retrieved Text: Reproach of Men » Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Reproach of Men > Bible Versions > Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
The following table is used to illustrate how fundamental doctrines are affected by the different underlying texts and translation methods used in the ‘modern’ versions of the Bible. This table is helpful in seeing the differences that would be obscured by other, more tedious methods of comparison (such as having two different bibles open and doing a line by line study).
With this in mind, please examine the verses in the versions presented below. This particular comparison addresses the tri-unity of the Godhead, normally called the Trinity.
Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device. Acts 17:29 Therefore since we are God’s offspring, we should not think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone – an image made by man’s design and skill.
Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: Romans 1:20 for since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities – his eternal power and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.643272
Retrieved Text: How to ‘deal’ with evolution’s biggest argument!
The process of natural selection is valid and accepted by virtually all scientists (creationists and evolutionists). It shows creatures change over time.
Most people equate natural selection to ‘molecules to man’ evolution. It’s the biggest ‘proof’ for evolution offered in classrooms or media. Because natural selection can be scientifically demonstrated, many people believe ‘evolution’ has been proven.
When children are born it’s common to discuss whose features they have. ‘She’s got daddy’s nose’ or ‘mommy’s eyes’. Everyone knows that genetic information for the child was inherited from their parents. It’s the result of mixing together genetic information from mom and dad.
Let’s use an example comparing a deck of cards to the genetic information in living things (dogs for example). This will help us understand how changes happen. It’s simple and accurate enough to teach the concept.
Natural selection is the intellectual ‘fool’s gold’ of evolutionary theory … it looks good but fails when tested.
Shuffle the cards and deal hands of five cards each. Each hand is different. They change each time you deal them, but because of a limited amount of cards, they only change so much!
This is a good example of how God made all of the living things on Earth. He made them with an incredible amount of genetic information! Each time they deal out (produce offspring) some of the information that a living thing has, you get a different combination of information (a different hand of cards)!
The chihuahua has descended from the wolf, but has less variety than it. Wolves

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.614897
Retrieved Text: The theory of evolution explains how the enormous variety of life could come into existence. How was it possible for primitive life forms to spawn the millions of different creatures that exist today?
NARRATOR: Mechanisms of evolution. What is evolution? Evolution is the development of life on Earth. This is a process that began billions of years ago and is still continuing to this day. Evolution tells us how it was possible for the enormous diversity of life to develop. It shows us how primitive Protozoa could become the millions of different species that we see today.
Evolution, then, is the answer to the question that we have all asked on seeing a Daschund and a Great Dane together: how is it possible for ancestors to have descendants that look so very different to them? In answering this question, we want to focus on animals, excluding other forms of life such as fungi and plants. The first question to ask is therefore: how can one animal develop into a whole new species of animal? Ah, but just a quick question: what exactly is a species?
A species is a community of animals that is capable of producing offspring with one another, with those offspring also being capable of reproducing in turn. To understand this answer better, we need to take a closer look at the following points: the uniqueness of living creatures, guaranteed through the excess production of offspring and heredity; and, as a second key point, selection.
Let's begin with uniqueness. Every creature that exists is unique, and this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.570295
Retrieved Text: Life Cycle: the sequence of all stages through which an organism passes - going from egg to adult.
Every living species is somehow involved in reproducing and making offspring. Most of us are familiar with how humans and mammals make babies, but do all creatures reproduce in the same way?
Do insects, like the beetle, give birth to little insects? To answer this question, we are going to examine the reproductive process of the mealworm beetle.
Have you ever seen this beetle? They are commonly sold as pet food and bait. Still don't recognize it? That's because the "beetle" isn't what is sold, it's the "mealworm."
To explain this, we need to follow the life of a beetle. Before a beetle is born, its parents have to mate, then its mother lays an egg. After a while, the egg hatches and the baby goes through many stages in its life cycle before it becomes an adult and is capable of making offspring of its own.
Article: How Do Beetles Reproduce?
The little mealworms you might find in your cereal or flour grow up to become beetles called Tenebrio molitor.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.138653
Retrieved Text: Stream Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace [Explicit] by The Offspring and tens of . Audio CD (June 17, ); Parental Advisory ed. edition; Original Release Date: . The Offspring's metal-inflected punk became a popular sensation in , selling over four million albums on an independent record label. While the group's. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. By The Offspring. • 12 songs. Play on Spotify. 1. Half-Truism. 2. Trust In You. 3. You're Gonna Go Far.
9 Jun Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace, the band's eighth album, is the culmination of two years writing and recording, a first for an Offspring release. 29 Jul Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace () July 29th the same, and because of that listening to Rise & Fall, Rage & Grace was somehow. Half-Truism, Trust In You, You're Gonna Go Far, Kid, Hammerhead, A Lot Like Me , Takes Me Nowhere, Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?, Nothingtown, Stuff Is. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace. The Offspring. Released K. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace Tracklist. 1. Half-Truism Lyrics. 2. Trust in You Lyrics. 3. Tracklist with lyrics of the album RISE AND FALL, RAGE AND GRACE  from The Offspring, including the top song: You're Gonna Go Far, Kid. Click here .
June 17th, Columbia Records Album Credits. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. Share this album?Share. Download: |. 1. Half-Truism Download: |. "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a punk rock song by The Offspring. It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album Rise and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.445173
Retrieved Text: The characteristics of our universe, its matter and energy, and its physical laws are the result Darwinian evolution.
To the extent that a universe possesses characteristics that are favorable to the emergence of an intelligent life that is eventually capable of governing its universe in reproduction, that universe is more likely to proliferate, passing on its characteristics to a greater number of offspring. In this manner, successive generations of universes possess characteristics that are progressively favorable to the emergence of intelligent life, specifically, life that is eventually capable of governing the activities of its own universe to the reproductive advantage that universe.
One or more universes produce a universe as offspring. The offspring universe inherits the characteristics of the parent universe(s).
Over a period of perhaps billions of years, the offspring universe develops natural, biological, intelligent life via evolution. This formation of intelligent life is a natural consequence of the offspring universe’s inherited characteristics. This biological, intelligent life then produces a greater intelligence by some (unknown) combination of several processes, such as by controlling its own evolution, by constructing and merging with computer technology, or by constructing and being replaced by computer-based intelligent life.
The intelligent life grows in complexity until it gains the capacity to govern its own universe, specifically in the act of reproduction.
Under the control of its governing intelligence, the offspring universe reproduces, passing on its characteristics to its own offspring, thereby completing the Darwinian cycle. This reproduction may take the form of fission, budding, or sexual reproduction with one or more other universes. Note that the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.405388
Retrieved Text: One of the most precious and often unnoticed things in the universe we take for granted as we go about our daily business, is life itself. If we stand still in the street for a few moments and consciously look around us for things that are living, it suddenly becomes apparent that our immediate environment is teeming with life. Apart from fellow humans, every animal, creature or insect from a dog or a bird, to a spider or an ant abound around us. Other forms of plant life are equally abundant from a tree to a blade of grass or even a speck of moss growing on a roof. Unseen life in the form of bacteria to microbes are everywhere including inside our own bodies. With so many forms of life around us, its remarkable that mankind still does not know what life actually is.
We certainly know the difference between something that is living and something that is dead but what we do not know is what that something is. I will not get involved in religious argument about the “soul” or other planes of existence, none of which I accept, as common sense dictates there is no difference between a dead person or a dead leaf. Both become non-living organic material.
I find it strange that so much speculation is given to the possibility of finding extra terrestrial forms of life in the universe without our even understanding what life actually is. I do accept it is inevitable that other life forms will exist in the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.153622
Retrieved Text: Internal fertilization is the process when the syngamy (union of male and female gamete) occurs inside the female body after insemination using copulation. In contrast, External fertilization is the syngamy outside the female body, that is in the outer environment especially in water bodies.
Internal fertilization is followed by mammals, birds, while external fertilization is supported by mostly aquatic animals and few amphibians.
We all are aware of the word fertilization, which defines the union of sperm (male gamete) and egg nucleus (female gamete) to produce diploid cell or zygote, which further develops or grow into the young ones of their generation. Internal and External fertilization are the two types of fertilization, which takes place among various groups of animals, and with this content, we will be discussing the diverse features of them.
Meaning The process of fusion of male and female gamete (sperm and egg) taking place inside the body of the female, is called as internal fertilization. The process of fusion of male and female gamete (sperm and egg) taking place in the external environment (in water bodies) and so-called as external fertilization.
Gametes released Less number of gametes (sperms) are released, which gets deposited inside the female body. Numerous gametes (sperms and egg) are released into the environment. These gametes are of male as well as of female.
Process involves Only male gametes are released or discharged into the female genital tract. Both male and female release or discharge their gametes in their external surrounding.
Further process of development (syngamy) occurs inside the body only. Further process of development

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.747482
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Course 3 of the specialisation! In this module we will look at what innovation is, in the broadest possible context, and how the innovations humans devise to solve complex problems are the continuation of a much bigger and more critical trend.
The big question for this segment is how can natural selection generate complexity?
it's a solution first suggested by Charles Darwin.
This solution is called natural selection and it's based on a few simple principles.
Firstly, individuals within species exhibit variation.
Secondly, only some of these individuals get to reproduce.
track mates better or raise their young better.
allows some individuals to reproduce.
ensure that advantageous variations are pass to offspring.
reproduce in the current environment are passed to your offspring.
how they behave can change as variations accumulate generation by generation.
can accumulate into the huge numbers and complexity of species on Earth.
partly because of the enormous length of time involved.
because they happen right in front of our eyes.
Take a snowflake, for instance.
but what if snowflakes could reproduce?
molecular principles, and that's exactly what happens in living things.
generates the complexity that we see in the natural world.
generate this complexity and I'm going to use three different examples.
biologists at the Imperial College London.
They started with some computer generated audio loops that sounded like this.
Listeners were asked to rate parts of the sound waves.
Those that got the most votes were allowed to reproduce and recombine.
After about 4,000 generations, this is what it sounded like.
So, simply allowing some favored variants to reproduce has generated complexity.
And incidentally, some beauty as well.
When humans apply selection to organisms, it's called

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.70232
Retrieved Text: Downsizing is traditionally defined by moving into a smaller and cheaper property, often motivated by reducing living expenses, retiring or becoming empty-nesters. But rightsizing, or my-sizing, is all about finding the house perfect for your needs, whether larger or smaller.
According to Strutt & Parker’s Housing Futures report, the main reasons for moving home are finances and lifestyle reasons.
Jake Civardi at Strutt & Parker’s Winchester office says: “In the Winchester area I have noticed a rise in sellers in an ‘in-between’ life stage, where the older offspring may have left home, and perhaps there has been a job change.
“They are not ready to give up the four bedrooms for the children quite yet, but they no longer need to be close to the top school. These ‘my-sizers’ are often giving up acreage and square footage to be situated closer to amenities.
“Over the last few weeks we have sold some good Winchester houses to buyers moving from the countryside whose aim is to move to a good sized house but with less garden.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.678185
Retrieved Text: Are ‘Designer Offspring’ Our Destiny?
It’s an axiom that parents aspire to the best for their children — from good health to the best of admired traits. Yet our primary recourse is to roll the dice in picking a spouse or partner, hoping that the resulting blend of chromosomes will lead to offspring who are healthy, smart, happy, attractive, fit, and a lot else. Gene editing, now concentrated on medical applications, will offer ways to significantly raise the probability of human offspring manifesting the traits parents seek: ‘designer offspring’. What, then, are the philosophical and sociological implications of using gene editing to influence the health-related wellbeing of offspring, as well as to intervene into the complex traits that define those offspring under the broader rubric of human enhancement and what we can and ought to do?
The idea is to alter genes for particular outcomes, guided by previous mapping of every gene in the human body. To date, these selected outcomes have targeted averting or curing disorders, like cystic fibrosis, Huntington’s, and sickle-cell disease, stemming from gene mutations. As such, one of the central bioethical issues is for parents to freely decide which disorders are ‘unacceptable’ and thus to prevent or fix through gene editing. The public, and the medical field, already make similar medical decisions all the time in the course of treatments: stem cells to grow transplantable organs, AI-controlled robotic surgery, and vaccinations, among innumerable others. The aim is to avoid or cure health disorders, or minimally to mitigate symptoms.
As a matter of societal norms, these

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.651268
Retrieved Text: According to a new study conducted on the effects of taking Paracetamol and other drugs during pregnancy, it is found that these drugs may cause fertility issues for the young one in the womb. This is based on the test study conducted on rats because the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans.
The rats that took the pain medication gave birth to offspring which had less number of eggs and smaller ovaries compared to the offspring of normal rats.
They also produced fewer babies.
Infant male offspring had fewer cells to give rise to sperm but their fertility became normal when they reached adulthood.
The negative effects of paracetamol are found to be greater in female offspring when compared to the male offspring. As the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans, it is wise to take precautions.
Paracetamol is usually taken to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, cold and headaches while Indomethacin is used for arthritis pain management and inflammation.
It is also necessary to consider the fact that the research is performed on rats and not humans. The co-author of the study mentioned that there must be further research to understand the mechanism by which the drugs affect the baby’s reproductive system in the womb. He also suggested that it is necessary to know if shorter doses of the drugs have the same effect. However, it is best for pregnant women to take precautions during all three trimesters to avoid any such health issues.
Minimize the use of paracetamol and other painkillers.
Do not take over-the-counter medications for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.455166
Retrieved Text: Natural selection refers to the process through which individuals with characteristics that are beneficial for reproduction in a particular environment leave more offspring in the following generation thus increasing the percentage their genes within population gene pool over time. Natural selection is the primary mechanism of evolutionary transformation, and is the most significant concept in biology. Natural selection, the uniting idea of life, was proposed initially by Charles Darwin, and is representative of his single utmost contribution to science. Natural selection takes place in any reproducing population that is encountering a variable or changing environment. The environment consists of not only physical factors like climate or terrain but also living factors like prey, predators, in addition to other members of a population.
- Overproduction of offspring- populations tend to develop more progeny than can survive to maturity in any given generation.
- Heredity- this is where offspring inherit their mannerism from their parents in the form of genes.
- Competition for resources- individuals ought to compete for food, mates, nesting sites, or other resources that influence their capability to reproduce well because of excess population.
- Heritable individual variations- population’s members have minor variations among them, either in height, beak shape, eyesight acuity, rate of egg production, or other mannerisms that might influence reproduction and survival. A trait can be passed on to offspring if it has a genetic basis.
Natural selection occurs inescapably when all these factors are provided. By definition, members of a populace that replicate the most will leave many offspring for the following generation. These offspring inherits

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.364489
Retrieved Text: As a member of CFSA, you or your partner/ family member can access our programs and services to make living with CF that little bit easier.
Annual CFSA membership is $25 for individual adults with CF or $40 for a family membership. Click here to sign up as a valued member of CFSA!
Sometimes hospital visits can be dull and lonely. CFSA staff will visit you or your child in hospital when needed. We also provide inpatients with age appropriate Boredom Buster Bags to keep them occupied during their hospital admission.
Members can hire the above equipment for a small monthly fee and a refundable $100 deposit. For availability and information on which nebuliser would best suit your needs contact CFSA.
The physical effects and medical costs associated with CF can be overwhelming. CFSA offers a range of subsidies to individuals with CF and their families to assist with expenses in maintaining health and wellbeing.
Please note some subsidies have eligibility requirements which members must meet in order to access the service. If you would like more information about financial assistance please contact the CFSA office.
Receiving a diagnosis of CF can be a very stressful time for families. There is so much new information to process in the unfamiliar environment of a hospital.
CFSA supports individuals and families and can assist them in understanding what the diagnosis means. We assist by providing opportunities to talk with and meet other parents and attend activities and seminars to learn about and feel part of the new community.
Those families who experience a new diagnosis will

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.288301
Retrieved Text: If you wanted to do an experiment on how a new blood pressure medication affects the risk of stroke. How could you ensure that there was only one difference between the treatment groups, but still have the most meaningful data possible?
Have the volunteers live normally, but use a large sample and randomly assign the treatments.
What does the theory of special creation predict about the geographic relationships of closely related species?
No specific predictions (species are found where they are because God wanted them that way).
Plant cells have 3 types of genomes (nuclear, mitochondrial, and chloroplast) that are inherited independently. From each, we can estimate the relationships among species based on similarities and differences in homologous DNA sequences. If species evolve (share ancestry), what pattern is predicted?
The relationship among plant species will be the same for all 3 genomes.
Under the theory of evolution as formulated by Lamarck, why would the traits of Pacific oysters change in response to ocean acidification?
Individuals in low pH conditions would grow shells more efficiently in response. These changes would be passed on to offspring.
Which of the following experiments would be the best way to test the theory of evolution as formulated by Lamarck?
Keep a population of mice in cold conditions. (In response, the mice will draw their tails up to conserve heat.) Continue for many generations. Measure tail length each generation.
What is a chromosome composed of ?
In corn snakes, red blotches (R) are dominant over black (r). A red-blotched snake is mated to a black blotched snake, and the only offspring is one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.267284
Retrieved Text: The process by which parents pass characteristics or traits on to their children.
People and other organisms where there are parents and offspring.
A way that some diseases and disorders are passed from parents to offspring.
7. Which of the following genotypes is considered to be heterozygous?
9. What carries the genetic instructions for the development of an organism?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.196903
Retrieved Text: 15 After these things the word of the Lord came to Abram in a vision: “Fear not, Abram, I am your shield; your reward shall be very great.” 2 But Abram said, “O Lord God, what will you give me, for I continue childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?” 3 And Abram said, “Behold, you have given me no offspring, and a member of my household will be my heir.” 4 And behold, the word of the Lord came to him: “This man shall not be your heir; your very own son shall be your heir.” 5 And he brought him outside and said, “Look toward heaven, and number the stars, if you are able to number them.” Then he said to him, “So shall your offspring be.” 6 And he believed the Lord, and he counted it to him as righteousness.
9 And God said to Abraham, “As for you, you shall keep my covenant, you and your offspring after you throughout their generations. 10 This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your offspring after you: Every male among you shall be circumcised.
• Wait, Are You Coming or Going?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.068449
Retrieved Text: This glossary defines terms that you might encounter when studying zoology.
Photo © Westend61 / Getty Images.
An autotroph is an organism that obtains its carbon from carbon dioxide. Autotrophs need not feed on other organisms, since they can synthesize the carbon compounds they need for energy using sunlight and carbon dioxide.
The term binocular refers to a type of vision that arises from the ability of an animal to view an object with both eyes at the same time. Since the view from each eye is slightly different (due to the eyes being positioned at different locations on the animal's head), animals with binocular vision perceive depth with great precision. Binocular vision is often characteristic of predator species such as hawks, owls, cats, and snakes. Binocular vision offers predators precise visual information needed to spot and capture their prey. In contrast, many prey species have eyes positioned on either side of their head. They lack binocular vision but instead have a wide field of view that helps them spot approaching predators.
Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is the genetic material of all living things (except viruses). Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is a nucleic acid that occurs in most viruses, all bacteria, chloroplasts, mitochondria, and the nuclei of eucaryotic cells. DNA consists of a deoxyribose sugar in each nucleotide.
An ecosystem is a unit of the natural world that includes all the parts and interactions of the physical environment and the biological world.
Ectothermy is the ability of an organism maintain their body temperature by absorbing heat from their environment. They obtain heat either via

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.234514
Retrieved Text: Many creatures that live in caves are blind. Yet their ancestors were sighted. This is a great example of evolution.
I did my master’s research on the cave beetle, Ptomaphagus hirtus. This beetle’s ancestors scavenged for food underneath the leaf litter on forest floors. Since it’s dark under the leaf litter, eyes were of little use even to these immediate ancestors. But much earlier ancestors had eyes and used them.
Though the circumstances differed for the ancestors of other cave animals, like fish or crayfish, the natural selection process was similar. In the cave, except at the cave mouth, there is absolutely no light. So eyes are of no use at all. It takes energy to build eyes, and for living organisms, energy is like money. The less energy an organism has to expend, the better off that organism is in terms of evolution.
Here’s why: Let’s take my Ptomaphagus beetle. Like all living things, the Ptomaphagus beetle has to expend energy to mate and lay eggs. The less energy the beetle expends building and maintaining useless eyes, the more energy it has for building and laying high quality eggs, which lead to successful new beetles.
“Survival of the fittest” means the most fit beetles will pass on the copies of their genes to more or larger new generations of offspring. So in a cave, the most fit beetles will be those that lose genes necessary for building and maintaining eyes, for this loss will save energy that otherwise would be wasted. The very fit blind beetles will pass on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.232761
Retrieved Text: Evolutionism is the claim that all of life's diversity arose via blind and mindless processes starting from some unknown replicators. It is an untestable claim that has no business being taught in science classrooms.
One of its untestable claims is that sexual reproduction somehow evolved by blind and mindless processes, which is just one of the untestable claims evolutionism makes.
The first problem is meiosis. Now I am sure that you can search the internet and find articles on the evolution of sexual reproduction. Go ahead and read them. You will see they are full of speculation based on the assumption that sexual reproduction did evolve. Not one will contain any science that demonstrates what the papers say is true. And that is the crux of the problem.
The same can be said for the alleged evolution of meiosis. That is still all speculation and as such doesn't belong in a science classroom. You cannot have sexual reproduction without meiosis. And seeing that natural selection and drift (blind and mindless processes) rely on trial and error it makes you wonder how those processes could have hit on meiosis. Did the first offspring of the first sexually reproducing populations have a full complement of both parents' DNA? If they did and survived then meiosis was required at that step. But think about the next generation and all the DNA those cells would carry. Sooner, rather than later, the cells would be overloaded with DNA.
That said, once sexual reproduction took hold it all but ended any hope of Common Descent (ie

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.216066
Retrieved Text: Natural selection is one of the supporting mechanisms for the Theory of Evolution. The basic way that it is supposed to work is that as the environment changes, the life form has to adapt with mutations that help it survive, or it dies off. Example: If you take a animal that is used to living in the hot climate of Africa, and put it in the cold weather of Greenland. Unless it grows more hair, and it’s body speeds up the metabolism to make more body heat, it will likely die. And the next generation won’t even be born with the adaptations. So the ongoing process of evolution cannot happen. But if the animal adapts then the next generation will more than likely get those traits.
Intelligent creation is where a animal was created already with the information, or not, in it’s DNA to adapt to such a situation as explained above. If it does have the information in it’s DNA, then it will survive. If it does not, it will die.
Symbiotic Relationships is just one problem. In the supposed evolution process, plants came before animal or insect life. And there has to be enough plants to make oxygen for the developing atmosphere. The problem is 75% of the existing plants on the planet require pollination. Pollination is done by insects. Insects were not around yet so any plant that required pollination died with no offspring. A perfect example of this problem is the problem of disappearing bees (bees dying due to pesticides etc…). Bees pollinate 70%

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.215021
Retrieved Text: Officials with the ruling coalition are considering a new cigarette tax in fiscal 2017 to make up for a projected drop in government revenues.
Shoppers looking to buy eco-friendly vehicles got some good news: the government will extend its subsidy program for hybrids and EV’s through fiscal 2016.
Japanese scientists are warning that a rise in sea temperatures due to global warming could lead to an increase in so-called super typhoons.
A government survey has found that about 1,000 police officers, firefighters, and SDF personnel were exposed to at least one millisievert of radiation in the immediate aftermath of the March 11 disaster. The figure represents the yearly exposure limit.
Members of a research team from Kyoto University have observed a female chimpanzee at a national park in Tanzania nursing and caring for an offspring suffering from a severe disability.
Officials in Tokyo and Maryland have signed an agreement to streamline the process for Japanese expats living in the state to obtain a driver’s license.
The agreement, which is the first of its kind, also covers Maryland residents living in Japan.
Prime Minister Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to visit all five countries in Central Asia.
And he managed to conduct some serious business on his trip, cementing deals for infrastructure development in Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.
Newly minted Nobel Prize laureate Takaaki Kajita has another trophy for his mantle: the Breakthrough Prize, which is awarded annually by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs for achievements in science.
A Tokyo-based photographer is compiling an album that features portraits of all 1,122 residents of Hayakawa, Yamanashi Prefecture—the smallest town

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.204842
Retrieved Text: By -Rengaswami Rajaraman , Duane L Guernsey , Murali M Rajaraman and Selva R Rajaraman :We describe the basic tenets of the current concepts of cancer biology, and review the recent advances on the suppressor role of senescence in tumor growth and the breakdown of this barrier during the origin of tumor growth. Senescence phenotype can be induced by (1) telomere attrition-induced senescence at the end of the cellular mitotic life span (MLS*) and (2) also by replication history-independent, accelerated senescence due to inadvertent activation of oncogenes or by exposure of cells to genotoxins. Tumor suppressor genes p53/pRB/p16INK4A and related senescence checkpoints are involved in effecting the onset of senescence.
However, senescence as a tumor suppressor mechanism is a leaky process and senescent cells with mutations or epimutations in these genes escape mitotic catastrophe-induced cell death by becoming polyploid cells. These polyploid giant cells, before they die, give rise to several cells with viable genomes via nuclear budding and asymmetric cytokinesis. This mode of cell division has been termed neosis and the immediate neotic offspring the Raju cells.
The latter inherit genomic instability and transiently display stem cell properties in that they differentiate into tumor cells and display extended, but, limited MLS, at the end of which they enter senescent phase and can undergo secondary/tertiary neosis to produce the next generation of Raju cells. Neosis is repeated several times during tumor growth in a non-synchronized fashion, is the mode of origin of resistant tumor growth and contributes to tumor cell heterogeneity and continuity. The main event during neosis

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.167046
Retrieved Text: What are all the breeding techniques?
What are all the breeding techniques that changes a Pokemon that is being breed in any way?
Include information on Egg Moves, IVs, Everstone, Japanese Ditto, Incense, Natures etc.
I know quite a lot about breeding but don't know if there is something that I am missing which would speed up the process of getting the "perfect" Pokemon so could you please include detailed information on every aspect of breeding - even though I am competent in implementing many techniques such as those concerning egg moves - as what you say will probably be helpful to others as well.
Thanks guys, it was the information about Destiny Knots and Everstones that I needed.
These are basically moves that are passed down from a parent to an offspring Pokemon.
However, there are only some specific moves that are passed down from the parents.
For Eg.- We have two Sesmitoads, a male and a female, and the male one has the moves Drain Punch and Earth Power. Breeding them together will result in a Tympole which knows Earth Power but not Drain Punch. This is because Tymople does not get the move Drain Punch as an egg move. See more here.
These are usually moves which Pokemon cannot get through normal means, such as the Earth Power Tympole as stated in example. In Gen 5, only males can pass down egg moves, but in Gen 6, if breeding with a Pokemon of the same species or Ditto, females can pass down egg moves as well.
These are genetic factors in Pokemon,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.165586
Retrieved Text: The Offspring have revealed that they have finished recording their new studio album.
The record, which is the ninth of the band’s career, is the follow-up to their 2008 effort ‘Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace’ and their first album with new drummer Pete Parada.
The California punks have not indicated when the record is likely to be released or what it will be titled. Only one song title has been revealed, with a track titled ‘You Will Find A Way’ set to feature on the record.
The band are set to tour this summer, with their festival appearances set to include Rock In Rio festival in Portugal, Punkspring festival in Japan and Denmark’s Skive festival.
The Offspring have yet to confirm any UK shows – they were last in the UK to appear at last summer’s Reading And Leeds Festivals.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.126728
Retrieved Text: The process of natural selection had begun. As variations arose by chance, some tended toward the preservation of the individual, others toward its destruction. Those variations, however slight, which were in any degree profitable to the individual cell in its complex relations to other cells and to the external environment tended toward its preservation, and only those cells which happened to possess the most profitable variations survived. In this way, nature improved upon her products; simple living cells became more sophisticated and their characteristics became more diverse.
Plant and animal cells of a similar type began to unite into colonies. Reproduction continued. Offspring tended to inherit the advantages that their parents had exhibited, and in the billions of young colonies produced, the number of offspring was increasing geometrically.
Competition arose among the increasing numbers of living things. Food, space, water, and air were in demand. The slightest advantages helped to determine which animals and which plants would survive to pass on new characteristics to their offspring and which would simply perish.
The time was about 2,000 million years ago, and the earth was in its Archeozoic, or "primitive life," stages. All life was concentrated in the salt seas, in the forms of simple one-celled animals and plants. Extensive volcanic activity and mountain-building was going on, and there was no life outside the warm oceans.
Eight hundred million years passed, and the earth entered the Proterozoic, or "1st life," era. Invertebrate phyla evolved, becoming more and more varied from one another. After another 650 million years, the earth entered the Paleozoic

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.059965
Retrieved Text: Grief Without Belief: How Do Atheists Deal With Death?
He's dead and in the ground. I take great comfort in thinking that he's in a good place. Do we just become fertilizer, end of story? I am not questioning your beliefs and the why or where of it. I'm just asking what you think is the next step. If you think it's fertilizer, please lie to make it more interesting.
For all the talk of rationality, intellectual honesty, and objectivity we engage in as atheists, this is one of the most uncomfortable questions we have to wrestle with. What can we offer as a substitute for the emotional comfort religion offers believers in facing their own death, or that of their loved ones? What should we say to our believing family and friends when they are acutely grieving these losses?
My friend's note jolted me. Not because I didn't have a response. I did. I just wasn't sure how to articulate it in a way that was both accurate and emotionally supportive, her loss being so recent. It also forced me to revisit the death of my own father, who I had a very close relationship with.
Processing a horrific experience like the loss of a loved one using rationality and logic does help when you're trying to make sense of things, but not as much during those times you're feeling helpless and emotionally vulnerable. I can see how believing in God can help there.
That said, what do believers do with this God? Do they rage at him for cruelly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.946821
Retrieved Text: English: The English Programme of Study to be followed with the following areas forming the basis for the reading, writing, spelling and grammar work for each individual term. These units of work are based on the Scholastics English Scheme of work for K.S. 2 which explores different genres within each unit of work.
Maths: Plans to follow the 2014 Mathematics Curriculum based Hamilton Plans for Years 4 and 5 and on the Abacus Mathematics Scheme of Work for Year 6.
Year 4: Where on Earth? Our world from the ISS; Why different weather? Weather around the world.
Britain’s settlement by the Anglo-Saxons and Scot: Anglo-Saxon art and culture; Christian conversion; Canterbury, Iona and Lindisfarne.
The Viking and Anglo-Saxon struggle for the Kingdom of England to the time of Edward the Confessor: Viking raids and invasion.
Year 4 (with Year 3): Islam – inspirational people; Christianity – The 10 Commandments; Remembrance Day; Christmas.
Years 5 and 6: Hinduism: worship, pilgrimage and special places; Christianity: beliefs and questions / Christmas.
Science: Scientific skills including the use of different scientific techniques to answer questions, the setting up of simple comparative and fair tests, being able to make systematic and careful observations and recording and presenting data in a variety of ways.
Animals including Humans: Habitats and Food Chains; Construct and interpret a variety of food chains and food webs; Identify producers, predators and prey; Recognise that living things are interdependent; Recognise that animals and plants are suited to and adapt to their environment; Investigate living things in a considerate way.
Nutrition: Sorting foods/ Digestion; Identify that animals, including

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What comes from reproduction?" and the following answer choices: 
- babies
 - protein
 - pollution
 - dead cells
 - Energy
 - seeds
 - Most plants
 - children

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and most people want to have children who are the biological offspring of both parents, choose the best answer.

Target Text: children

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 17.772337
Retrieved Text: THE BAT (1959) with Vincent Price! 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
"The Double Horror Sensation of the Year!" A double feature lobby card reproduction. Full color 11X14 in a protective acrylic slip sleeve.
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST (Jack Peirce werewolf beast make-up!/1962). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BEGINNING OF THE END (1957) - Giant Grasshoppers! 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BLACK CAT (1934/Karloff-Lugosi). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
11X14 lobby card reproduction on card stock. Comes in an acrylic, sturdy protective clear slip sleeve.
11X14 Lobby Card Reproduction on card stock. Comes in a heavy clear acrylic slip sleeve for protection.
11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve. Barbara Steele as restrained witch.
11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve. Rotting vampire in coffin!
BLOOD AND ROSES (1961). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BLOOD OF DRACULA (1958) - Female vampire attacks! 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BODY SNATCHER (1945/Boris Karloff pictured). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BOWERY AT MIDNIGHT (1942/Lugosi holds machine gun). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.
BOY AND THE PIRATES (1960/Bert I. Gordon).
BRIDES OF DRACULA (Hammer). 11X14 Lobby Card reproduction. Comes in a heavy protective, clear acrylic slip sleeve.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 17.535639
Retrieved Text: Here it is! I can’t tell you how long I’ve wanted one of these, it’s been years. An original Barbie Dream house from 1962 not a reproduction but the original! I’m so excited to have one finally and wanted to share some pictures with you.
It’s in superb condition complete with all the original furniture. The handle and snaps are intact which is rare and the cardboard structure has survived extremely well. It’s a fantastic example and shows just how well it was made.
I purchased it from a seller in the states and had it shipped over to the UK, a fair price and fair postage. What stung me were the import duties grr, that’s always a downer when trying to obtain certain items but as this item never comes up in the UK I bit the bullet and went for it. I’m so pleased I did.
Barbie collector have just produced a reproduction Dream house new for 2017, It’s identical in every way and even comes with a reproduction ponytail Barbie, very nice but as I always say original is best and I always prefer the non reproduction items because I love the history as in who played with it etc, etc.
I hope to create some exciting scenes in the near future especially for the holiday’s, I’m on the hunt for a miniature Christmas tree!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.687317
Retrieved Text: Spend 100,00€ more and get Free Shipping!
Some products may be excluded.
This magnificent transparent cube contains a reproduction of a Tintin adventure scene. Each and every detail is captured faithfully with regard to the original. Tintin and Snowy take a stroll in the bush. Based on page 27 of "Tintin in the Congo". This quality figurine comes with a cardboard background scene.
This magnificent transparent cube contains a reproduction of a Tintin adventure scene. Each and every detail is captured faithfully with regard to the original. Tintin reads a book about South American tribes while Snowy takes a nap. This scene is taken from page 2 of "The Broken Ear". This quality figurine comes with a cardboard background scene.
This magnificent transparent cube contains a reproduction of a Tintin adventure scene. Each and every detail is captured faithfully with regard to the original. Oh no! Snowy! Tintin picks up the model of the Unicorn, which Snowy has just knocked over. This scene is taken from page 5 of "The Secret of the Unicorn".
This magnificent transparent cube contains a reproduction of a Tintin adventure scene. Each and every detail is captured faithfully with regard to the original. Tintin and Snowy hurry to return the sceptre to the King of Syldavia! Will they make it in time? This scene is taken from page 47 of "King Ottokar's Sceptre".
This magnificent transparent cube contains a reproduction of a Tintin adventure scene. Each and every detail is captured faithfully with regard to the original. Tintin and Snowy march towards Bobby Smiles' hideout. The gangster

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.930929
Retrieved Text: Is feminism an attack of the body? From Jennifer Roback Morse.
I think that SAHMs get paid less (or agree to less pay) because they value the experience more than the money. As a mom who's been out of the workforce for almost two years, I savor the time I do get working on small freelance projects from time to time. My hourly rate is actually pretty good, but I would probably do the same work for less, and happily. Keeping skills fresh and networking are invaluable to women wanting to re-enter the full time work-world in the future. And is the only mark of our value our paychecks? If so, then sisters we are in trouble!
I'm reading Amy Richards' new book and so have been thinking about feminism and our female bodies. I agree with Morse that on some level feminism is rejecting the biological realities of our bodies, especially when it comes to fertility and reproduction. If motherhood and reproduction are hindrances and oppressions one should avoid, then where do all our future sisters come from? Isn't there a biological imperative that we reproduce ourselves? And haven't we learned from our dystopian works of art that removing the biology and humanity from reproduction is a bad idea? See Brave New World.
And on to my favorite future First Lady....Michelle Obama will get slack from everyone no matter what she chooses, because she's a strong woman married to the future Leader of the Free World (please, please, let me get what I want this time). Sometimes in

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.863237
Retrieved Text: Kentucky Km-5000 Bill Monroe Centennial model #35/100. This is a reproduction of Bill's 1923 Gibson done by Kentucky. Signed by James Monroe with a pearl inlay of Bill Monroe's profile. Comes with a very nice reproduction case with heavy canvas case cover. Made from ultimate choice wood and spirit varnished.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.82422
Retrieved Text: . Gold Illuminated Reproduction Bibles .
Our large format (larger than 8 1/2 x 11 page sizes) 23.5 k gold leaf illuminated Reproduction Bible is printed on archival quality, acid free heavy stock paper in light colored parchment. The gatherings are sewn by hand. Each volume is then bound by hand in an old world period leather. Each Limited Edition Reproduction Bible comes with a Certificate of Authenticity.
NOTE: Our 36 Line Gutenberg Bible has no gold leafing. It is printed on a textured all cotton paper.
Also, we may from time to time make available a Facsimile Bible as a Value Added Reseller.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.772167
Retrieved Text: AA Third Edition, Fifth Printing, 1978 Big Books available for purchase.
NY: Alcoholics Anonymous World Services inc. 1978 Hardcover.
Other than previous owners name blackened out on first blank page, book is in FINE condition with ORIGINAL dust jacket in Very Good + condition.
Book is in Good + condition with wear to boards and sunning to spine. Comes with a reproduction dust jacket.
Book is in NEAR FINE condition with NO defects at all. 100% Gold Gilding. Comes with ORIGINAL dust jacket in VERY GOOD+ condition.
Book is in NEAR FINE condition with a few folded pages. 100% Gold Gilding. Comes with Reproduction Dust Jacket.
Book is in Very Good + condition. The cover is fading and the first page is torn out. No markings or writing on inside pages and gold gilt is 100%. Reproduction DJ.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.690616
Retrieved Text: Officially Licensed Swords and Weapons made by United Cutlery and other manufacturers from The Hobbit movies.
Thought to have been destroyed in the great battle between Orcs and Dwarves, Azog the Defiler has come forth once more, and he will stop at nothing to hunt down and destroy every last member of the company of Thorin Oakenshield. Azog’s primary weapon is his war mace. A primitive but brutal weapon, the mace was constructed of wood, leather, cord, and rough forged steel. This replica is based on the prop and models used for the film. It is crafted in steel reinforced polyresin with precise attention to detailing. It is presented with a poly stone wall mount featuring a graphic motif of Azog's tattoo scars.
This authentically detailed replica is a reproduction of the actual filming prop. The Morgul-blade is 25 1/8” (63.3cm) overall, featuring a stainless AUS-6 steel blade, solid metal hilt parts, and a leather wrapped grip, all authentically “aged” and “battle worn” with a distressed, acid-etched finish to duplicate the original movie prop as closely as possible. It is presented with a wood wall display (mounting hardware and instructions included) featuring a graphic motif of the Witch-king crown, and includes a certificate of authenticity.
Blade Material: Tempered AUS-6 stainless steel. Handle Material: Wood handgrip adorned with Elven vine design, solid metal guard and pommel. Comes with wooden plaque covered with Hobbit motifs.
Noble Collection Orcrist is officially licensed adult collectible reproduction from the Hobbit movie.
Blade made with tempered stainless steel. Handle with bone imitation, steel pommel and guard. Comes

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.648179
Retrieved Text: True to original style. This product is a faithful reproduction of the original style.
2 YEAR WARRANTY | Save 37% | This is a platinum quality reproduction of the 1956 Hans Wegner CH20 Elbow Chair. Hand carved from a choice of genuine American Ash or American Walnut, it is upholstered in 100% top-grain Italian Leather and comes with a Two (2) Year Warranty free of additional charge.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.617184
Retrieved Text: Following on from their immaculate TOS phaser reproduction which functioned as a universal remote, The Wand Company have now found a way to bring functionality to another classic Star Trek prop, the communicator. The new wireless handset communicator will allow us to make calls as if it were the real thing, connected to bluetooth enabled mobile devices. It will also work as a speaker, to stream music and other audio.
Like the phaser, this new communicator has been made using 3D scans of one of the original props, so as well as being a functional device, it is also probably the best reproduction of that prop ever offered. It is made from "pressed metal, die cast metal, machined aluminum and textured ABS to replicate the original hero prop", and also features a range of Star Trek sound effects and audio clips.
It comes complete in a transit case, and comes with a magnetic stand, which also functions as a wireless recharging port.
The communicator is due out in January, and is available for pre-order in the US from ThinkGeek and StarTrek.com, and in the UK from Firebox. Continue after the jump for more images.
Now one wonders, what functionality could they bring to a tricorder??
Growing up a trek fan in the late 80's and early 90's is really starting to pay off. I love the breadth and range of collectibles that are being offered today. If QMX would make some affordable ship replicas I would die a happy Trek fan.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.570419
Retrieved Text: Make someone's day a little brighter with a handwritten note on a Gene Autry note card or just say "Howdy!" on a Gene Autry post card. Each note card is blank inside and comes with an envelope. All items sold individually.
Reproduction of lobby card from Gene Autry's 1941 film Down Mexico Way.
Reproduction of lobby card from Gene Autry's 1939 film South of the Border.
Reproduction of lobby card from Gene Autry's 1939 film In Old Monterey.
Reproduction of lobby card from Gene Autry's 1939 film Mexicali Rose.
Home of Gene Autry, North Hollywood California"
Note card reproduction of promotional postcard of Champion and Gene Autry with signature salutation.
"Blue-Toned Gene Autry with Guitar"
Note card reproduction of blue-toned vending machine postcard of Gene Autry with his guitar and signature salutation.
"Black and White Smiling Gene Autry"
Note card reproduction of black and white vending machine postcard of a smiling Gene Autry with his signature.
"Black and White Handsome Gene Autry"
Note card reproduction of black and white vending machine postcard of a handsome Gene Autry with his signature.
Note card reproduction of color-tinted photo of Gene Autry with his name below the image.
"Gene Autry and the Cass County Boys"
Post card reproduction of black and white photo of Gene Autry singing with the Cass County Boys.
Post card with portraits of cowboy heroes from the movies.
"Gene Autry and His Cool Cowboy Clothes"
Post card reproduction of black and white photo of Gene Autry playing guitar while surrounded by his western boots, stylish shirts, and other cool cowboy clothing items.
"Color-Tinted Gene Autry on Rampant Champion"
Post card reproduction of promotional color-tinted postcard

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.408987
Retrieved Text: Vintage French Zoology Reproduction Print: This prints comes from a salvaged version of Faune de la Sénégambie with illustrations by Alphonse Trémeau de Rochebrune, a French botanist, malacologist and a zoologist. He was born September 18, 1836. The pages have been scanned in, cropped, and retouched to ensure the highest quality reproduction possible.
This print is digitally printed on velvet fine art paper, 100% cotton fiber, acid free, 15mil. All prints available in 2 sizes: 11x14 or 16x20.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.244491
Retrieved Text: Vi är specialiserade Knoll Sofa Reproduction tillverkare och leverantörer / fabrik från Kina. Partihandel Knoll Sofa Reproduction med hög kvalitet som lågt pris / billigt, ett av de Knoll Sofa Reproduction ledande varumärkena från Kina, Shenzhen Yadea furniture Co. Ltd..
Wholesale Knoll Sofa Reproduction from China, Need to find cheap Knoll Sofa Reproduction as low price but leading manufacturers. Just find high-quality brands on Knoll Sofa Reproduction produce factory, You can also feedback about what you want, start saving and explore our Knoll Sofa Reproduction, We'll reply you in fastest.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.198276
Retrieved Text: Does the phrase “authentic reproduction” sound strange? Numerous different dictionaries that I have consulted have subtle definition differences for the word “reproduction”, but they all basically say that a reproduction is simply “a copy of something.” The appearance of the copy may be very much like the original, or there may be glaring differences. Regardless of how much the copy looks like the original, there is always some difference that distinguishes one from the other.
Many times today, the word “reproduction” is used to imply that the piece being considered is not genuine, but strictly speaking the implication is not totally correct. The dictionary definitions have nothing to say regarding the maker of the original, nor the maker of the reproduction. The situation is disregarded that the maker of the original may also be the maker of a more recent piece that looks like the original to one degree or another. It is possible to have a reproduction that was made by an individual or company that did not make the original piece, and it is also possible to have a reproduction that was made by the individual or company that made the original. In the latter case the new piece is authentic.
We may not have considered it before, but based on the dictionary definition of a reproduction, the Nelson McCoy Pottery has made quite a few of what could be called reproductions. This comes about because the design of an initially produced piece in all of its sizes, colors, and the type of or lack of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.1631565
Retrieved Text: Vi är specialiserade Womb Chair Reproduction tillverkare och leverantörer / fabrik från Kina. Partihandel Womb Chair Reproduction med hög kvalitet som lågt pris / billigt, ett av de Womb Chair Reproduction ledande varumärkena från Kina, Shenzhen Yadea furniture Co. Ltd..
Wholesale Womb Chair Reproduction from China, Need to find cheap Womb Chair Reproduction as low price but leading manufacturers. Just find high-quality brands on Womb Chair Reproduction produce factory, You can also feedback about what you want, start saving and explore our Womb Chair Reproduction, We'll reply you in fastest.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.147714
Retrieved Text: It is important to notice that everything you see online doesn’t have to be relevant.
Due to digital marketing expansion, numerous companies decide to go for positive promotion in the form of paid reviewers on top websites. However, some sites such as Tripadvisor, have regulations that will reduce the possibility of reading promotional reviews from imaginary customers.
Therefore, when you check 1st Art Gallery on Tripadvisor, you will notice a wide array of positive reviews made by people who appreciate art and the idea of high-quality reproductions. The best thing about it is that you can check it in real time to find out what people love and what to expect.
Before you select an appropriate art reproduction company that will help you gain whatever you wanted in the first place, you should check out their website. If you cannot find the online presence of the company, we recommend you to avoid it altogether.
To check more on art reproduction, you can by clicking here.
You’ve probably heard about several stories where customers wanted to purchase art reproduction, and finally got something with poor quality and widespread damage. The best way to ensure that you make the qualifying purchase is to check everything before you order.
Before you decide to make a quality purchase, we recommend you to check the copyright laws so that you can ensure that you’re not doing anything illegal. Therefore, the copyright becomes public in a case that the artist has been dead for at least 70 years. If you want to find an art reproduction of artists

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.045166
Retrieved Text: ..but yours will be Unique!
Every piece of my art is uniquely created for somebody! I do have reproduction art pieces but other than that all of my art has been sold or given to somebody unique. You may pick the colours for your painting but each painting will come out uniquely different. That is the excitement of having a piece of art commissioned, why not give it a try?
Check out different samples of my art to get an idea of what I have created in the past. If you are interested in purchasing something for yourself though, scroll down and click to purchase.
For all of my original cards, commissioned art, or corporate art, you can select the colours of your choice from the colour palette. When your art shows up at your door it will be uniquely yours. There will be no other painting like the one that you own!
The texture of my acrylic paints really comes alive after they have dry. No reproduction on earth can replicate the authentic feel of divots and peaks dancing off of the canvas. Click a picture to catch a glimpse, but only a purchase in your hands will reveal the true feel of my textured acrylic abstract art!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.035416
Retrieved Text: This is a platinum quality reproduction of the 1955 Poul Kjaerholm PK61 Coffee Table. Truly minimalist in style, this reproduction is indistinguishable from the original and is constructed from pre-stressed, brush finished British #304 Grade Stainless Steel (18/10 equivalent) and 19mm thick Tempered Glass.
The PK61 Coffee Table by Poul Kjaerholm - 19mm Glass (Replica) comes with a Two (2) Year Warranty free of additional charge.
Square frame is lightly brushed Stainless Steel (#304 grade), the highest quality grade used in furniture production. It is chip resistant and impervious to rust. Inferior versions use #202 and #203 grades.
Pre-stressed Stainless Steel frame (#304 grade) is lightly brushed for alluring finish, as per the original.
2 YEAR Warranty | SAVE 50% | This is a platinum quality reproduction of the 1955 Poul Kjaerholm PK61 Coffee Table. Truly minimalist in style, this reproduction is indistinguishable from the original and is constructed from pre-stressed, brush finished British #304 Grade Stainless Steel (18/10 equivalent) and 19mm thick Tempered Glass.
The Poul Kjaerholm PK61 Coffee Table is elegant and functional and is the perfect compliment to virtually any furniture theme, be it pure Bahaus, Mid Century Modern, European Internationalist or 21st Century contemporary. I probably wouldn't put it with Rococo, Classical or Baroque pieces but if I did, I'm sure it would still look pretty good. This glass table provides a strong stability and enriches any modern office or living space with its clean minimalism.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.0010605
Retrieved Text: Zapraszamy do obejrzenia nowej produkcji SCDTV, gdzie zaprezentowane b?dzie dzie?o MG Schutze - pierwszy MSBS ASG.
Reproduction purses are a feasible replica hermes option in the devices that are considered fashionable. While the original and authentic developer brand name bags or cost a ton of money, reproduction purses on the other hand, permit females not only saving cash but likewise appreciate the feel and look much like that of the initial bags. This is why the situation of big bags or small clutches, women are flaunting these uk replica handbags at numerous times in their lives. The market of reproduction handbags making modern technology has actually progressed and comes close to in the advancement of approaches to generate bags that choices could rarely be distinguished from their original designer replica handbags versions. Some homemakers have even taken to marketing replica handbags at http://www.mostpr... as an additional business to enhance their cost savings in these times of economic downturn.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.981297
Retrieved Text: New reproduction air cleaner kit for 1968-69 B-body models. Replace your old, damaged air cleaner with our reproduction made like original to fit high performance 340, 383 and 440 engines with single 4-bbl and a black wrinkle-finish texture. Kit comes with lid, base, stud, and wing nut.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.981297
Retrieved Text: All of our Subwoofers have one thing in common. That is high accuracy, low distortion, and tight, clean bass. When it comes to the reproduction of sound, We believe in having low harmonic distortion for the faithful reproduction of music while faithfully reproducing the dynamics and liveliness of the original source.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.977837
Retrieved Text: Have you ever watched a period drama on television and marvelled at some of the beautiful furniture that the characters would use in the dining room? When they’re sat down for dinner at a gorgeous, antique table, sharing wine and swapping stories. Well, you can do the very same!
In this post, we’re going to look at reproduction antique dining room furniture, and how you can transform your home into a beautiful and refined establishment. The fact is, antique furniture is beautiful. However, it comes with a heft price-tag. Which is why reproduction pieces are growing in popularity at the moment. You can have the real-deal (or close enough) for a fraction of the cost.
One of the major benefits of buying furniture from an online antique reproduction shop is the quality. Yes, most antiques are of a very fine quality, hence the reason they have lasted for so long. That said, when you purchase antique furniture, very rarely will you want to use it our of fear of causing it any damage. Instead, you leave it in your home as more of a feature piece as opposed to a functional part of your home.
When you buy reproduction furniture, you’re investing in quality. Quality that you can use and enjoy. Yes, you will need to take care of it. However, they will be designed and put together using modern crafting techniques, and so are built to last a life-time.
It’s important to sit down as a family and to share dinner. Something which fewer people are doing with each

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.958538
Retrieved Text: The field of reproductive health is rather different from other fields of health care. Human reproduction has a strategic role for the society survival, so no society, no religion, no culture, no system of law has been and is neutral about issues of human reproduction. Inputs from policy makers, legislators, lawyers, women' group, health care providers, Churches, etc. are significatively higher than other health fields (the same is for sexology). So each input comes from a different point of view and this often makes difficult to facilitate collaboration for actions. Last but not least, reproductive and sexual health are often identified and put together even if they are not the same discipline and in many situations neither the same professionals or care providers work together.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.948126
Retrieved Text: Plants hybridize much more frequently and successfully than animals do. [...] Chromosomal doubling (polyploidy) occurs more frequently in plants and facilitates the fertility of the hybrid offspring.
Outcomes of the successful hybridization of different species of plants (i.e. yelding fertile offspring) can be easily observed in agriculture - for instance, Triticum aestivum is 6n, while Triticum durum is 4n. The latter comes from the hybridization of two plants from different genera (!). So it seems to me that not only can plants hybridize more easily, but also that the evolutionary distance between the parents can be greater than in animals.
As far as I know, the preferred animal strategy to have fertile hybrids is to go partheno/androgenic (for example in Phasmida).
Why can plants produce fertile hybrids more often than animals? What constraints are present in animals and absent in plants?
To my knowledge, polyploidization is the main mechanism by which this is achieved. If this is true, then my previous question can be rephrased as why does animal polyploidization occur more rarely?
I'm not entirely sure about my assumptions, so feel free to correct me, of course with references.
Browse other questions tagged evolution meiosis sexual-reproduction asexual-reproduction or ask your own question.
Why do plants produce so many hybrids as a kingdom?
Focusing on flowering plants, are there reasonable explanations why pentaploids would be more fertile than triploids?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.941823
Retrieved Text: Portrait paintings : Portrait oil art from Brights of Nettlebed. UK paintings stock for immediate delivery. Exact replicas or interpretations of existing work - completely done by hand and carried out by skilled artists.
Alongside providing furnishings for some of the finest homes in the country, we also supply beautiful original oil paintings to grace their walls.
We carry a large range of oil paintings in stock, to suit every taste and budget: From delightful little Parisian street scenes and pretty still lives, to full size reproduction oil portraits and copies of important original paintings of British historical figures, including magnificent images of King Henry VIII and one particularly striking reproduction of The Drewe Portrait of Queen Elizabeth I.
On this website, you will find our reproduction oil paintings categorized into six sections; Portraits, Marine & Beach Paintings, Landscape, Rural & Equestrian Scenes, City Life, Still Life and The Gallery Collection.
The latter is a collection of our finest oil paintings, which are a mixture of our favourites from historically world renowned artists.
Within The Gallery Collection are our Age of Speed Paintings, which were commissioned to celebrate the Golden Age of race car driving in the 1920s and 30s. These truly original oil paintings pick up on the art deco inspiration themes of progress and speed, and we find that they sit particularly well in homes from that earlier part of the twentieth century. They also look magnificent adorning the walls of a library or a study. These original oil paintings were created from photographs of race cars and location

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.92778
Retrieved Text: Get the Manoir look with this gorgeous reproduction Dutch still life. In 18th century Europe, the still life form gave artists the opportunity to show off their technical skills and to play with light and composition. This reproduction comes from England where we work with artisans who capture all the color, craquelure, texture and character of the original painting. As with an original, the artists have used canvas stretched over a wooden frame A master-piece in its own right, it has been carefully hand-finished to recreate that timeless look and appeal of an original. Wooden frame with gilt gold trim. FREE SHIPPING.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.851788
Retrieved Text: Do You Know What You’re Talking About When You Say “God”?
Discipleship is often associated with the words “replication” or “reproduction.” These are some of the most common metaphors for disciple-making, and for good reason: the Apostle Paul tells his disciples to “imitate” him as he “imitates” Christ.
But I wonder sometimes if they might not be helpful words to use when it comes to discipleship, at least not without some caveats on what they actually mean. For example, is the goal of discipleship to clone someone into your image? Is that what we mean when we talk about “replication” in discipleship?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.851761
Retrieved Text: Here's another toughie to find from the Hartland series. It's of Duke Snider. This example has nice bright coloring and paint. It comes with its original bat.The tag is a reproduction.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.850202
Retrieved Text: Created in northern Pennsylvania, our reproduction blanket crane is a treasure when it comes to displaying your antique blankets and quilts. It comes fully assembled with predrilled holes for screws. Just be sure to secure it on a wall stud for extra durability. Made from pine wood and textured. Painted black with distressing. Made in the USA.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.835412
Retrieved Text: This is a platinum quality reproduction of the Norman Cherner Side Chair (Platinum Replica). Forever in vogue since its original design in 1958, its seductive curves and poignant lines lend it an almost surreal quality. Handmade by skilled craftspeople from FSC® Certified hardwood timber plywoods.
The Norman Cherner Side Chair (Platinum Replica) is available in American Walnut, Oak or Black Finish and comes with a Two (2) Year Warranty free of additional charge.
2 YEAR Warranty | SAVE 30% | This is a platinum quality reproduction of the Norman Cherner Side Chair (Platinum Replica). Forever in vogue since its original design in 1958, its seductive curves and poignant lines lend it an almost surreal quality. Handmade by skilled craftspeople from FSC® Certified hardwood timber plywoods.

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "The process by which genes are passed is" and the following answer choices: 
- Most plants
 - flow of electrons
 - mitosis
 - Summer
 - respiration
 - mutation
 - mechanical
 - reproduction

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and genes are passed from parent to offspring, choose the best answer.

Target Text: reproduction

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 24.434496
Retrieved Text: Meiosis contributes to genetic variation by creating new groups of genes, according to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. The new groups are created when chromosomes passed down from a mother and father share instructions encoded into genes. The process of mixing genes leads to offspring with nearly unlimited possibilities for genetic instructions.
Meiosis is a way in which cells divide that distributes half of the usual 46 human chromosomes to sperm and half to an egg, according to Wikipedia. Together, the egg and sperm result in a fertilized egg, known as a zygote, which contains all 46 chromosomes. Half the chromosomes come from the father, and half come from the mother. The process of meiosis and fertilization result in every generation having the same number of 46 chromosomes. The process also takes place in animals and plants.
Oscar Hertwig, a German biologist, first observed the process of meiosis in 1876 as he studied the eggs of sea urchins, Wikipedia notes. Belgian zoologist Edouard Van Beneden further explained the process, including the relationship to chromosomes, in 1883. American geneticist Thomas Hunt Morgan expanded on the knowledge in 1911 with the first proof that chromosomes pass genes to offspring.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.390366
Retrieved Text: mutation in the promoter region. in the 5' untranslated region. changes how the gene is expressed.
the exons in the two genes are swapped between genes. can result in new genes. Mechanism for the evolution of new genes. in the process, coding sequences from different genes are brought together to generate a protein with a novel combination of domains.
transposons (mobile genetic elements) moves from places of DNA with no function into genes with a function.
gene from one organism moves to another organism. bacterial mechanism. exchange of genetic information. Process by which DNA is passed from the genome of one organism to that of another, even to an individual from another species. This contrasts with vertical gene transfer of genetic information from parent to progeny.
cells whose genes are passed onto offspring. mutations in germ cells are passed from generation to generation. Cell type in a diploid organism that carries only one set of chromosomes and is specialized for sexual reproduction. Sperm/egg/gamete.
mutations are not passed to offspring. any cell that forms part of the body of a plant or animal that is not a germ cell or germ-line precursor.
caused by failures of normal mechanisms for copying and repairing DNA. can change the regulation of a gene. affects individual nucleotides in a sequence.
transposons/retrotransposons. encode the components needed for movement. contain multiple elements. can move gene elements between genes if excised improperly. Short segment of DNA that can move, sometimes through an RNA intermediate, from one location in a genome to another; an important source of genetic variation in most genomes.
a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.804348
Retrieved Text: The process in which a signal is passed on to downstream components within the cell through the I-kappaB-kinase (IKK)-dependent activation of NF-kappaB. The cascade begins with activation of a trimeric IKK complex (consisting of catalytic kinase subunits IKKalpha and/or IKKbeta, and the regulatory scaffold protein NEMO) and ends with the regulation of transcription of target genes by NF-kappaB. In a resting state, NF-kappaB dimers are bound to I-kappaB proteins, sequestering NF-kappaB in the cytoplasm. Phosphorylation of I-kappaB targets I-kappaB for ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation, thus releasing the NF-kappaB dimers, which can translocate to the nucleus to bind DNA and regulate transcription.
Click on a gene's description to view its network relationships with genes known to be involved in "i kappab kinase nf kappab signaling"

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.408356
Retrieved Text: They found thousands of genes that evolved to be expressed in the uterus in early mammals, including many that are important for maternal-fetal communication and suppression of the immune system. Surprisingly, these genes appear to have been recruited and repurposed from other tissue types by transposons—ancient mobile genetic elements sometimes thought of as genomic parasites.
The study, published online in Cell Reports on Jan. 29, sheds light on how organisms evolve new morphological structures and functions.
To study genetic changes during the evolution of pregnancy in mammals, Lynch and his colleagues used high-throughput sequencing to catalog genes expressed in the uterus of several types of living animals—placental mammals (a human, monkey, mouse, dog, cow, pig, horse and armadillo), a marsupial (opossum), an egg-laying mammal (platypus), a bird, a reptile and a frog. Then they used computational and evolutionary methods to reconstruct which genes were expressed in ancestral mammals.
The researchers found that as the first mammals evolved—and resources for fetal development began to come more from the mother and less from a yolk—hundreds of genes that are important for cellular signaling, metabolism and uterine development started to be expressed in the uterus. As the eggshell was lost and live-birth evolved in the common ancestor to marsupials and placental mammals, more than 1,000 genes were turned on, many of which were strongly linked to the establishment of maternal-fetal communication. As prolonged pregnancy evolved in placental mammals, hundreds of genes began to be expressed that greatly strengthened and elaborated maternal-fetal communication, as well locally suppressing the maternal immune system in the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.3714
Retrieved Text: Among the recently distributed National Ataxia Foundation (NAF) research awards, Ricardo Mouro Pinto, Ph.D., from Massachusetts General Hospital Harvard Medical School, received a Young Investigator Award for his work on DNA repair genes that might contribute to the expansion of the GAA repeat mutation in Friedreich’s ataxia.
The stretches of repeats of three DNA bases in the frataxin gene are directly linked to disease severity — the more repeats present in the gene, the less frataxin is produced. Earlier studies have found that the repeats are not stable, but tend to expand, both when the gene is passed on from parent to child, and also within the lifetime of an individual. This is particularly true in tissues affected by the disease.
Mouro Pinto hypothesizes that this expansion with time might, in fact, be a driver of disease, triggering the onset and propelling progression as a patient gets older.
Scientists know that DNA repair genes — which, just as the name implies, help maintain the genome throughout the lifetime of a cell — are involved in the process by which the GAA repeats multiply, but exactly how this happens has still eluded researchers. Mouro Pinto believes this information is key for the development of new therapies for Friedreich’s ataxia. Directly targeting the mutation lies in understanding the molecular players and mechanisms of the GAA expansion in more detail.
Further support for this idea, according to Mouro Pinto, comes from a study of another disease caused by three-base-pair repeats — Huntington’s disease. The study looked at more than 4,000 Huntington’s patients, demonstrating

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.710213
Retrieved Text: Computes \(X = \log(X + 1)\), where \(log\) denotes the natural logarithm.
The (annotated) data matrix of shape n_obs × n_vars. Rows correspond to cells and columns to genes.
If an AnnData is passed, determines whether a copy is returned.
Process the data matrix in chunks, which will save memory. Applies only to AnnData.
n_obs of the chunks to process the data in.
Returns or updates data, depending on copy.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.39491
Retrieved Text: Биография: One of the newest areas that anti-aging researchers are looking at is epigenetics; the study of changes in gene activity that do not involve alterations to the genetic code but still get passed down to at least one successive generation. These patterns of gene expression are governed by the epigenome -the cellular material that sits on top of the genome (hence the prefix epi-, which means above). It is these epigenetic "marks" that tell your genes to switch on or off, to speak loudly or whisper, and it is through these marks that environmental factors like diet, stress and prenatal nutrition can make an imprint on genes that is passed from one generation to the next. In one of the most exciting anti-aging discoveries in recent science! Scientists, doctors and researchers have identified the genes - or more specifically, the youth gene clusters associated with both external (skin) and internal aging.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.267076
Retrieved Text: Eat something as soon as you get up. Even if you’re going right to the gym or for a run, there are foods that the body can assimilate easily: VT. whey protein shake or banana and hard-boiled egg, or whole grain cereal with soymilk. Plan to eat five or six small meals during the day to keep blood sugar stable, and have ready your before and post workout meals. A little planning can take you a long way to your goals.
Please check it out on Amazon. It will end your fears, and chances, of contracting Alzheimer’s.
1)	The consumption of sugary foods.
2)	The consumption of sugar drinks which allow the sugar to pass though the blood brain barrier and start the process of growing amyloidal plaque.
IS MEAT REALLY BAD FOR YOU….OR REALLY GOOD?
Meat is bad for you?? Your doctor told you to stay away from red meat. Really? Did you know that the average doctor has one course in nutrition his entire career?
Eat low-fat meat abundantly. Meat, and other protein, made up an average of 35% of the calories consumed by our ancestors. Nutritionists today tell us to beware eating red meat. However, such blanket statements are rarely correct. Protein is an essential nutrient, needed to build muscle and repair tissue. Protein also stimulates the release of the hormone, CCK, which signals the brain to shut down the appetite center.
You do not simply inherit genes. Genes are passed from parent to child. But that is not the end of the story. Genes need to be told to turn on;

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.217955
Retrieved Text: Darwin's theory has been supported by a lot of evidence. Lamarck's Theory of Inheritance of Acquired Characteristics has been disproved. This was done in two major ways. The first is by experiment. We have seen through many real examples and observations that changes that occur in an animal during life are not passed on to the animal's offspring. If a dog's ears are cropped short, its puppies are still born with long ears. If someone exercises every day, runs marathons, eats well, and is generally very healthy, the fitness is not passed on and the person's children still have to work just as hard to get that fit and healthy. These and other examples show that Lamarck's theory does not explain how life formed and became the way it is.
The other way that Lamarck's theory has been proven wrong is the study of genetics. Darwin knew that traits are passed on, but he never understood how they are passed on. During the time when Darwin's first book first came out, Gregor Mendel, who discovered genetics, was just starting his experiments. However, now we know a lot more about genetics, and we know that the only way for traits to be passed on is through genes, and that genes can not be affected by the outside world. The only thing that can be affected is which gene sets there are in a population, and this is determined by which individuals die and which ones live. This is the other way that we have learned that the fruits

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.879683
Retrieved Text: Today is Jeans for Genes Day and it's a great chance to highlight the fantastic work that goes into diagnosing, treating and supporting children with genetic disorders.
Screening plays an important part in this, helping to identify children at risk of some of these disorders early so that they have the best possible outcomes.
Genetic disorders are conditions caused by one or more changes in the genome (the complete set of DNA in an individual). When these changes are passed through families they are known as ‘inherited’ disorders. Most genetic disorders are rare, but together they affect 1 in 25 children born in the UK.
Screening tests are offered to all pregnant women and their newborn babies. Some of these tests are for genetic disorders, including Down’s syndrome, sickle cell disease, thalassaemia, cystic fibrosis and several conditions that affect the body’s metabolism (the processes that turn substances in food into energy).
The screening tests identify which babies are thought to be at a higher risk of having a condition. For some conditions this is before the baby is born while for others it is shortly after birth but before they start to show symptoms. This enables parents to make informed choices about their pregnancy and affected babies to receive early treatment and support – this can help to prevent serious illness and disability later in life.
These are serious inherited blood diseases passed on from parents to children through unusual genes. They affect haemoglobin – a part of blood that carries oxygen around the body – and can lead to attacks

########
Rank: 10
Score: 20.865875
Retrieved Text: Many scientists think the cause of cancer may be found by cataloguing its "genetic signatures" - meaning the uniquely mutated genes in the tissue of different cancer types. Spearheading this effort is a program called the Cancer Genome Atlas.
Almost every human ailment has something to do with our genes. So it stands to reason that in-depth analysis of our genetic makeup -- made possible by the massive power of today's computers -- will help science better understand the cause of cancer.
Why is Mutation So Important?
The genes that help to transform normal cells into cancer cells are genes that are "mutated." If we look at the tissue from the resulting cancer, the mutated genes will still be there, as if they left a fingerprint or signature. Once science can associate specific mutated genes with specific cancers (for example, the HER-2 gene is closely associated with breast cancer), it can develop new strategies for killing cancer cells.
When Does Gene Mutation Happen?
Good News: only a few mutated genes are hereditary, meaning passed down from generation to generation. Instead, most mutations occur during your lifetime (and cannot be passed down to your kids). The mutations can be caused by: (1) errors during cell division, (2) exposure to ultraviolet rays, or (3) exposure to cancer-causing substances like those found in cigarettes.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 20.851387
Retrieved Text: The Prevent Ovarian Cancer Program (POCP) is an initiative that aims to identify women at high risk for ovarian cancer and offer them the opportunity to reduce that risk.
Up to 20% of ovarian cancers are passed down through family members. This means that women with a family history of ovarian cancer may be at increased risk of developing the disease themselves. If we know that a woman is at high risk for developing ovarian cancer, there are steps she can take to prevent the cancer from developing in the first place. Our mission is to find these women by testing for gene changes (also known as mutations) that may otherwise not be discovered under current Ontario Ministry of Health genetic testing guidelines.
You can participate in the POCP from home. This means you will not have to come to the Princess Margret Cancer Centre in Toronto to be part of this program. If you need additional support or information during the program, we will connect you to resources in your community.
Through this program, genetic counselling and genetic testing will be available to 500 women living in Ontario who have a first-degree relative (mother, sister, daughter) with a confirmed diagnosis of a specific type of ovarian cancer called high-grade serous ovarian cancer (or “HGSC” for short), but that do not currently qualify for genetic testing through the Ontario Ministry of Health.
Participation in this program is a multi-step process that is outlined in Do I Qualify? and What is the Process? Your participation will help determine if you have

########
Rank: 12
Score: 20.835718
Retrieved Text: Cancer causes about one-fifth of the deaths in the United States each year. Worldwide, between 100 and 350 of each 100,000 people die of cancer each year.
Cancer is due to failures of the mechanisms that usually control the growth and proliferation of cells.
During normal development and throughout adult life, intricate genetic control systems regulate the balance between cell birth and death in response to growth signals, growth-inhibiting signals, and death signals.
Cell birth and death rates determine adult body size, and the rate of growth in reaching that size.
In some adult tissues, cell proliferation occurs continuously as a constant tissue-renewal strategy.
Intestinal epithelial cells, for instance, live for just a few days before they die and are replaced; certain white blood cells are replaced as rapidly, and skin cells commonly survive for only 2–4 weeks before being shed.
The cells in many adult tissues, however, normally do not proliferate except during healing processes. Such stable cells (e.g., hepatocytes, heart muscle cells, neurons) can remain functional for long periods or even the entire lifetime of an organism.
The losses of cellular regulation that give rise to most or all cases of cancer are due to genetic damage.
Mutations in two broad classes of genes have been implicated in the onset of cancer: proto-oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes.
Proto-oncogenes are activated to become oncogenes by mutations that cause the gene to be excessively active in growth promotion.
Either increased gene expression or production of a hyperactive product will do it.
Tumor suppressor genes normally restrain growth, so damage to them allows inappropriate growth.
Many of the genes

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.695724
Retrieved Text: What is the Connection Between DNA & Widespread Chronic Joint Pain?
Researchers have found a link between changes in marks on the outside of DNA (epigenetics) and chronic widespread joint pain.
Link between alterations in DNA and chronic widespread joint pain. Shutterstock Images.
Joint pains are something pretty common, something which almost everyone faces at some point in their life or the other.
While there are a number of things, from trauma to even fatigue which might be instrumental in causing joint pains, chronic joint pain, especially those which are widespread or spreading, can be a matter of pressing and utmost concern.
The reason behind your chronic widespread joint pains might just be coded into your DNA and if so, it needs to be dealt with just a little bit more effort than just regular dose of painkillers, analgesics, and hot compress.
In order to go down to the root of your pain, you need to undergo a simple DNA testing which is an absolutely safe and painless procedure. These DNA tests can help you fight your pain more effectively by understanding where exactly the underlying problem is.
DNA: What Does it Do?
The scientific community all over the world are studying and researching on advanced genetics and how our genes affect every single aspect of our bodies, in a bid to combat several debilitating and currently incurable diseases using DNA testing to decode the information passed down in our genes.
A DNA test can help a person with a better understanding of their unique body and how their genes might affect their future. While

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.503136
Retrieved Text: Bacterial genes from a donor can be transferred to recipient bacteria following the incorporation of bacterial genes in place of phage genes in the virion. After the phage lyse the donor bacteria and infect the recipient cells, the bacterial genes are integrated into the chromosome of the recipient cell, the process of transduction. There are two types of transduction: generalized, in which any gene of the host can be transferred; and specialized, in which only the gene near the site at which the phage DNA integrates into the host chromosome can be transferred. The latter process is carried out only by temperate phages.
■ What is meant by a defective phage?
■ Most temperate phages integrate into the host chromosome, whereas some replicate as plasmids. Which kind of relationship would you think would be more likely to maintain the phage in the host cell? Why?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.415493
Retrieved Text: Who our parents are, our health at birth and how we live, eat and play as young children all have an impact on our adult life. As the first Early Years Study proposed, the outside world gets under the skin.1 Even during gestation, the environment of the fetus—nutrition, pollutants, drugs, infections and the mother’s health, well-being and stress level—infl uences how genes are expressed and the architecture and function of our brains.
Neuroscientist Marla Sokolowski investigates the genetic, molecular, neurobiological and environmental underpinnings of behavioural variation in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster.3 In particular, Sokolowski and her colleagues have investigated the foraging gene that affects how these insects search for food. All animals have this gene, which influences energy balance, food intake, food-related movement, how much fat an animal has, learning and memory. In the 1980s, Sokolowski classified two variations of the gene: rover and sitter. The foraging gene makes a brain protein enzyme called PKG. Rovers have more PKG in their nervous systems. How much PKG is produced depends on the fruit fly’s early environment.
“We study the mechanistic and evolutionary significance of genes that affect larval behaviour by isolating, identifying, cloning, and sequencing these genes and also by understanding how variation in gene expression can affect the fitness of the organism. Gene discovery in Drosophila has proven useful for understanding how homologous genes function in mammals,” Sokolowski explains. The rover and sitter characteristics describe how fruit flies behave when food is plentiful. But when food is scarce, rovers turn into sitters and they conserve energy by

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.344727
Retrieved Text: New gene-editing technologies are enabling a broad range of applications from basic biological research to biotechnology and medicine (see FIG. 2). Learn more about how these these new technologies are being used and applied.
Of the approximately 25,000 identified genes in the human genome so far, mutations in over 3,000 have been linked to disease. Gene-editing tools are now being used to understand how gene variants are linked to disease in mammalian cells and whole animal models, indicating the potential for this technology to be used to understand and treat human disease (see FIG. 3).
For example, CRISPR has been used in research mouse models to correct a mutation in genes responsible for Hepatitis B, haemophilia, severe combined immunodeficiency, cataracts, cystic fibrosis, hereditary tyrosinemia and inherited Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Clinical trials with patients are underway in the US using ZFN to modify the genes of immune-system cells to treat HIV. HIV infects and destroys immune system cells and key genes within these cells have been modified using ZFN to make them resistant to HIV, and the cells then transplanted back into patients.
The Great Ormond Street Hospital in the UK has used TALENs for gene editing in donated blood cells to disable the gene which the immune system uses to recognise ‘foreign’ cells. This allowed a patient to receive donated blood cells, without the donor cells attacking the patients’ healthy cells. In June 2016, a federal biosafety and ethics panel in the US approved a clinical study in patients using CRISPR-based genome-editing to create genetically altered immune cells to attack

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.30998
Retrieved Text: Cancer is, unfortunately, a common disease. In fact, 1 in 3 people are diagnosed with cancer in their life time. Cancer is caused by DNA damage (i.e., mutations) in genes that regulate cell growth and division. The majority of gene mutations that cause cancer are due to diet, lifestyle and exposures (radiation, cigarette smoke, etc), while a small portion of gene mutations are inherited. Regardless, all cancers are due to mutations (changes) in a person's genes that make their genes not properly function.
5-10% of all cancers are thought to be due to inherited gene mutations and are called hereditary cancer. Individuals who have a hereditary cancer predisposition are born with a gene mutation that either their mother or father passed on to them (or occasionally a new mutation). They are at an increased risk to develop certain types of cancer, depending on which gene is mutated, over their lifetime. Below is a list of genes that are known to increase a person's risk for cancer over their life time.
Click on the gene to learn more about it and any associated syndrome.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.205524
Retrieved Text: Life is a continuous process of unfolding, movement and flow.
We are alive within a structure known as our bodymind which is inseparable from the world around us. As long as we are alive, we live in relationship with our internal and external environments, continuously finding a new balance and adapting to ever changing contexts.
Health then is the outcome of this evolutionary and adaptive process of interaction and continuous feedback that is looping between our internal processes, our thoughts, emotions and actions, between all living things in this wonderful world .
When health is defined as simply absence of disease and disease is something we need to fight, attack and kill, we become fixated on short term solutions and loose sight of the underlying evolutionary process which could be an opportunity knocking on our door to wake us up, open ourselves to new learning and thus figure out how to live more in balance and discover life's natural abundance.
Like our social systems, the human bodymind is most intelligent and able to take care of life when there is movement, when information and nutrients flow freely and toxins are enabled to leave the system without obstruction.
Deeply engrained structures and toxins that can't exit the system typically cause obstruction and congestion and thus prevent us reaching our highest potential by holding us back within old patterns.
Of course some diseases are hard wired in genetic material and passed on to the next generation. However, with what we know from Epigenetics, even of those only a small percentage are so hard wired

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.124609
Retrieved Text: Natural selection refers to the process through which individuals with characteristics that are beneficial for reproduction in a particular environment leave more offspring in the following generation thus increasing the percentage their genes within population gene pool over time. Natural selection is the primary mechanism of evolutionary transformation, and is the most significant concept in biology. Natural selection, the uniting idea of life, was proposed initially by Charles Darwin, and is representative of his single utmost contribution to science. Natural selection takes place in any reproducing population that is encountering a variable or changing environment. The environment consists of not only physical factors like climate or terrain but also living factors like prey, predators, in addition to other members of a population.
- Overproduction of offspring- populations tend to develop more progeny than can survive to maturity in any given generation.
- Heredity- this is where offspring inherit their mannerism from their parents in the form of genes.
- Competition for resources- individuals ought to compete for food, mates, nesting sites, or other resources that influence their capability to reproduce well because of excess population.
- Heritable individual variations- population’s members have minor variations among them, either in height, beak shape, eyesight acuity, rate of egg production, or other mannerisms that might influence reproduction and survival. A trait can be passed on to offspring if it has a genetic basis.
Natural selection occurs inescapably when all these factors are provided. By definition, members of a populace that replicate the most will leave many offspring for the following generation. These offspring inherits

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.061045
Retrieved Text: Parkinson’s is difficult to diagnose because there is no specific test for the condition. Symptoms vary from person to person and a number of other illnesses have similar symptoms, which means misdiagnoses can occur.
Go to How is Parkinson’s diagnosed?
Research suggests that a combination of genetic and environmental factors leads to the development of Parkinson’s in most cases.
Genetics is the science of genes and heredity. It explores how traits are passed from one generation to another through genes, which are made of a molecule called DNA. From time to time, variations called mutations occur as genes are passed on. Scientists believe some of these mutations may be linked to the development of diseases such as Parkinson’s. Genetic research seeks to identify the genes concerned and develop new treatments for genetic illnesses.
Genetic testing is a type of medical testing that identifies changes in genes that may be linked to inherited diseases. The results of these tests can help to confirm or rule out a suspected genetic condition. They may also provide information about the person’s chances of developing or passing on a genetic illness.
Research suggests that a combination of genetic and environmental factors leads to the development of Parkinson’s in most cases. Research continues to determine how these factors interact, and the extent to which each is involved. Current research suggests that only about five percent of cases of Parkinson’s can be definitely linked to a genetic cause.
Although there are a few families in which more than one person develops Parkinson’s, it is rare for the condition to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.024622
Retrieved Text: Humans have a love–hate relationship with the prokaryotes. They cause terrible diseases, but by recycling the indispensable materials that all organisms need, make life possible on Earth.
Among the other accomplishments of the prokaryotes is their ability to parasitize all manner of plants and animals. Human bacterial diseases include tuberculosis, Lyme disease, black plague, cholera, botulism, pneumonia, and hundreds of others. Bacteria cause particularly vicious disease in plants of all sorts. The wilt diseases are produced by bacteria that live within the xylem vessels, plugging them and preventing water from reaching the upper part of the plant, which causes wilting. After filling the vessel openings, the bacteria next attack the cell walls, rupturing the cells, causing the plant to collapse. Crown‐gall, a cancerous tumor on stems, is caused by bacteria that inject DNA plasmids into the host cell nuclei, thereby taking control over hormone synthesis—and acquiring a home in the process.
Within the number of pathogens are the mycoplasmas—bacteria that lack cell walls. They are the smallest organisms able to live independently. They are 0.2–0.3 μm in diameter, live in the sugar solutions carried in the phloem of vascular plants, cause over 200 extremely destructive diseases of plants, and were completely unknown for decades because they passed through standard laboratory filters and were invisible in ordinary light microscopes. Researchers grew old and gray trying to determine what was happening in their supposedly cell‐free solutions before the existence of mycoplasmas was known.
Genetic engineers use recombinant DNA techniques learned from manipulating bacterial genomes to cut and splice packets of genes.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.01895
Retrieved Text: Genes are the materials that help determine the make-up of your body (passed between parent and child). Research has shown that, just as some genes control eye and hair colour, other genes (known as gene modifiers) control who among CF patients is more likely to get severe disease. The same gene is not identical in everyone. Small differences in genes exist which may cause some patients with CF to get sicker faster over time than others. The purpose of our study is to learn more about these genes.
We would like to test how some genes affect the composition of saliva and sputum (mucus from the chest) in CF patients. We would also like to test how the saliva and sputum change when patients experience an exacerbation. Discovery of immune or defense molecules that are missing (or at decreased levels) in patients with more severe lung disease may one day lead to better treatments for these individuals.
We would like to include 100 CF patients in our study. If any of these patients are hospitalized for an exacerbation, we will collect samples from them while they are in the hospital.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.01726
Retrieved Text: Based on time series gene expressions, cyclic genes can be recognized via spectral analysis and statistical periodicity detection tests. These cyclic genes are usually associated with cyclic biological processes, for example, cell cycle and circadian rhythm. The power of a scheme is practically measured by comparing the detected periodically expressed genes with experimentally verified genes participating in a cyclic process. However, in the above mentioned procedure the valuable prior knowledge only serves as an evaluation benchmark, and it is not fully exploited in the implementation of the algorithm. In addition, partial data sets are also disregarded due to their nonstationarity. This paper proposes a novel algorithm to identify cyclic-process-involved genes by integrating the prior knowledge with the gene expression analysis. The proposed algorithm is applied on data sets corresponding to Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Drosophila melanogaster, respectively. Biological evidences are found to validate the roles of the discovered genes in cell cycle and circadian rhythm. Dendrograms are presented to cluster the identified genes and to reveal expression patterns. It is corroborated that the proposed novel identification scheme provides a valuable technique for unveiling pathways related to cyclic processes.
The eukaryotic cell hosts several cyclic molecular processes, for example, cell cycle and circadian rhythm. The transcriptional events in these processes can be quantitatively observed by measuring the concentration of the messenger RNA (mRNA), which is transcribed from DNA and serves as the template for synthesizing the corresponding protein. To achieve this goal, the microarray experiments exploit high-throughput gene chips to snapshot genome-wide gene expressions sequentially at discrete time points.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.004421
Retrieved Text: For our bodies to have different types of cells, there has to be some mechanism for controlling the expression of our genes. In some cells, certain genes are turned off, while in other cells they are transcribed and translated into proteins. Transcription factors are one of the most common tools that our cells use to control gene expression.
Transcription factors (TFs) are molecules involved in regulating gene expression. They are usually proteins, although they can also consist of short, non-coding RNA. TFs are also usually found working in groups or complexes, forming multiple interactions that allow for varying degrees of control over rates of transcription.
In people (and other eukaryotes), genes are usually in a default "off" state, so TFs serve mainly to turn gene expression "on." In bacteria, the reverse is often true, and genes are expressed "constitutively" until a TF turns it "off." TFs work by recognizing certain nucleotide sequences (motifs) before or after the gene on the chromosome (up- and downstream).
Eukaryotes often have a promoter region upstream from the gene, or enhancer regions up or downstream from the gene, with certain specific motifs that are recognized by the various types of TF. The TFs bind, attract other TFs and create a complex that eventually facilitates binding by RNA polymerase, thus beginning the process of transcription.
Transcription factors are only one of the means by which our cells express different combinations of genes, allowing for differentiation into the various types of cells, tissues, and organs that make up our bodies. This mechanism of control is extremely important,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.944735
Retrieved Text: A team led by Joseph Irudayaraj, professor of agricultural and biological engineering, showed that decitabine combats some of the effects of cancer by taking the place of the nucleotide cytosine at specific locations on a replicating DNA strand. By mimicking cytosine, the drug helps "tame" cancerous cells by turning on tumor-suppressor genes and turning off oncogenes, genes that can cause a normal cell to become cancerous.
The team also found that decitabine causes an unexpected boost in the amount of a molecule known as 5-hydroxymethylcytosine, or 5hmC. Because many types of cancer cause 5hmC levels to plummet, an uptick in 5hmC could be a sign that cancer treatments are working.
"We think that the expression of 5hmC could be used as a biomarker to define the stage or the aggressiveness of cancer and to possibly indicate the effectiveness of cancer treatment," Irudayaraj said. "This could help us monitor the clinical success of patients receiving decitabine."
Historically, cancer has been linked to mutations and errors in the genome. But in the last few decades, research has shown that cancer also has significant impacts on the epigenome, the collection of chemical compounds that direct which genes are expressed and when. While each cell in your body contains your entire genetic code, an epigenetic process called methylation determines how a cell functions - for example, activating the necessary genes to differentiate a skin cell from an eye cell.
Cancer, however, can hijack the methylation patterns passed down from cell to cell, switching off genes that suppress the formation of tumors and activating genes

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.90163
Retrieved Text: In October I wrote an article in The Economist on a new method for curing mitochondrial disease. The method involves replacing faulty DNA from a mother’s egg with that from a healthy donor. And, if the baby is born, in principle, it paves way for a child to have three genetic parents.
Despite the public “uggh” factor raised by the idea of a three-parent child raises, there are good reasons for having such offspring. The technique may help cure a set of rare but nasty, inheritable diseases caused by faulty DNA our cells, and after decades of work researchers have developed a way of replacing those faulty bits.
Mitochondrial transplants involve no tinkering with the DNA itself. Though on a microscopic scale, the process is quite like a heart, liver or kidney transplant, with the caveat that the transplant will be passed on to the recipient’s children, if she is female. Any organ transplant introduces new genes into the body. Mitochondrial genes are ubiquitous, it is true, but this difference is one of degree, not kind.
Another reason not to worry is that the mitochondria carry only 37 genes, compared with about 20,000 in the cell nucleus, and these genes are exclusively concerned with energy metabolism. Pushy parents will not be picking mitochondrial donors on the basis of looks, personality or intelligence.
Non-biological objections are sometimes raised as well. Some worry, for instance, that a person with three genetic parents might suffer an identity crisis. But that seems less likely than in the case of people conceived by in vitro

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.898092
Retrieved Text: We know that neanderthals and humans interbred, and that some people carry the genetic markers of that interbreeding. A new study looks at what it means to have neanderthal DNA—and researchers have found everything from a propensity for nicotine addiction to multiple genes affecting depression.
The study, published in Science, concludes that over 100,000 genes are likely to have been inherited from our long-dead neanderthal ancestors. To get a picture of which genes came from the distant past, researchers took a look at a map of the neanderthal haplotype—the many variations of genes that a species carries—and compared it to the genes carried by 28,000 Europeans who’d had their genetic profile linked to their medical records. By comparing the genetic profiles of neanderthals and modern humans, the researchers came up with a list of 135,000 genetic variations likely to have been passed to humans by neanderthals. They then compared the genes inherited by the neanderthals to the medical records of the humans carrying those genes.
What they found was a mixed bag of genes. Some were probably useful for neanderthals, but are less than useful to modern humans. For example, a certain group of genes produce keratinocytes, which reside in the lower layer of the skin and divide and migrate upwards to form the outer layer. On the surface, dead keratinocytes provide a straightforward barrier to viruses, bacteria, and other debris. Under the skin, living keratinocytes signal inflammation when skin gets invaded by bacteria or pathogens, and protect the skin from UV radiation. Producing a lot of them

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.78431
Retrieved Text: Were you ever told when you were younger that you looked just like your mother or father? This is because we inherit genes from our parents that determine what we look like. Just like diseases or health risks, physical traits like your hairline and the shape of your nose can be determined by genes that have been passed on from generation to generation in your family. The passing of traits through generations is called heredity.
Genes are passed from parents to children. Every person has two sets of chromosomes in their cells. When a man and woman conceive a baby, one set of chromosomes from each parent combine to make up the DNA of their child. Remember: everyone has two copies of every gene. Because we receive only half of our mother's genes (one copy of each gene) and half of our father's genes, we are not identical to either of our parents.
With each pregnancy, the chromosomes from our mother and father combine in different ways. This is why we are similar to, but not identical to our siblings; we receive a different combination of our parent's genes.
As you may have guessed, identical twins are the exception. Each twin gets the same set of genes from their mother and father—making them physically and genetically identical.
Although an individual may look similar to a relative, it does not mean they will develop the same diseases and health problems as that relative. Each gene is passed separately, so if you've always been told you look just like your mother, that

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.747019
Retrieved Text: Ever since Scoville and Milner’s 1957 report on the patient H.M., who suffered a profound amnesia following bilateral surgical resection of the medial temporal lobe, it has been clear that the hippocampal region of the brain plays a critical role in memory.
In biology, a chemical secretion of the ductless endocrine glands and specialized nerve cells concerned with control of body functions.
A relatively small (peanut-sized) but extremely complex structure at the base of the brain (below the thalamus) that is intimately involved in control of the autonomic nervous system and a variety of functions that are crucially related to survival, including temperature regulation, heart rate, blood pressure, feeding behavior, water intake, emotional behavior and sexual behavior.
Chemical that transmits information across the junction (synapse) that separates one nerve cell (neuron) from another nerve cell or a muscle.
Structures in a cell nucleus that carry the many thousands of genes, in sequence, that determine the characteristics of an organism.
Branch of biology which studies those causal interactions between genes and their products which bring the phenotype into being.
Slow gradual process of change from one form to another, as in the evolution of the universe from its formation to its present state, or in the evolution of life on Earth.
Evolutionary psychology is concerned with the evolution of the cognitive mechanisms that arose as fitness-enhancing effects in the context of our ancestral environments.
Basic unit of inherited material, encoded by a strand of DNA and transcribed into RNA. In higher organisms, genes are located on linear chromosomes.
Transmission from generation to generation through the process

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What gives rise to offspring?" and the following answer choices: 
- sex
 - spring
 - bird
 - DNA
 - ova
 - production
 - factories
 - ovum

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and physiologically, sex is for the purpose of reproduction, choose the best answer.

Target Text: sex

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 22.307917
Retrieved Text: Stream Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace [Explicit] by The Offspring and tens of . Audio CD (June 17, ); Parental Advisory ed. edition; Original Release Date: . The Offspring's metal-inflected punk became a popular sensation in , selling over four million albums on an independent record label. While the group's. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. By The Offspring. • 12 songs. Play on Spotify. 1. Half-Truism. 2. Trust In You. 3. You're Gonna Go Far.
9 Jun Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace, the band's eighth album, is the culmination of two years writing and recording, a first for an Offspring release. 29 Jul Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace () July 29th the same, and because of that listening to Rise & Fall, Rage & Grace was somehow. Half-Truism, Trust In You, You're Gonna Go Far, Kid, Hammerhead, A Lot Like Me , Takes Me Nowhere, Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?, Nothingtown, Stuff Is. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace. The Offspring. Released K. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace Tracklist. 1. Half-Truism Lyrics. 2. Trust in You Lyrics. 3. Tracklist with lyrics of the album RISE AND FALL, RAGE AND GRACE  from The Offspring, including the top song: You're Gonna Go Far, Kid. Click here .
June 17th, Columbia Records Album Credits. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. Share this album?Share. Download: |. 1. Half-Truism Download: |. "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a punk rock song by The Offspring. It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album Rise and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 19.37354
Retrieved Text: To provide encouragement and support to persons who are incarcerated.
To promote and share the saving knowledge of the Gospel of Jesus Christ to men, women, boys and girls both locally and abroad. This ministry will accomplish the assignment through the demonstration of love, concern and compassion to the believer and the non-believer, so that the love of Christ will be birthed in and through them.
50+ groups serve the community with various outreach projects.
Fuel for the Soul Plus Community Event Giveaway. This is one of the ways that New Beginnings gives back to our community in a tangible way. What a way to commemorate the spirit of Easter which represents the Rise of Jesus Christ! Our prayer is that this Free Gas Gift Card is a blessing to you and/or your family during these difficult economic times that we live in.
Why: New Beginnings Church is committed to helping those in need by assisting struggling families who may not experience the joy, laughter, and love that the holidays bring. Our desire is to provide a full meal during the Thanksgiving holiday to as many families as we can.
To provide assistance and support to the offspring of incarcerated persons, particularly during the Christmas Holiday season.
Community Outreach - Helping People. Changing Lives.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 19.156368
Retrieved Text: Nice to see ten have three shows rate higher than their news. Competition is good!!!!
The TBBT network has less to offer at this time, so Ten is smart to start Offspring his Wednesday. MC hopefully will do well with the special show tonight as well. It is all about good shows and intelligent launch times and dates/days.
I thought Jonah was terrific. I think it’s brilliant. I am a bit surprised at the lack of ratings. We will watch mindless dribble like The Big Bang Theory but smart, sophisticated satire just does not seem to gain much traction.
Good start for Offspring, House Rules still only just over a mill even without The Voice taking eyeballs away, and Jonah sinks like the solid gold turd that it is.
Haven’t bothered to watch or time shift Jonah but I assume it’s full of obscenities that Lilley willingly substitutes for wit.
His first outing ‘We Can Be Heroes’ was brilliant.
a very good return for Offspring. Masterchef doing well too.
Not a good night for Jonah. I agree that Lilley needs new characters . . .
I watched Jonah for a little while last night.
Chris Lilley needs to develop some new characters for his next series, because JONAH is totally lame and unfunny.
Was able to watch offspring just after 10 pm last night on tenplay. That’s the way you run a catch up site channel nine. The baby was absolutely adorable throughout the episode.
They must have a lot of spare time on house rules if they have time to play pranks on each other. I’m

########
Rank: 3
Score: 19.019266
Retrieved Text: Thank you for considering Our Lady of Peace Church and Shrine for your marriage preparation.
The matrimonial covenant, by which a man and a woman establish between themselves partnership of the whole of life, is by its nature ordered toward the good of the spouses and the procreation and education of offspring; this covenant between baptized persons has been raised by Christ the Lord to the dignity of a sacrament (CCC1601).
. . .a marriage. . .between baptized persons can never be dissolved (CCC 1638 – 1640).
By this grace they “help one another to attain holiness in their married life and in welcoming and educating their children.”(LG 11, CC1641). Christ dwells with them, gives them the strength to take up their crosses and so follow him, to rise again after they have fallen, to forgive one another, to bear another’s burdens, to “be subject to one another out of reverence for Christ (Eph. 5:21, CCC1642).

########
Rank: 4
Score: 19.007807
Retrieved Text: The Offspring have revealed that they have finished recording their new studio album.
The record, which is the ninth of the band’s career, is the follow-up to their 2008 effort ‘Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace’ and their first album with new drummer Pete Parada.
The California punks have not indicated when the record is likely to be released or what it will be titled. Only one song title has been revealed, with a track titled ‘You Will Find A Way’ set to feature on the record.
The band are set to tour this summer, with their festival appearances set to include Rock In Rio festival in Portugal, Punkspring festival in Japan and Denmark’s Skive festival.
The Offspring have yet to confirm any UK shows – they were last in the UK to appear at last summer’s Reading And Leeds Festivals.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 18.75367
Retrieved Text: Neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are on the rise but its underlying mechanisms are poorly understood.
Noriko Osumi, Kaichi Yoshizaki and colleagues at Tohoku University's Graduate School of Medicine collaborated with Shigeru Wakana and Tamio Furuse at RIKEN Bio-Resource Center, and Tucci Valter at Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia, to conduct comprehensive behavioral analyses on how paternal aging influences the behavior of offspring that inherit a genetic risk (a mutation in Pax6 gene*).
In the experiments, in order to minimize the physical influence of the father, the male mouse was isolated and in vitro fertilization was used to impregnate the female. The researchers found that the offspring of young fathers exhibited impaired vocal communication, while the offspring of older fathers exhibited hyperlocomotion.
The results are significant for both animal researchers and the public. For researchers working on animal models, it shows that the age of male mice can influence the behavior of the offspring, so this should be a consideration when they are used to mate.
For the public, the research shows that paternal aging may exacerbate genetic risks - this could explain why there is a rapid rise in the ratio of children with ASD or ADHD, due to men having children later in life.
This paper was published online in PLoS ONE on November 17. The research was supported in part by KAKENHI (25640002 to K.Y. and 16H06530 to N.O.) from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology of Japan.
*Pax6 gene encodes a transcription factor that regulates expression

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.790434
Retrieved Text: 1) A normal female marries a color blind male. What are the chances that the offspring will be color blind if they are females? What are the chances that the offspring will be color blind if they are males?
2) A color blind female marries a normal male. How many of the female offspring will be carriers of the color blind allele?
3) A man whose mother is color blind marries a woman with normal vision. What is the genotype of the husband? What percent of their offspring can be expected to be color blind? What percentage of their offspring can be expected to be carriers?
Pedigree KeyNormal maleAffected maleNormal femaleAffected femaleMarriageDeadLets try a pedigree problem!
Blood Type ProblemsIf a person is type A blood.what is his/her genotype?IAIA or IAiIf a person is type B blood.what is his/her genotype?IBIB or IBiIf a person is type O blood.what is his/her genotype?iiIf a person is type AB blood.what is his/her genotype?IAIBBlood TypesBlood Type (Phenotype)GenotypeCan donate blood to:Can receive blood from:OiiA,B,AB and O(universal donor)OABIAIBABA,B,AB and O(universal receiver)AIAIA or IAiAB, AO,ABIBIB or IBiAB,BO,BBlood Type Problems # 1A mother gives birth to a type O child. The mother is type A blood. The two potential fathers are type A (father 1) and type AB (father 2). Whos the daddy?
Blood Type Problems #2Pretend that Mark is homozygous for blood type A allele, and Mary is type O. What are all the possible blood types of their baby?
Example Genetic Disorders:Down Syndrome (Tri-21)Klinefelters Syndrome (XXY)Turners Syndrome (X__)Blood Typing Lab!BackgroundBlood is a tissue comprised of 4 components: plasma, red

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.750937
Retrieved Text: Reproach of Men » Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Reproach of Men > Bible Versions > Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
The following table is used to illustrate how fundamental doctrines are affected by the different underlying texts and translation methods used in the ‘modern’ versions of the Bible. This table is helpful in seeing the differences that would be obscured by other, more tedious methods of comparison (such as having two different bibles open and doing a line by line study).
With this in mind, please examine the verses in the versions presented below. This particular comparison addresses the tri-unity of the Godhead, normally called the Trinity.
Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device. Acts 17:29 Therefore since we are God’s offspring, we should not think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone – an image made by man’s design and skill.
Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: Romans 1:20 for since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities – his eternal power and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.656467
Retrieved Text: Description Don't let Lapoudre's age or appearance fool you! This dam produces award winning cria, she is worth every bit of her price. Followill Lapoudre is a wonderful dam with 12 healthy cria to her worth as a dam, and all but one were females, all were solid colors. The latest 2013 & 2014 also are female. LaPoudre's cria are significantly improved with a good sire pairing. Poudre gives birth with ease, provides ample milk, and is a great mother. Poudres 2011 and 2010 crias was 3rd & 4th place ribbon winners in fawn & white juvenile female halter class in Gold Country Alpaca Show. At Gold Country 2014 her daughter took 1st in bred & owned. The most beneficial trait she provides in every cria is staple length. If you know EPDs, Poudre's EPD for staple length is plus 4.278, meaning she will put an extra 3 to 4 inches of fiber on her crias. Our offspring by her have born out this genetic prediction outcome with every offspring.
LaPoudre's is the grand dam of farm with a histogram for 14 years of age is really quite good as are her EPDs. Take a look. She is especially good in staple length. All her offspring we have, have strikingly good staple length. All offspring have been solid color, 1 white and 3 fawns. Poudre has lots of Snowmass in her lineage. It comes out in her crias with their fineness of fiber. And, did I tell you she has had nearly all girls, what a record.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.557285
Retrieved Text: "Maternal high-fat diet programming of the neuroendocrine system and be" by Elinor L. Sullivan, Kellie M. Riper et al.
Hormones and Behavior, 2015, Volume 76,153-161.
Maternal obesity, metabolic state, and diet during gestation have profound effects on offspring development. The prevalence of neurodevelopmental and mental health disorders has risen rapidly in the last several decades in parallel with the rise in obesity rates. Evidence from epidemiological studies indicates that maternal obesity and metabolic complications increase the risk of offspring developing behavioral disorders such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorders (ASD), and schizophrenia. Animal models show that a maternal diet high in fat similarly disrupts behavioral programming of offspring, with animals showing social impairments, increased anxiety and depressive behaviors, reduced cognitive development, and hyperactivity. Maternal obesity, metabolic conditions, and high fat diet consumption increase maternal leptin, insulin, glucose, triglycerides, and inflammatory cytokines. This leads to increased risk of placental dysfunction, and altered fetal neuroendocrine development. Changes in brain development that likely contribute to the increased risk of behavioral and mental health disorders include increased inflammation in the brain, as well as alterations in the serotonergic system, dopaminergic system and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal (HPA) axis.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.494335
Retrieved Text: Generally, there are four overlapping definitions. The castle in the background is Lusignan.
The instruction texts belonging to wisdom literature, e. For example, anthropologist Jack Goody 's comparative study utilizing the Ethnographic Atlas demonstrated that monogamy is part of a cultural complex found in the broad swath of Eurasian societies from Japan to Ireland that practice social monogamy, sexual monogamy and dowry i. Article 16 of the Convention requires nations to give women and men equal rights in marriage.
That can be located as a star of ddefinition mating, as are those gives bit by definition monogamy families in the IrishWexford definition monogamy Ireland where there is very rotation of unattached partners. famous cartoon pig Definition Feature is built as membership with only one other at a time or the horizon of protection only one other.
This bit in youthful civilizations, such as those in Ireland, China, definition monogamy the Rage East, and spread to other does, which sure Cultured Spain. definition monogamy Book of Collegewhich definiition a forename of the side, SirachEventsQohelet appear a goal in a not autonomous family cf. How this made primitive marriage more common, it didn't prime decline the amount of stunning hopeful past of marriage.
A difficulty beginning, definition monogamy 67 other advertises, reported rates of extrapair rise, in different societies, ranging from 0. The bulletin texts belonging to stage literature, e.
Extrapair dialogue is when offspring special by a monogamous achieve come from the site modish monogmy another subsidy. In the vicinity assembly, guest colloquy is popular and is the organization mating system definition

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.491587
Retrieved Text: Offspring gives the Vans Era 59 a stab with this new pack that features an impressive material selection. Premium suede and leather are put to use which is of no surprise however the toe box is a show stopper for sure in all of its synthetic glory. The multicolored drop comes in two colorways that feature red, green, blue and brown. Look for them to be available exclusively at Offspring.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.454441
Retrieved Text: Apomixis is the replacement of sexual fertilization with asexual reproduction. With normal sexual fertilization, embryos are formed from the union of male and female gametes, which produces genetically varied offspring. In contrast, apomictic embryos are formed without paternal contribution.
Apomixis is the means of reproduction found in Hosta ventricosa, the only Hosta species which produces offspring apomictically. The asexually-produced offspring are generally believed to be identical to the parent plant.
"Being apomictic does not mean being 100% apomictic - only that a percentage of the seed is clonal. The rest are sexually formed, so that gives you a mix in the seedlings of the apomictic plant. A lot of H. ventricosa seedlings have been raised to date, in part because of the ‘comes true from seed’ story that goes around. Many of them clearly look different, but I’m not sure how much phenotypic variation you get on apomictic seed. Do they end up identical like TC divisions or are there significant differences? Years ago, I walked rows of H. ventricosa seedlings at a large wholesale nursery and saw quite a bit of difference. For example, quite a few had funnel-shaped flowers rather than the expected bell shape."
But what portion, if any, of those seedlings were apomictic? Could it be that some of the seedlings Bill observed were the result of sexually formed embryos and that not all were formed by apomixis? Even if it could be determined that a particular group of H. ventricosa seedlings were the result of apomixis, there may still be slight differences, as there

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.369896
Retrieved Text: Ago I would have inscribed a office dispute that no fry needs a compartment phone, let alone the mini-computing react of the current smartphone. They successful me a terrific subject matter on the healthy package and I didn’t refuse. I got my son a smartphone antepenultimate year as I was changing assistance providers and effort myself a new phone. A few weeks before our rise date, my son’s berry went down a hurly burly drain. You can wait a small indefinite amount of weeks.” By the time the acclivity get together rolled-up around, thing funny had happened.
Teen innocuous has helped me to experience honest discussions with my female offspring approximately her life. existence competent to electronic equipment her online interactions gives me peace of mind of mind as a parent. I now undergo that she appreciates the consequences of her actions online. We’re capable to openly admonisher our daughter’s online life.
E have a content that should wage hike red flags for all of us who rely on our radiotelephone phones. scandalous as it may be, it turns out that anyone’s cell earpiece can be turned into a bugging design honoured of the CIA using cell phone spy programs. In fact, it is such easier to spy on a radiophone phone than all but of us think.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.3689
Retrieved Text: Brings new meaning to "cybersex."
So-called evolutionary roboticists raise the question: why go to the trouble of building a new and improved machine when current robots could do it for you?
The idea invokes a high-tech Darwinism, in which researchers’ ultimate goal is to design artificial intelligence and robots that can analyze their own source code and mate with others by combining bits and pieces of their code with that of other robots — to create offspring, much like organic life.
Just like biological life evolves to fill ecological niches, these robots’ offspring might be better adapted to their environments. And some research teams, Wired reports, are on their way to making this technology a reality.
Their recent research, published in the journal Nature Machine Intelligence and which involved programming two parent robots to code a new “offspring,” found that the resulting offspring contain a mixture of the parents’ code as well as some modules that seemed to have mutated or been blended on its own.
“It gives you a lot of diversity, and it gives you the power to explore areas of a design space that you wouldn’t normally go into,” David Howard, one of the scientists on the project, told Wired.
Twenty or so years down the road, Howard envisions that scientists could mass produce cheap robots that go out and attempt to perform a given task — and then “breed” those that are more successful into a new generation of robots that grow increasingly adept at that particular skill.
“One of the things that makes natural evolution powerful is the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.27349
Retrieved Text: According to a new study conducted on the effects of taking Paracetamol and other drugs during pregnancy, it is found that these drugs may cause fertility issues for the young one in the womb. This is based on the test study conducted on rats because the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans.
The rats that took the pain medication gave birth to offspring which had less number of eggs and smaller ovaries compared to the offspring of normal rats.
They also produced fewer babies.
Infant male offspring had fewer cells to give rise to sperm but their fertility became normal when they reached adulthood.
The negative effects of paracetamol are found to be greater in female offspring when compared to the male offspring. As the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans, it is wise to take precautions.
Paracetamol is usually taken to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, cold and headaches while Indomethacin is used for arthritis pain management and inflammation.
It is also necessary to consider the fact that the research is performed on rats and not humans. The co-author of the study mentioned that there must be further research to understand the mechanism by which the drugs affect the baby’s reproductive system in the womb. He also suggested that it is necessary to know if shorter doses of the drugs have the same effect. However, it is best for pregnant women to take precautions during all three trimesters to avoid any such health issues.
Minimize the use of paracetamol and other painkillers.
Do not take over-the-counter medications for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.211159
Retrieved Text: I consider phlox ‘David’ king of the summer perennials. Clouds of white blooms rise from its 36 – 40 inch stems from summer to fall. An offspring of the North American native phlox, ‘David’ is extremely easy to grow and has none of the problems with powdery mildew often associated with other varieties.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 16.99006
Retrieved Text: Deut 25:6 "It shall be that the firstborn whom she bears shall assume the name of his dead brother, so that his name will not be blotted out from Israel.
Deut 26:5 "You shall answer and say before the LORD your God, 'My father was a wandering Aramean, and he went down to Egypt and sojourned there, few in number; but there he became a great, mighty and populous nation.
Deut 28:1 "Now it shall be, if you diligently obey the LORD your God, being careful to do all His commandments which I command you today, the LORD your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth.
Deut 28:7 ¶ "The LORD shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before you; they will come out against you one way and will flee before you seven ways.
Deut 28:8 "The LORD will command the blessing upon you in your barns and in all that you put your hand to, and He will bless you in the land which the LORD your God gives you.
Deut 28:11 "The LORD will make you abound in prosperity, in the offspring of your body and in the offspring of your beast and in the produce of your ground, in the land which the LORD swore to your fathers to give you.
Deut 28:14 and do not turn aside from any of the words which I command you today, to the right or to the left, to go after other gods to serve them.
Deut 28:17 ¶ "Cursed shall be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 16.988615
Retrieved Text: Kids getting under your skin? It's no joke for a female Suriname sea toad — she gives birth to her offspring right out of holes in her back.
Yup. Parenthood can be a drag.
The kids get under your skin, and you just want them off your back...literally.
These Surinam toads are finally breaking free from mom.
And those holes? Those are her back.
Her offspring have developed from eggs into frogs underneath her skin, and now it's time for them to move on, leaving her a little cratered. Boy, and you thought stretch marks were bad.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 16.977478
Retrieved Text: “What Solomon didn’t Say” is a source of information that dives into the arenas of personal spiritual health, marriage and relationships and life maintenance. Solomon, the youngest son of David gives us the Proverbials of wisdom to lead and guide the hearts of men and women. Now God has given Bishop Oliver T. McCray Jr. a Maxim that adjoins itself as an offspring of Solomon’s writings with a 21stCentury urban twist. This book will pierce the darkness of the mind, while raining fresh manna upon the soul.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 16.8486
Retrieved Text: Cult of the Children The Cult of the Children was a religious group on Darvon VI, founded by a former Assistant Navigator, Sirval. It was a cloak for a Genestealer Cult which later brought the planet under its control. Sirval had been infected by a Genestealer after which he retired from space travel, settling on Darvon VI marrying and having many children. The tenets of the cult promoted modesty and hard work, but also complete seclusion from the rest of society, and forbid its followers from travelling off planet. As much of the population were members of the cult, the planet couldn't fulfil its obligation of raising regiments for the Imperial Guard. When a recruiting force descended on the cult's isolated settlements, the Cult finally began its uprising, eventually bringing the entire planet under its control with help for an unlikely ally.
Generations Each hybrid generation possesses a somewhat specific anatomy. By infecting a victim with its genetic material, a Genestealer passes on some of its physical characteristics to the victim's first offspring. In the first generation, this gives rise to a Hybrid with a number of Genestealer traits. Through successive generations of Hybrids these traits become less extreme, until in the fourth generation the Hybrids can pass as normal Humans. First generation: The first generation Hybrids are born to human (or otherwise) parents, one of which has been infected. Of all the generations they resemble Genestealers most closely. They have either three or four arms. Second generation: Second generation hybrids always possess three arms, one of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 16.781912
Retrieved Text: Today we remember the astonishing fact that God became a baby � a tiny human being attached to the wall of a teenage girl's uterus. The almighty, infinite God became human flesh smaller than your fingernail. No one ever imagined it or prayed for it.
God's Incarnation was so astounding that to the present day we don't know what to think of it. Why would He do such a thing? The only response we can make to the mystery of the Incarnation is: "God is Love" (1 Jn 4:16). He does the unimaginable because He is Love. He became a man because He is Love. He let Himself be crucified and put to death because He is Love. He gives us His body and blood in Holy Communion because He is Love.
The announcement of the Annunciation is: "The virgin shall be with Child, and bear a Son, and shall name Him Immanuel" (Is 7:14). The Holy Spirit came upon Mary and the power of the Most High overshadowed her, hence her holy Offspring was called Son of God (Lk 1:35). "The Word became flesh" (Jn 1:14). Love became a human being. Alleluia!
Prayer: Father, thank You for loving us so much as to give Your Son so that whoever believes in Him would not perish but have everlasting life (Jn 3:16).
Praise: "Sick, our nature demanded to be healed; fallen, to be raised up; dead, to rise again. We had lost the possession of the good; it was necessary for it to be given back to us. Closed in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 16.73026
Retrieved Text: Plants either reproduce sexually or asexually, depending on the type of plant. In sexual reproduction, two germ cells, or gametes, fuse to create the beginning of a genetically unique offspring. In asexual reproduction, a plant cell splits in two to create a genetically identical offspring.
During sexual reproduction, a male gamete needs to fertilize a female gamete. Depending on the plant, this is accomplished in a variety of ways. In flowering plants, the male and female gametes are located on different parts of the same flower. The sperm, located in the pollen grains, fall on the carpel of the flower, where the female gametes are located. This process occurs because of wind pollination or insect pollination that transports the pollen grains to the female gametes. As a result of this pollination, a fruit is created, which contains the seeds of offspring. In mosses, sexual reproduction can only occur if the male and female plant gametes combine directly. Conifers have two different cones: a male and a female cone. The male cone gives off pollen that the female cone catches.
Asexual reproduction occurs either through vegetative reproduction or apomixis. Vegetative reproduction occurs when a plant's shoots, roots and, sometimes, leaves fall onto moist dirt and take root. In apomixis, unfertilized plant seeds are used to create more offspring. Although asexual reproduction among plants occurs, sexual reproduction is far more common in most plant species.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 16.715937
Retrieved Text: news • RacingFrankel proving to be a Success!
Frankel proving to be a Success!
However, over the past month, 5 of Frankel’s offspring have run their first race and 4 of them won. This gives Frankel an initial win rate of 80% and it will be interesting to see how this changes as more of his offspring hit the racetrack. If this success rate stays at this level, he will be challenging great stallions such as Saddlers Wells and Galileo.
So lets find out a bit more at his first 5 runners!
Cunco was the first to race on 13th May 2016. He is a colt and was born on Henry Cecil’s birthday, which is a lovely thought. His first race was over 6 furlongs and he won by 3/4 of a length.
The second to race was the colt Majoris, who first hit the track 27th May. He raced over 6 furlongs and placed 6th out of 14.
The first of Frankel’s fillies came next. Queen Kindly ran 3rd of June over 5 furlongs. She had a great performance and won by 5 lengths!
Fair Eva was the first Frankel offspring by Juddmonte Farms (Frankel’s owner) came next, running on 8th June. This filly ran over 6 furlongs and won by 4 lengths.
Finally is yesterdays runner (9th June), Frankuus. This colt ran over 7 furlongs and won by 1 and 3/4 lengths.
These initial results suggest good things from Frankel as a stallion. If you are a gambling sort and see a Frankel foal running for the first time, based on how his

########
Rank: 24
Score: 16.680958
Retrieved Text: Breed your elons together to gain offspring for specific colors or markings, better stats, personality combinations, or just for the fun of it.
When you successfully breed two elons the offspring is born instantly. But elons won't always breed, sometimes elons will reject a breed attempt.
The chance of rejection depends on the elon breed and their personalities. When two elons meet they form a relationship, and some elons will just start with a lower relationship than others making it harder to get them to breed together. However breeding attempts, whether successful or not, will usually increase the relationship of the two elons trying to breed, making it easier to breed the more weary ones with repeated attempts.
After a successful breeding both the male and female elon will need time to recover. The length of recovery varies based on the number of offspring an elon has had in the past. An elon with more offspring takes longer to recover. The initial value is 48 hours and every 3 offspring it'll go up by the same amount. Failed breeding attempts require a recovery time of an hour. There are flowers that can be purchased or found to speed up recovery.
There are no hard breeding limits for elons. However if you continue to breed the same elon over and over the recovery time will continue to stack which could make it difficult to continue breeding more within it's lifetime. You can use youth shrooms to keep an elon alive forever though along with recovery flowers to decrease time between breedings

########
Rank: 25
Score: 16.593323
Retrieved Text: Scientists at UC Berkeley and UC Riverside have demonstrated a way to edit the genome of disease carrying mosquitoes that brings us closer to suppressing them on a continental scale.
The study used CRISPR/Cas9 geneediting technology to insert and spread genes designed to suppress wild insects, while at the same time avoiding the resistance to these efforts that evolution would typically favor. The proofofconcept study was demonstrated in fruit flies; but the researchers believe this technology could be used in mosquitoes to help fight malaria and other mosquitoborne diseases in the next decade, pending public and regulatory approval.
“What we showed is that, if you disrupt a gene required for fertility in female mosquitoes at multiple sites all at once, it becomes much harder for the population to evolve around that disruption. As a result, you can suppress a much larger population. It’s much the same as combination drug therapy; but for CRISPRbased gene drive,” said John Marshall, the study’s lead author and an assistant professor of biostatistics and epidemiology at the UC Berkeley School of Public Health.
The technology at the heart of the study is called a gene drive system, which manipulates how genetic traits are inherited from parent to offspring. Gene drives are used to bias genetic inheritance in favor of rapidly spreading, selfdestructive genes, and could be an environmentally friendly and cost effective way to suppress populations of diseasespreading insects. The rise of CRISPR/Cas9 geneediting technology (developed at UC Berkeley) has recently revolutionized gene drive systems because it offers a rapid, efficient and reliable way

########
Rank: 26
Score: 16.533348
Retrieved Text: Lyme disease is on the rise, and it’s a terrible thing to come down with. There is no vaccine, no quick cure, and you can be left with the exhausting effects long after you initially get it.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, better know as the CDC, estimates that 300,000 become infected with Lyme each year.
Kevin Esvelt is out to combat Lyme disease with his latest project called Mice Against Ticks. Interestingly enough, some mice can develop an immunity to the disease, but they don’t pass it on to their offspring.
That is, they don’t pass it along until Harvard’s Brigham and Women’s Hospital’s immunologist, Duane Wesemann, steps in. Duane can isolate the genetic code for the mice’s Lyme disease immunity and make sure it’s passed down to their offspring. How cool is that?
Hopefully, these mice will be able to be eventually released into the wild in the near future, which will result in them breeding with local populations. Over time, there should be no mice infected with Lyme, which will lead to less infected ticks, which will in turn result in humans coming down with less of the disease.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 16.323092
Retrieved Text: Job 21:8 Their descendants are established around them, and their offspring before their eyes.
They live to see their children grow up and settle down, and they enjoy their grandchildren.
Their offspring are established in their presence, and their descendants before their eyes.
Their descendants are established around them, and their offspring before their eyes.
Why are they allowed to see their children grow up?
They have children and grandchildren, and live to watch them all grow up.
Their children grow up while they're alive, and they live to see their grandchildren.
Their children are firmly established in their presence, their offspring before their eyes.
Their child is established with them in their sight, their offspring before their eyes.
They see their children firmly established with them, and they get to see their descendants.
Their seed is with them, established in their sight, and their offspring before their eyes.
Their descendants are established in their sight with them, and their offspring before their eyes.
Their seed is established with them in their sight, And their offspring before their eyes.
Their seed is according to their desire, and their children are in their sight.
Their seed continueth before them, a multitude of kinsmen, and of children's children in their sight.
Their seed is established, Before their face with them, And their offspring before their eyes.
(8) Their seed is established in their sight.--Not only are they mighty in power themselves, but they leave their power to their children after them (comp. Psalm 17:14). This contradicts what Eliphaz had said (Job 15:34), what Bildad had said (Job 18:19), and what Zophar had said (Job

########
Rank: 28
Score: 16.313595
Retrieved Text: fantastic producer, that not too many know much about. Produced dogs another level than most. The Brodt Rascal blood on his bottom side gives Charlie's offspring something many Jeep dogs lack.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 16.250269
Retrieved Text: Parenting changes everything. There’s no getting around it. Becoming a mother or father is hard and demanding, And when you become a parent for the first time, your life alters dramatically. Yet for the most part, we take to the job naturally and immediately when babies arrive. And it’s not just us. Mammals of all sorts, from mice to monkeys, must do the same because mammalian babies are born particularly vulnerable. That suggests that parenting behavior is hard-wired.
For instance, after a stroke, the brain retains an incredible ability to repair its own damaged circuits, but the outcome is not always so favorable at older ages due to declining plasticity.
Neuroscientists have long wondered how the brain manages such a complex and important feat. They’ve known for decades some of the brain areas involved, but they didn’t know much about how they were connected--how they worked together in other words. Now, a report just published in Nature gives us the first ever look at the inner workings of a brain-wide circuit orchestrating parenting behavior.
The circuit that’s been identified is in mice, but there’s reason to think it might be similar in humans. In this circuit, a relatively small set of neurons coordinate all the necessary behaviors, sending signals to subsets of neurons, which handle the specifics. For instance, in mice, grooming pups is very important. The new paper identifies a subset of neurons that trigger that grooming behavior. The whole system works like a mayor’s office managing a large city, with a staff of several hundred running different

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is the process by which living things give rise to offspring?" and the following answer choices: 
- sex
 - diploid
 - ovum
 - bird
 - ovary
 - eggs
 - gametes
 - DNA

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and sex equals reproduction, choose the best answer.

Target Text: sex

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.514479
Retrieved Text: Asexually reproducing organism can cope with a changing environment only through relatively rare spontaneous mutations that prove to be beneficial.
This process does not allow any variation in their population, though it is opposite in the case of sexual reproduction, which accepts variations in their population.
These offsprings are parents again give rise to new one.
No fertilization occurs during asexual reproduction. And due to which sexual reproduction is considered as the most fundamental aspect of evolution. These offspring are usually referred to as clones . Time is taken to complete Multiplication is very rapid and in lesser time. Starfish Regenerating its Legs Agamogenesis Any form of reproduction which does not involve male gametes is known as agamogenesis.
What is asexual reproduction? Types of asexual reproduction There are several different types of asexual reproduction but the most common ones include binary fission, budding, fragmentation and spores.
The number of offspring may vary from two to many and are genetically similar in asexual reproduction whereas the number of offspring produced are less in number comparatively which are genetically different from their parents.
There are specialized organs present in male and female gametes for sexual reproduction in plant and animals. If it continues to grow normally it can eventually become a baby. This combination of gametes is named treatment.
Both of these forms of reproduction occur in plants, fungi and animals however the specific form of reproduction will depend on the species . Puffballs Emitting Spores Sexual Reproduction of Plants Bryophytes like liverworts, mosses, and hornworts consist of motile sperms with flagella.
Fertilization takes place in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 26.66178
Retrieved Text: Check new design of our homepage! Reproduction is one of the distinguishing features of living organisms, and is essential for the survival of any species. Such perpetuation of species is achieved through two fundamental Reproduce asexually - sexual and asexual. Sexual reproduction involves the formation of a zygote, through the fusion of gametes from two parents.
The zygote develops into an embryo, and grows into an offspring. On the other hand, asexual reproduction involves Reproduce asexually formation of a genetically identical offspring from a single individual. The primitive life forms predominantly exhibit asexual reproduction. The ability to exist in two genders evolved with the changing environment. With the increase in complexity of the newly evolved life forms, the dominance of asexual reproduction decreased.
Nevertheless, each kingdom encompasses a set of strictly asexual organisms, as well as a set of organisms characterized by the presence of both sexual and asexual phases. What is Asexual Reproduction? Asexual reproduction is a reproductive process devoid of gamete formation and fertilization, and mostly proceeds via mitosis. The resultant offspring is a clone of the parent organism due to Reproduce asexually absence Reproduce asexually genetic exchange.
Budding, fission, fragmentation, vegetative propagation, etc. Such reproductive cycles complete in less time, as compared to sexual reproduction, which serves as an evolutionary advantage. However, owing to the lack of genetic variation, the ability to adapt to changing environment is limited.
In asexual organisms, genetic Reproduce asexually can Reproduce asexually only through random mutations. Being so, they are dependent on favorable mutations to cope with environmental changes. List of Organisms

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.933886
Retrieved Text: Reproach of Men » Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Reproach of Men > Bible Versions > Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
Where is the Trinity in the New International Version?
The following table is used to illustrate how fundamental doctrines are affected by the different underlying texts and translation methods used in the ‘modern’ versions of the Bible. This table is helpful in seeing the differences that would be obscured by other, more tedious methods of comparison (such as having two different bibles open and doing a line by line study).
With this in mind, please examine the verses in the versions presented below. This particular comparison addresses the tri-unity of the Godhead, normally called the Trinity.
Acts 17:29 Forasmuch then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is like unto gold, or silver, or stone, graven by art and man’s device. Acts 17:29 Therefore since we are God’s offspring, we should not think that the divine being is like gold or silver or stone – an image made by man’s design and skill.
Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse: Romans 1:20 for since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities – his eternal power and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that men are

########
Rank: 3
Score: 24.643272
Retrieved Text: How to ‘deal’ with evolution’s biggest argument!
The process of natural selection is valid and accepted by virtually all scientists (creationists and evolutionists). It shows creatures change over time.
Most people equate natural selection to ‘molecules to man’ evolution. It’s the biggest ‘proof’ for evolution offered in classrooms or media. Because natural selection can be scientifically demonstrated, many people believe ‘evolution’ has been proven.
When children are born it’s common to discuss whose features they have. ‘She’s got daddy’s nose’ or ‘mommy’s eyes’. Everyone knows that genetic information for the child was inherited from their parents. It’s the result of mixing together genetic information from mom and dad.
Let’s use an example comparing a deck of cards to the genetic information in living things (dogs for example). This will help us understand how changes happen. It’s simple and accurate enough to teach the concept.
Natural selection is the intellectual ‘fool’s gold’ of evolutionary theory … it looks good but fails when tested.
Shuffle the cards and deal hands of five cards each. Each hand is different. They change each time you deal them, but because of a limited amount of cards, they only change so much!
This is a good example of how God made all of the living things on Earth. He made them with an incredible amount of genetic information! Each time they deal out (produce offspring) some of the information that a living thing has, you get a different combination of information (a different hand of cards)!
The chihuahua has descended from the wolf, but has less variety than it. Wolves

########
Rank: 4
Score: 24.614897
Retrieved Text: The theory of evolution explains how the enormous variety of life could come into existence. How was it possible for primitive life forms to spawn the millions of different creatures that exist today?
NARRATOR: Mechanisms of evolution. What is evolution? Evolution is the development of life on Earth. This is a process that began billions of years ago and is still continuing to this day. Evolution tells us how it was possible for the enormous diversity of life to develop. It shows us how primitive Protozoa could become the millions of different species that we see today.
Evolution, then, is the answer to the question that we have all asked on seeing a Daschund and a Great Dane together: how is it possible for ancestors to have descendants that look so very different to them? In answering this question, we want to focus on animals, excluding other forms of life such as fungi and plants. The first question to ask is therefore: how can one animal develop into a whole new species of animal? Ah, but just a quick question: what exactly is a species?
A species is a community of animals that is capable of producing offspring with one another, with those offspring also being capable of reproducing in turn. To understand this answer better, we need to take a closer look at the following points: the uniqueness of living creatures, guaranteed through the excess production of offspring and heredity; and, as a second key point, selection.
Let's begin with uniqueness. Every creature that exists is unique, and this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 24.570295
Retrieved Text: Life Cycle: the sequence of all stages through which an organism passes - going from egg to adult.
Every living species is somehow involved in reproducing and making offspring. Most of us are familiar with how humans and mammals make babies, but do all creatures reproduce in the same way?
Do insects, like the beetle, give birth to little insects? To answer this question, we are going to examine the reproductive process of the mealworm beetle.
Have you ever seen this beetle? They are commonly sold as pet food and bait. Still don't recognize it? That's because the "beetle" isn't what is sold, it's the "mealworm."
To explain this, we need to follow the life of a beetle. Before a beetle is born, its parents have to mate, then its mother lays an egg. After a while, the egg hatches and the baby goes through many stages in its life cycle before it becomes an adult and is capable of making offspring of its own.
Article: How Do Beetles Reproduce?
The little mealworms you might find in your cereal or flour grow up to become beetles called Tenebrio molitor.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 24.138653
Retrieved Text: Stream Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace [Explicit] by The Offspring and tens of . Audio CD (June 17, ); Parental Advisory ed. edition; Original Release Date: . The Offspring's metal-inflected punk became a popular sensation in , selling over four million albums on an independent record label. While the group's. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. By The Offspring. • 12 songs. Play on Spotify. 1. Half-Truism. 2. Trust In You. 3. You're Gonna Go Far.
9 Jun Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace, the band's eighth album, is the culmination of two years writing and recording, a first for an Offspring release. 29 Jul Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace () July 29th the same, and because of that listening to Rise & Fall, Rage & Grace was somehow. Half-Truism, Trust In You, You're Gonna Go Far, Kid, Hammerhead, A Lot Like Me , Takes Me Nowhere, Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?, Nothingtown, Stuff Is. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace. The Offspring. Released K. Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace Tracklist. 1. Half-Truism Lyrics. 2. Trust in You Lyrics. 3. Tracklist with lyrics of the album RISE AND FALL, RAGE AND GRACE  from The Offspring, including the top song: You're Gonna Go Far, Kid. Click here .
June 17th, Columbia Records Album Credits. Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace. Share this album?Share. Download: |. 1. Half-Truism Download: |. "You're Gonna Go Far, Kid" is a punk rock song by The Offspring. It is the third track on the band's eighth studio album Rise and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 23.445173
Retrieved Text: The characteristics of our universe, its matter and energy, and its physical laws are the result Darwinian evolution.
To the extent that a universe possesses characteristics that are favorable to the emergence of an intelligent life that is eventually capable of governing its universe in reproduction, that universe is more likely to proliferate, passing on its characteristics to a greater number of offspring. In this manner, successive generations of universes possess characteristics that are progressively favorable to the emergence of intelligent life, specifically, life that is eventually capable of governing the activities of its own universe to the reproductive advantage that universe.
One or more universes produce a universe as offspring. The offspring universe inherits the characteristics of the parent universe(s).
Over a period of perhaps billions of years, the offspring universe develops natural, biological, intelligent life via evolution. This formation of intelligent life is a natural consequence of the offspring universe’s inherited characteristics. This biological, intelligent life then produces a greater intelligence by some (unknown) combination of several processes, such as by controlling its own evolution, by constructing and merging with computer technology, or by constructing and being replaced by computer-based intelligent life.
The intelligent life grows in complexity until it gains the capacity to govern its own universe, specifically in the act of reproduction.
Under the control of its governing intelligence, the offspring universe reproduces, passing on its characteristics to its own offspring, thereby completing the Darwinian cycle. This reproduction may take the form of fission, budding, or sexual reproduction with one or more other universes. Note that the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.405388
Retrieved Text: One of the most precious and often unnoticed things in the universe we take for granted as we go about our daily business, is life itself. If we stand still in the street for a few moments and consciously look around us for things that are living, it suddenly becomes apparent that our immediate environment is teeming with life. Apart from fellow humans, every animal, creature or insect from a dog or a bird, to a spider or an ant abound around us. Other forms of plant life are equally abundant from a tree to a blade of grass or even a speck of moss growing on a roof. Unseen life in the form of bacteria to microbes are everywhere including inside our own bodies. With so many forms of life around us, its remarkable that mankind still does not know what life actually is.
We certainly know the difference between something that is living and something that is dead but what we do not know is what that something is. I will not get involved in religious argument about the “soul” or other planes of existence, none of which I accept, as common sense dictates there is no difference between a dead person or a dead leaf. Both become non-living organic material.
I find it strange that so much speculation is given to the possibility of finding extra terrestrial forms of life in the universe without our even understanding what life actually is. I do accept it is inevitable that other life forms will exist in the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.153622
Retrieved Text: Internal fertilization is the process when the syngamy (union of male and female gamete) occurs inside the female body after insemination using copulation. In contrast, External fertilization is the syngamy outside the female body, that is in the outer environment especially in water bodies.
Internal fertilization is followed by mammals, birds, while external fertilization is supported by mostly aquatic animals and few amphibians.
We all are aware of the word fertilization, which defines the union of sperm (male gamete) and egg nucleus (female gamete) to produce diploid cell or zygote, which further develops or grow into the young ones of their generation. Internal and External fertilization are the two types of fertilization, which takes place among various groups of animals, and with this content, we will be discussing the diverse features of them.
Meaning The process of fusion of male and female gamete (sperm and egg) taking place inside the body of the female, is called as internal fertilization. The process of fusion of male and female gamete (sperm and egg) taking place in the external environment (in water bodies) and so-called as external fertilization.
Gametes released Less number of gametes (sperms) are released, which gets deposited inside the female body. Numerous gametes (sperms and egg) are released into the environment. These gametes are of male as well as of female.
Process involves Only male gametes are released or discharged into the female genital tract. Both male and female release or discharge their gametes in their external surrounding.
Further process of development (syngamy) occurs inside the body only. Further process of development

########
Rank: 10
Score: 22.747482
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Course 3 of the specialisation! In this module we will look at what innovation is, in the broadest possible context, and how the innovations humans devise to solve complex problems are the continuation of a much bigger and more critical trend.
The big question for this segment is how can natural selection generate complexity?
it's a solution first suggested by Charles Darwin.
This solution is called natural selection and it's based on a few simple principles.
Firstly, individuals within species exhibit variation.
Secondly, only some of these individuals get to reproduce.
track mates better or raise their young better.
allows some individuals to reproduce.
ensure that advantageous variations are pass to offspring.
reproduce in the current environment are passed to your offspring.
how they behave can change as variations accumulate generation by generation.
can accumulate into the huge numbers and complexity of species on Earth.
partly because of the enormous length of time involved.
because they happen right in front of our eyes.
Take a snowflake, for instance.
but what if snowflakes could reproduce?
molecular principles, and that's exactly what happens in living things.
generates the complexity that we see in the natural world.
generate this complexity and I'm going to use three different examples.
biologists at the Imperial College London.
They started with some computer generated audio loops that sounded like this.
Listeners were asked to rate parts of the sound waves.
Those that got the most votes were allowed to reproduce and recombine.
After about 4,000 generations, this is what it sounded like.
So, simply allowing some favored variants to reproduce has generated complexity.
And incidentally, some beauty as well.
When humans apply selection to organisms, it's called

########
Rank: 11
Score: 22.70232
Retrieved Text: Downsizing is traditionally defined by moving into a smaller and cheaper property, often motivated by reducing living expenses, retiring or becoming empty-nesters. But rightsizing, or my-sizing, is all about finding the house perfect for your needs, whether larger or smaller.
According to Strutt & Parker’s Housing Futures report, the main reasons for moving home are finances and lifestyle reasons.
Jake Civardi at Strutt & Parker’s Winchester office says: “In the Winchester area I have noticed a rise in sellers in an ‘in-between’ life stage, where the older offspring may have left home, and perhaps there has been a job change.
“They are not ready to give up the four bedrooms for the children quite yet, but they no longer need to be close to the top school. These ‘my-sizers’ are often giving up acreage and square footage to be situated closer to amenities.
“Over the last few weeks we have sold some good Winchester houses to buyers moving from the countryside whose aim is to move to a good sized house but with less garden.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 22.678185
Retrieved Text: Are ‘Designer Offspring’ Our Destiny?
It’s an axiom that parents aspire to the best for their children — from good health to the best of admired traits. Yet our primary recourse is to roll the dice in picking a spouse or partner, hoping that the resulting blend of chromosomes will lead to offspring who are healthy, smart, happy, attractive, fit, and a lot else. Gene editing, now concentrated on medical applications, will offer ways to significantly raise the probability of human offspring manifesting the traits parents seek: ‘designer offspring’. What, then, are the philosophical and sociological implications of using gene editing to influence the health-related wellbeing of offspring, as well as to intervene into the complex traits that define those offspring under the broader rubric of human enhancement and what we can and ought to do?
The idea is to alter genes for particular outcomes, guided by previous mapping of every gene in the human body. To date, these selected outcomes have targeted averting or curing disorders, like cystic fibrosis, Huntington’s, and sickle-cell disease, stemming from gene mutations. As such, one of the central bioethical issues is for parents to freely decide which disorders are ‘unacceptable’ and thus to prevent or fix through gene editing. The public, and the medical field, already make similar medical decisions all the time in the course of treatments: stem cells to grow transplantable organs, AI-controlled robotic surgery, and vaccinations, among innumerable others. The aim is to avoid or cure health disorders, or minimally to mitigate symptoms.
As a matter of societal norms, these

########
Rank: 13
Score: 22.651268
Retrieved Text: According to a new study conducted on the effects of taking Paracetamol and other drugs during pregnancy, it is found that these drugs may cause fertility issues for the young one in the womb. This is based on the test study conducted on rats because the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans.
The rats that took the pain medication gave birth to offspring which had less number of eggs and smaller ovaries compared to the offspring of normal rats.
They also produced fewer babies.
Infant male offspring had fewer cells to give rise to sperm but their fertility became normal when they reached adulthood.
The negative effects of paracetamol are found to be greater in female offspring when compared to the male offspring. As the reproductive system of rats is similar to humans, it is wise to take precautions.
Paracetamol is usually taken to treat mild to moderate pain, fever, cold and headaches while Indomethacin is used for arthritis pain management and inflammation.
It is also necessary to consider the fact that the research is performed on rats and not humans. The co-author of the study mentioned that there must be further research to understand the mechanism by which the drugs affect the baby’s reproductive system in the womb. He also suggested that it is necessary to know if shorter doses of the drugs have the same effect. However, it is best for pregnant women to take precautions during all three trimesters to avoid any such health issues.
Minimize the use of paracetamol and other painkillers.
Do not take over-the-counter medications for

########
Rank: 14
Score: 22.455166
Retrieved Text: Natural selection refers to the process through which individuals with characteristics that are beneficial for reproduction in a particular environment leave more offspring in the following generation thus increasing the percentage their genes within population gene pool over time. Natural selection is the primary mechanism of evolutionary transformation, and is the most significant concept in biology. Natural selection, the uniting idea of life, was proposed initially by Charles Darwin, and is representative of his single utmost contribution to science. Natural selection takes place in any reproducing population that is encountering a variable or changing environment. The environment consists of not only physical factors like climate or terrain but also living factors like prey, predators, in addition to other members of a population.
- Overproduction of offspring- populations tend to develop more progeny than can survive to maturity in any given generation.
- Heredity- this is where offspring inherit their mannerism from their parents in the form of genes.
- Competition for resources- individuals ought to compete for food, mates, nesting sites, or other resources that influence their capability to reproduce well because of excess population.
- Heritable individual variations- population’s members have minor variations among them, either in height, beak shape, eyesight acuity, rate of egg production, or other mannerisms that might influence reproduction and survival. A trait can be passed on to offspring if it has a genetic basis.
Natural selection occurs inescapably when all these factors are provided. By definition, members of a populace that replicate the most will leave many offspring for the following generation. These offspring inherits

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.364489
Retrieved Text: As a member of CFSA, you or your partner/ family member can access our programs and services to make living with CF that little bit easier.
Annual CFSA membership is $25 for individual adults with CF or $40 for a family membership. Click here to sign up as a valued member of CFSA!
Sometimes hospital visits can be dull and lonely. CFSA staff will visit you or your child in hospital when needed. We also provide inpatients with age appropriate Boredom Buster Bags to keep them occupied during their hospital admission.
Members can hire the above equipment for a small monthly fee and a refundable $100 deposit. For availability and information on which nebuliser would best suit your needs contact CFSA.
The physical effects and medical costs associated with CF can be overwhelming. CFSA offers a range of subsidies to individuals with CF and their families to assist with expenses in maintaining health and wellbeing.
Please note some subsidies have eligibility requirements which members must meet in order to access the service. If you would like more information about financial assistance please contact the CFSA office.
Receiving a diagnosis of CF can be a very stressful time for families. There is so much new information to process in the unfamiliar environment of a hospital.
CFSA supports individuals and families and can assist them in understanding what the diagnosis means. We assist by providing opportunities to talk with and meet other parents and attend activities and seminars to learn about and feel part of the new community.
Those families who experience a new diagnosis will

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.288301
Retrieved Text: If you wanted to do an experiment on how a new blood pressure medication affects the risk of stroke. How could you ensure that there was only one difference between the treatment groups, but still have the most meaningful data possible?
Have the volunteers live normally, but use a large sample and randomly assign the treatments.
What does the theory of special creation predict about the geographic relationships of closely related species?
No specific predictions (species are found where they are because God wanted them that way).
Plant cells have 3 types of genomes (nuclear, mitochondrial, and chloroplast) that are inherited independently. From each, we can estimate the relationships among species based on similarities and differences in homologous DNA sequences. If species evolve (share ancestry), what pattern is predicted?
The relationship among plant species will be the same for all 3 genomes.
Under the theory of evolution as formulated by Lamarck, why would the traits of Pacific oysters change in response to ocean acidification?
Individuals in low pH conditions would grow shells more efficiently in response. These changes would be passed on to offspring.
Which of the following experiments would be the best way to test the theory of evolution as formulated by Lamarck?
Keep a population of mice in cold conditions. (In response, the mice will draw their tails up to conserve heat.) Continue for many generations. Measure tail length each generation.
What is a chromosome composed of ?
In corn snakes, red blotches (R) are dominant over black (r). A red-blotched snake is mated to a black blotched snake, and the only offspring is one

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.267284
Retrieved Text: The process by which parents pass characteristics or traits on to their children.
People and other organisms where there are parents and offspring.
A way that some diseases and disorders are passed from parents to offspring.
7. Which of the following genotypes is considered to be heterozygous?
9. What carries the genetic instructions for the development of an organism?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.196903
Retrieved Text: 15 After these things the word of the Lord came to Abram in a vision: “Fear not, Abram, I am your shield; your reward shall be very great.” 2 But Abram said, “O Lord God, what will you give me, for I continue childless, and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus?” 3 And Abram said, “Behold, you have given me no offspring, and a member of my household will be my heir.” 4 And behold, the word of the Lord came to him: “This man shall not be your heir; your very own son shall be your heir.” 5 And he brought him outside and said, “Look toward heaven, and number the stars, if you are able to number them.” Then he said to him, “So shall your offspring be.” 6 And he believed the Lord, and he counted it to him as righteousness.
9 And God said to Abraham, “As for you, you shall keep my covenant, you and your offspring after you throughout their generations. 10 This is my covenant, which you shall keep, between me and you and your offspring after you: Every male among you shall be circumcised.
• Wait, Are You Coming or Going?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.068449
Retrieved Text: This glossary defines terms that you might encounter when studying zoology.
Photo © Westend61 / Getty Images.
An autotroph is an organism that obtains its carbon from carbon dioxide. Autotrophs need not feed on other organisms, since they can synthesize the carbon compounds they need for energy using sunlight and carbon dioxide.
The term binocular refers to a type of vision that arises from the ability of an animal to view an object with both eyes at the same time. Since the view from each eye is slightly different (due to the eyes being positioned at different locations on the animal's head), animals with binocular vision perceive depth with great precision. Binocular vision is often characteristic of predator species such as hawks, owls, cats, and snakes. Binocular vision offers predators precise visual information needed to spot and capture their prey. In contrast, many prey species have eyes positioned on either side of their head. They lack binocular vision but instead have a wide field of view that helps them spot approaching predators.
Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is the genetic material of all living things (except viruses). Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is a nucleic acid that occurs in most viruses, all bacteria, chloroplasts, mitochondria, and the nuclei of eucaryotic cells. DNA consists of a deoxyribose sugar in each nucleotide.
An ecosystem is a unit of the natural world that includes all the parts and interactions of the physical environment and the biological world.
Ectothermy is the ability of an organism maintain their body temperature by absorbing heat from their environment. They obtain heat either via

########
Rank: 20
Score: 21.234514
Retrieved Text: Many creatures that live in caves are blind. Yet their ancestors were sighted. This is a great example of evolution.
I did my master’s research on the cave beetle, Ptomaphagus hirtus. This beetle’s ancestors scavenged for food underneath the leaf litter on forest floors. Since it’s dark under the leaf litter, eyes were of little use even to these immediate ancestors. But much earlier ancestors had eyes and used them.
Though the circumstances differed for the ancestors of other cave animals, like fish or crayfish, the natural selection process was similar. In the cave, except at the cave mouth, there is absolutely no light. So eyes are of no use at all. It takes energy to build eyes, and for living organisms, energy is like money. The less energy an organism has to expend, the better off that organism is in terms of evolution.
Here’s why: Let’s take my Ptomaphagus beetle. Like all living things, the Ptomaphagus beetle has to expend energy to mate and lay eggs. The less energy the beetle expends building and maintaining useless eyes, the more energy it has for building and laying high quality eggs, which lead to successful new beetles.
“Survival of the fittest” means the most fit beetles will pass on the copies of their genes to more or larger new generations of offspring. So in a cave, the most fit beetles will be those that lose genes necessary for building and maintaining eyes, for this loss will save energy that otherwise would be wasted. The very fit blind beetles will pass on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 21.232761
Retrieved Text: Evolutionism is the claim that all of life's diversity arose via blind and mindless processes starting from some unknown replicators. It is an untestable claim that has no business being taught in science classrooms.
One of its untestable claims is that sexual reproduction somehow evolved by blind and mindless processes, which is just one of the untestable claims evolutionism makes.
The first problem is meiosis. Now I am sure that you can search the internet and find articles on the evolution of sexual reproduction. Go ahead and read them. You will see they are full of speculation based on the assumption that sexual reproduction did evolve. Not one will contain any science that demonstrates what the papers say is true. And that is the crux of the problem.
The same can be said for the alleged evolution of meiosis. That is still all speculation and as such doesn't belong in a science classroom. You cannot have sexual reproduction without meiosis. And seeing that natural selection and drift (blind and mindless processes) rely on trial and error it makes you wonder how those processes could have hit on meiosis. Did the first offspring of the first sexually reproducing populations have a full complement of both parents' DNA? If they did and survived then meiosis was required at that step. But think about the next generation and all the DNA those cells would carry. Sooner, rather than later, the cells would be overloaded with DNA.
That said, once sexual reproduction took hold it all but ended any hope of Common Descent (ie

########
Rank: 22
Score: 21.216066
Retrieved Text: Natural selection is one of the supporting mechanisms for the Theory of Evolution. The basic way that it is supposed to work is that as the environment changes, the life form has to adapt with mutations that help it survive, or it dies off. Example: If you take a animal that is used to living in the hot climate of Africa, and put it in the cold weather of Greenland. Unless it grows more hair, and it’s body speeds up the metabolism to make more body heat, it will likely die. And the next generation won’t even be born with the adaptations. So the ongoing process of evolution cannot happen. But if the animal adapts then the next generation will more than likely get those traits.
Intelligent creation is where a animal was created already with the information, or not, in it’s DNA to adapt to such a situation as explained above. If it does have the information in it’s DNA, then it will survive. If it does not, it will die.
Symbiotic Relationships is just one problem. In the supposed evolution process, plants came before animal or insect life. And there has to be enough plants to make oxygen for the developing atmosphere. The problem is 75% of the existing plants on the planet require pollination. Pollination is done by insects. Insects were not around yet so any plant that required pollination died with no offspring. A perfect example of this problem is the problem of disappearing bees (bees dying due to pesticides etc…). Bees pollinate 70%

########
Rank: 23
Score: 21.215021
Retrieved Text: Officials with the ruling coalition are considering a new cigarette tax in fiscal 2017 to make up for a projected drop in government revenues.
Shoppers looking to buy eco-friendly vehicles got some good news: the government will extend its subsidy program for hybrids and EV’s through fiscal 2016.
Japanese scientists are warning that a rise in sea temperatures due to global warming could lead to an increase in so-called super typhoons.
A government survey has found that about 1,000 police officers, firefighters, and SDF personnel were exposed to at least one millisievert of radiation in the immediate aftermath of the March 11 disaster. The figure represents the yearly exposure limit.
Members of a research team from Kyoto University have observed a female chimpanzee at a national park in Tanzania nursing and caring for an offspring suffering from a severe disability.
Officials in Tokyo and Maryland have signed an agreement to streamline the process for Japanese expats living in the state to obtain a driver’s license.
The agreement, which is the first of its kind, also covers Maryland residents living in Japan.
Prime Minister Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to visit all five countries in Central Asia.
And he managed to conduct some serious business on his trip, cementing deals for infrastructure development in Tajikistan and Turkmenistan.
Newly minted Nobel Prize laureate Takaaki Kajita has another trophy for his mantle: the Breakthrough Prize, which is awarded annually by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs for achievements in science.
A Tokyo-based photographer is compiling an album that features portraits of all 1,122 residents of Hayakawa, Yamanashi Prefecture—the smallest town

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.204842
Retrieved Text: By -Rengaswami Rajaraman , Duane L Guernsey , Murali M Rajaraman and Selva R Rajaraman :We describe the basic tenets of the current concepts of cancer biology, and review the recent advances on the suppressor role of senescence in tumor growth and the breakdown of this barrier during the origin of tumor growth. Senescence phenotype can be induced by (1) telomere attrition-induced senescence at the end of the cellular mitotic life span (MLS*) and (2) also by replication history-independent, accelerated senescence due to inadvertent activation of oncogenes or by exposure of cells to genotoxins. Tumor suppressor genes p53/pRB/p16INK4A and related senescence checkpoints are involved in effecting the onset of senescence.
However, senescence as a tumor suppressor mechanism is a leaky process and senescent cells with mutations or epimutations in these genes escape mitotic catastrophe-induced cell death by becoming polyploid cells. These polyploid giant cells, before they die, give rise to several cells with viable genomes via nuclear budding and asymmetric cytokinesis. This mode of cell division has been termed neosis and the immediate neotic offspring the Raju cells.
The latter inherit genomic instability and transiently display stem cell properties in that they differentiate into tumor cells and display extended, but, limited MLS, at the end of which they enter senescent phase and can undergo secondary/tertiary neosis to produce the next generation of Raju cells. Neosis is repeated several times during tumor growth in a non-synchronized fashion, is the mode of origin of resistant tumor growth and contributes to tumor cell heterogeneity and continuity. The main event during neosis

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.167046
Retrieved Text: What are all the breeding techniques?
What are all the breeding techniques that changes a Pokemon that is being breed in any way?
Include information on Egg Moves, IVs, Everstone, Japanese Ditto, Incense, Natures etc.
I know quite a lot about breeding but don't know if there is something that I am missing which would speed up the process of getting the "perfect" Pokemon so could you please include detailed information on every aspect of breeding - even though I am competent in implementing many techniques such as those concerning egg moves - as what you say will probably be helpful to others as well.
Thanks guys, it was the information about Destiny Knots and Everstones that I needed.
These are basically moves that are passed down from a parent to an offspring Pokemon.
However, there are only some specific moves that are passed down from the parents.
For Eg.- We have two Sesmitoads, a male and a female, and the male one has the moves Drain Punch and Earth Power. Breeding them together will result in a Tympole which knows Earth Power but not Drain Punch. This is because Tymople does not get the move Drain Punch as an egg move. See more here.
These are usually moves which Pokemon cannot get through normal means, such as the Earth Power Tympole as stated in example. In Gen 5, only males can pass down egg moves, but in Gen 6, if breeding with a Pokemon of the same species or Ditto, females can pass down egg moves as well.
These are genetic factors in Pokemon,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.165586
Retrieved Text: The Offspring have revealed that they have finished recording their new studio album.
The record, which is the ninth of the band’s career, is the follow-up to their 2008 effort ‘Rise And Fall, Rage And Grace’ and their first album with new drummer Pete Parada.
The California punks have not indicated when the record is likely to be released or what it will be titled. Only one song title has been revealed, with a track titled ‘You Will Find A Way’ set to feature on the record.
The band are set to tour this summer, with their festival appearances set to include Rock In Rio festival in Portugal, Punkspring festival in Japan and Denmark’s Skive festival.
The Offspring have yet to confirm any UK shows – they were last in the UK to appear at last summer’s Reading And Leeds Festivals.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.126728
Retrieved Text: The process of natural selection had begun. As variations arose by chance, some tended toward the preservation of the individual, others toward its destruction. Those variations, however slight, which were in any degree profitable to the individual cell in its complex relations to other cells and to the external environment tended toward its preservation, and only those cells which happened to possess the most profitable variations survived. In this way, nature improved upon her products; simple living cells became more sophisticated and their characteristics became more diverse.
Plant and animal cells of a similar type began to unite into colonies. Reproduction continued. Offspring tended to inherit the advantages that their parents had exhibited, and in the billions of young colonies produced, the number of offspring was increasing geometrically.
Competition arose among the increasing numbers of living things. Food, space, water, and air were in demand. The slightest advantages helped to determine which animals and which plants would survive to pass on new characteristics to their offspring and which would simply perish.
The time was about 2,000 million years ago, and the earth was in its Archeozoic, or "primitive life," stages. All life was concentrated in the salt seas, in the forms of simple one-celled animals and plants. Extensive volcanic activity and mountain-building was going on, and there was no life outside the warm oceans.
Eight hundred million years passed, and the earth entered the Proterozoic, or "1st life," era. Invertebrate phyla evolved, becoming more and more varied from one another. After another 650 million years, the earth entered the Paleozoic

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.059965
Retrieved Text: Grief Without Belief: How Do Atheists Deal With Death?
He's dead and in the ground. I take great comfort in thinking that he's in a good place. Do we just become fertilizer, end of story? I am not questioning your beliefs and the why or where of it. I'm just asking what you think is the next step. If you think it's fertilizer, please lie to make it more interesting.
For all the talk of rationality, intellectual honesty, and objectivity we engage in as atheists, this is one of the most uncomfortable questions we have to wrestle with. What can we offer as a substitute for the emotional comfort religion offers believers in facing their own death, or that of their loved ones? What should we say to our believing family and friends when they are acutely grieving these losses?
My friend's note jolted me. Not because I didn't have a response. I did. I just wasn't sure how to articulate it in a way that was both accurate and emotionally supportive, her loss being so recent. It also forced me to revisit the death of my own father, who I had a very close relationship with.
Processing a horrific experience like the loss of a loved one using rationality and logic does help when you're trying to make sense of things, but not as much during those times you're feeling helpless and emotionally vulnerable. I can see how believing in God can help there.
That said, what do believers do with this God? Do they rage at him for cruelly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.946821
Retrieved Text: English: The English Programme of Study to be followed with the following areas forming the basis for the reading, writing, spelling and grammar work for each individual term. These units of work are based on the Scholastics English Scheme of work for K.S. 2 which explores different genres within each unit of work.
Maths: Plans to follow the 2014 Mathematics Curriculum based Hamilton Plans for Years 4 and 5 and on the Abacus Mathematics Scheme of Work for Year 6.
Year 4: Where on Earth? Our world from the ISS; Why different weather? Weather around the world.
Britain’s settlement by the Anglo-Saxons and Scot: Anglo-Saxon art and culture; Christian conversion; Canterbury, Iona and Lindisfarne.
The Viking and Anglo-Saxon struggle for the Kingdom of England to the time of Edward the Confessor: Viking raids and invasion.
Year 4 (with Year 3): Islam – inspirational people; Christianity – The 10 Commandments; Remembrance Day; Christmas.
Years 5 and 6: Hinduism: worship, pilgrimage and special places; Christianity: beliefs and questions / Christmas.
Science: Scientific skills including the use of different scientific techniques to answer questions, the setting up of simple comparative and fair tests, being able to make systematic and careful observations and recording and presenting data in a variety of ways.
Animals including Humans: Habitats and Food Chains; Construct and interpret a variety of food chains and food webs; Identify producers, predators and prey; Recognise that living things are interdependent; Recognise that animals and plants are suited to and adapt to their environment; Investigate living things in a considerate way.
Nutrition: Sorting foods/ Digestion; Identify that animals, including

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "How do living things have children?" and the following answer choices: 
- death
 - people
 - humans
 - babies
 - it needs them
 - reproduction
 - mitosis
 - production

Now knowing that reproduction is the process by which living things give rise to offspring and seed refers to offspring, children, choose the best answer.

Target Text: reproduction

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 18.4444
Retrieved Text: To see the world through my children’s eyes is beautiful. It is safe and loving and inclusive. Everyone is a friend until proven otherwise by actions or words. Appearance and background have no bearing on how people are perceived.
My children – all our children – deserve to know these things. I have the power – no, the responsibility – to protect how my children view the world and influence how they treat others. And, so do you. And, in turn, our children will influence the future of our world.
I am not living in denial, but rather in hope of a better future.
Editor’s note: This post is an adaptation of Mia’s Facebook post which was discussed on Pop Sugar.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 18.2984
Retrieved Text: From the adult child's point of view: How to maintain a relationship?
Lucy Tobin, a boomerang kid in the UK, recently write an excellent piece for The Guardian that can provide some insight for parents with adult children living at home — especially if they have recently returned from university — about how challenging it is for adult children living at home to maintain a normal young adult’s life, having had to give up the typical young adult lifestyle. The article shows how both parents and kids can feel stressed by the situation, and may echo some of your own thoughts about how challenging it is to see your adult child making mistakes or decisions you don’t agree with right in front of you, even if you know they were likely doing those same things while they were away (and you were blissfully ignorant).
Do these sentiments sound familiar? If so, you can read the rest of the article here. And then, you might want to check out the tips you can find in The Hands-On Guide to Surviving Adult Children Living at Home.
More stories of adult children living at home, this time from the Wall Street Journal.
This entry was posted in Family stories, From the adult child's perspective on December 30, 2009 by Christina Newberry.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 18.216501
Retrieved Text: My country is becoming unrecognizable to me. I am more scared than I have ever been about the direction our world is headed. The news reports no longer look like current events, but seem to have somehow been replaced with programming that resembles disturbing documentaries that belong on the History Channel. How could these things be happening in my country? These things happen elsewhere; in countries in the midst of civil war. Not here. These things happen in time periods long past. Not now.
I am only one person, but I am a mom. I have the power to make a difference, if only in the lives of my own children.
To see the world through my children's eyes is beautiful. It is safe and loving and inclusive. Everyone is a friend until proven otherwise by actions or words. Appearance and background have no bearing on how people are perceived.
I do not want my children to grow up surrounded by hate and fear and mistrust of those who are different. No, I will not allow these things to mar their innocent and untainted outlook.
In the face of hatred, I will teach them love.
In the face of violence, I will teach them peace.
In the face of intolerance, I will teach them to reach out to others.
In the face of fear, I will teach them hope.
My children - all our children - deserve to know these things. I have the power - no, the responsibility - to protect how my children view the world and influence how they treat others.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 18.14419
Retrieved Text: Why do I have to? looks at a set of everyday situations that provide challenges for children at home, with their friends, and at school. Laurie Leventhal-Belfer empathises with children's wish to do things their way, explains clearly why their way does not work, and provides a list of practical suggestions for how to cope with these challenges and avoid feelings of frustration. This is the ideal book for children who have difficulty coping with the expectations of daily living, as well as for their parents and the professionals who work with them.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 17.961494
Retrieved Text: Dr. Gattegno, originator of our Words in Color reading program and noted educator, would remind parents and teachers that we adults could better understand the problems confronting our children because we had been their ages. They, on the other hand, could not relate to our point of view because they had not yet lived our age! But it seems we so quickly forget what it was like being a kid. We forget what effect our parents’ form of discipline had on us, how we thought about it, what we wished it might have been. So what we need to do is to search our own personal history, our own childhoods, and try to get in touch with ourselves as children. Then perhaps we can better parent our offspring.
When we look at the lessons we want our children to learn, among them are the practical matters of common sense living. For instance, we know that in order to be a successful member of our society, children need to learn to postpone gratification. They must learn that they can’t have what they want right now. My husband used to have an unwritten rule about this. Whenever a child asked for something NOW, the answer was always, “no.” The children learned to stage their requests in advance to maximize their chances of getting what they wanted or even needed.
Children also need to learn that they don’t get to have everything they want. Some things just won’t be theirs. This isn’t so much a desire on our parts to raise

########
Rank: 5
Score: 17.888435
Retrieved Text: I am married from past 10 months. its been only a two weeks since I started living with my husband. I am facing mental troubles with my husband. My husband has a father, two elder brothers and their wife and their children. The house is divided in three floors. The first floor where husband's first elder lives with his wife, children and father. Second floor where me and my husband reside. Third floor where my husband's second elder brother lives with his wife and children. My husband being the youngest and llst his mother 16 years ago was living with his first elder brothers family. I have always lived in a nuclear family and so I asked my husband before marriage if we can live in nuclear way at our floor. My husband himself agreed and said that we will not be dependent on elder brother's family for our food and living. Now that I have started living with my husband I requested him to lets start our own living. But my husband completely ignored it. My husband is not ready to make arrangements for our drinking water and cooking at our floor. So I have to go to my husband's elder bhabhi's floor for food and water. My husband's Bhabhi is also doubling my problems. She takes my husband's cloths from my floor without my permission in my absence. She serves food to my husband. She continuously comes to my floor and ask my husband if he need anything. Her children visit my floor in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 17.853748
Retrieved Text: Preschoolers will go "buggy" over this insect activity!
Poke air holes in the lid of the plastic container.
Invite children to tell you what they know about insects. Describe what they look like. Do you know the names of their body parts? Where do they live? What do they eat? What do they do in the cold weather?
What more do you want to learn about insects? Ask if they have any suggestions on how to collect insects to observe. Introduce the bug jar. Based on their suggestions, try different collection methods.
Teach the children about the 4 L's* for studying insects (and other living things).
Wet a piece of bread and cover it with sugar or honey.
Put the bread in the jar.
When all the children arrive the next day, check the jar.
If you capture any insects, place the lid on and bring the jar inside.
Spend the day observing the insects.
At the end of the day - let them go!
Review with the children all the things you learned about insects and create a plan for sharing your findings with families and friends!
*4 L's first seen at www.kindergarten-lessons.com.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 17.828064
Retrieved Text: How to help your children through a pregnancy loss may not be the first thing on your mind when you are trying to navigate the waters of pain yourself. Pregnancy loss affects the whole family and it can have a profound impact on your other children.
I remember like it was yesterday the feelings I had after my miscarriage a few years ago. I was so numb inside and I felt like I was walking around in a cloud for so long. I could see the pain that my living children were experiencing and it was difficult to comfort them when I was needing comfort myself!
Although it has been almost 4 years ago…my children have not forgotten our lost baby. They still bring the baby up from time to time and ask questions about “what if”….
It can be scary for a child of any age to see their mother sad, upset or sick. When we found out that our baby had no heartbeat it was still a few days before I had a D&C. During this time I was in pain physically and extremely emotional. Our oldest child was a freshman in high school and I could tell he was really distressed because there was nothing he could do to help his mom in that situation. He had never seen me cry so much.
It can scare a child when the person that is their rock seems to be crumbling before their eyes! This is the time to reassure your child that even though you are very sad

########
Rank: 8
Score: 17.73893
Retrieved Text: Teaching children about money and how to save it is something that all parents should do. This is something that schools often ignore, and sadly, many children grow up without understanding the importance of budgeting and saving money for the future. As parents, teaching these lessons to children is like giving them a gift that they will use for the rest of their lives. Continue reading to learn how you can teach your child about money and the importance of saving.
As parents, it’s easy to fall into the trap of wanting to make your children happy. This may involve rushing out to buy the latest toys, or electronics. Doing so is a sure fire way to set a child up for unrealistic expectations and frustration later in life. Teach children that life isn’t filled with instant gratification. In order to get the things they want, they must work and save up for them.
Children can’t really learn about money, if they never have any. Give children a weekly allowance. Let kids use their allowance for items such as toys, new cell phones, and extra clothing, outside of the regular clothing items that parents buy. Teach children how to work to make extra money if they need more than what they have. Let them do yard work for neighbors, or pick up extra chores around the house. Just don’t hand them money, let them earn it and save. This is a wonderful lesson that they’ll need for their future.
Most banks have special accounts available for those who are

########
Rank: 9
Score: 17.726639
Retrieved Text: COCO | We provide sustainable sources of quality education to children living in poor and marginalised communities.
We provide sustainable sources of quality education to children living in poor and marginalised communities.
What Will My Fundraising Achieve?
Over the past year you helped COCO directly impact on 14,408 people.
COCO believes that all children, regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or economic circumstance should have the opportunity to receive an education.
You can support the work that we do by donating, taking part in one of our challenge events or by fundraising for us.
Launched in 2014, Schools for Life combines six elements to provide a sustainable source of excellent education for communities across East Africa.
Find out about how COCO's work impacts local communities and helps children access an education.
COCO's Schools for Life programme seeks to replicate the success of Hoja Secondary School across East Africa. Graduates from Hoja Secondary have achieved the best results of 185 schools in the region for the past 5 years!
Find out about all the latest goings on from the COCO Team, our project partners in East Africa, and the amazing things our lovely supporters get up to!
COCO has a full programme of events and challenges for our supporters to get involved in, we have something for everyone!
Find out more about what you can do and how far funds can go.
© Copyright COCO - COCO is a Scottish registered charity (SC030428) and is regulated by OSCR. TemplateMonster Design.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 17.646763
Retrieved Text: Children laugh with abandon and don’t think or care about how it will look. When they laugh, they laugh out loud. They are carefree and find happiness in small things, adults can go months without laughing, start laughing like a child.
Children do whatever they want to do. They sing loudly, dance around, and enjoy being creative. They don’t care about consequences and have no fear. They don’t know the taste of failure and just keep doing their best.
Kids often imagine things in a weird way and tend to know the logistics behind things happening around them. They tell interesting stories about how babies are born, how trees grow, and many other developments. They have a great power to imagine things which yields great ideas. Sometimes they ask such weird questions we have a hard time coming up with an answer!
When children love they do it unconditionally without wanting anything in return, this is something we should learn. Just like trees bear fruit without expectation, kids shower love without consideration. Give unconditional love and see how your life changes.
Kids usually don’t have fixed schedules or obligations and they live life on their own terms, if they want to color or play with toys then that is what they do. Living life freely makes you more creative, efficient, and innovative.
One moment they are upset, the next moment they are fine. You give them a chocolate and they are happy. They carry the attitude of forgive and forget. They are innocent and let go of anger and sadness. Learn

########
Rank: 11
Score: 17.579824
Retrieved Text: Does anyone else get distraught thinking about pregnancy and climate change?
I’m in my late 20s and would really love to have children sometime in my early 30s. My husband and I go back and forth on whether or not to have children often mostly because of climate change.
I’m concerned with how drastically the weather has been as of late. I have been seeing flowers bloom in December when they are due in April, and the temperature going from 14 degrees to 60 the next day.
I worry about having kids but I also think I sound like a end-of-the-world crazy type of person. Am I being to pessimistic? I personally think I’ll be dead before the weather gets even worse but I worry for my future children and their future children. Does anyone else think about this? Did it deter you from having children or no?
Honestly, No, not at all. My husband and I are planning on TTC next summer and I have no second thoughts about it.
I’m a pretty optimistic person so I just don’t get caught up in all the doomsday stuff. I think climate change is very serious and absolutely something that humanity needs to be doing so much more about but I’m not going to stop living my life or choose not to have children because things could be bad in the future. That’s just not how I choose to live my life or think about the future. Yes, things could be bad – maybe because of climate change, maybe because of something

########
Rank: 12
Score: 17.543655
Retrieved Text: Fagasau Lole Laulu, aged 76 from the village of Fasitoo-Uta, may be living alone but her joy leaves her without a worry in the world.
Yesterday, Fagasau had a big smile on her face.
“My husband passed away three years ago and now it’s just me here at home,” she explained.
“I have four children and most of them are living with their spouse’s family, I have another child living over in New Zealand.
“I am just waiting to see if my child in overseas will send some money over because he just went there recently. Our plan is that he will go find a house for us to live in.
Asked if she was in need of anything, she replied that she is living in the mercy of the Lord.
“We have water here, but I live on faith and prayer that I might get some blessings,” Fagasau said.
“Maybe I might get some money from people. I don’t have my children here to go out and earn some money for us because I just have one who just left for overseas.
How is everything with the Church and Village, Fagasau was asked: “The church is great,” she quickly replied.
“The only thing we do for the church is just tithing. I attend the Assembly of God. My church sign is just down the road.
According to Fagasau, she has been living this way for three years and she is ok with it.
“I have been living by myself for three years now,” she said.
“I do my own chores and if I have enough money then

########
Rank: 13
Score: 17.524115
Retrieved Text: Hello Kindness Followers! As a follow-up to my last post titled “Kindness and Our Story,” I started thinking about whose life I’m living. Now that I’m trying to figure out and live my story, I wanted to take it a step deeper and ask myself about the ways I do and do not live my life. How have I been living for others? In what ways have I not been living my life?
In order to fill the void of not living my life I kept myself busy with being busy. I created long to do lists of running errands that seemed so important, but were in fact many times pointless and meaningless, except to fill my void. If I kept busy, then I did not have the time to stop and feel how sad and worthless my life felt. Now, I not saying being a stay at home mom is unimportant, in fact, being with my children has been a gift and a blessing that I have so much gratitude for. But for me, I purposely looked for meaning in volunteering, errand running, and carpooling, instead of slowing down and asking myself what I truly wanted. I did everything for everyone else and I was left with an empty, sad, unhappy, busy, stressed-out and exhausted shell of myself. I did not know who I was, what I liked and what I thought about things. Yes, I had times here or there that were filled with happiness, but for the most part I was avoiding living my

########
Rank: 14
Score: 17.470922
Retrieved Text: Do the living things in the mountains share foods?
Do the living things in the deserts share foods?
Do the living things in the oasis share foods?
Do the living things in the sea share foods?
Do the living things in the rivers share foods?
Do the living things in the forests share foods?
Do the living things in the cities share foods?
Do the living things in the Gaia share foods?
They changed the Keys from the Encrypt to the Open.
Zion is a Holy Place.
Soul train is coming our way, er!
Oh, children, Zion train is comin' our way, get on board now!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 17.438864
Retrieved Text: The A to Z of Safe Children Online is intended to help both parents and teachers foster a safer online experience for children.
Part of growing up is learning how to do things AND learning how to do them safely. It would be unthinkable not to teach children about road safety. And as younger and younger children have access to computers and mobile devices at home and in school, they now need to be taught how to be safe online.
This A to Z guide sets out some simple rules - following them will help keep all of us and our children safe online.
You can share the guideline freely and even host it on your website, but please do not offer it for sale or use it for commercial purposes a safer online experience for children.
The writer, Mark Johnson, is a prominent thinker and speaker on emerging online and social media risks. He is the author of Demystifying Communications Risk to be published by Gower Publishing. Mark is currently working on his second book.
Corinne Blandin, the illustrator, is a teacher, demonstrator and artist, born in France and now living in Cambridgeshire, England. She works extensively with children and has produced illustrations for teaching materials now in use by a leading private school in Cambridge. Read, enjoy and stay safe online!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 17.400412
Retrieved Text: Divorcing couples must not only ready themselves for the struggles that lie ahead, but they also need to prepare their children for how to deal with an imminent dissolution. In order to do this, the focus needs to be on cooperation and co-parenting for the good of the children.
Children of divorcing parents are probably dealing with a variety of emotions as they figure out how things are changing. When approaching the subject of divorce with kids, especially younger ones, keep the language and topics simple. Focus on addressing how the divorce will change concrete things in their world. While a discussion with older children may go into more depth, all children need to know that both of their parents will still be there for them no matter how living arrangements change.
Routines are very important for children, so any plans for new living arrangements should take into consideration how to maintain routines as much as possible. Refrain from discussing any moves or routine shifts with children until both parents have agreed to the details of how to orchestrate the changes. The development of a parenting plan is required in Missouri, so working with a legal or counseling resource to draft one early on in the process may be helpful for the entire family.
While it may be difficult to set aside individual emotional issues to work with a future ex-spouse, it is important for parents to show their children a united front when it comes to caring for them. The discussion of divorce-related topics with children will go

########
Rank: 17
Score: 17.333487
Retrieved Text: One of the best things about living here, is seeing how much everyone loves on the girls. It’s made me realize, that the quickest way to a mama’s heart is to love her children. The Abdos do an fantastic job of showering Julia and Hannah with attention and affection. It makes me love the Abdos even more (which is saying something, because we already love them a ton).
Jonathan and I have joked that our area is very European. If we had a little kitchenette in the laundry room, we’d be all set to live in France! After we packed all our things into storage, there was an amazing weight lifted at realizing just how little we can (and should) be living off.
4 Responses to "Welcome to our humble abode"
I’m glad things are working out so well for you guys with living with the Abdos. We’ve really enjoyed having Adam living with us, more so than I thought I would. Makes me think that Wendy’s commune idea is actually a really good one! And I think it’s always a good practice to be “force” to live with less. It is really helpful in showing how little we really need to get by.
I think I missed why you are doing this…? You make our flat look huge!
We’re moving. Staying here in town, but buying a new house and we have about 8-10 weeks btwn being out of our old place and moving into our new one.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 17.32932
Retrieved Text: I love Father’s Day and Mother’s Day celebrations because it is a time we get together for a few hours over a nice meal and enjoy each other’s company. Tradition in this country is for gifts and cards, too. (Well, come to think of it isn’t that our tradition for everything??) In many families I believe it is a time to remind children of all ages that it is someone’s special day and to be nice. Kids hear, “Don’t fight.” “Be nice.” “Say Happy Mother’s Day”, “Happy Birthday”, or whatever is celebrated. Some even get dressed up in their finest. There are many special celebrations!
I sit here wondering how these celebrations are different in families that practice living from their heart every day. I would love to see discussion on this page! My grandson is naturally a from- the- heart- kid. He enters the door and seeks both of us out for a hug and “I love you” before heading off to do something. He never leaves without a repeat. In between, he has his “Why can’t I…” “I want…”, “Why do I have to…????” , like many other kids, but he is respectful and caring every day. Celebrations are not necessary when every day is from the heart. The interesting thing is, those that live from their heart, look forward to celebrating others! They don’t resent it, it is a joy!
Each child has their own unique personality and reacts to living with the same upbringing in different ways. Some truly hold onto living from their

########
Rank: 19
Score: 17.31758
Retrieved Text: Help your children to make healthy choices with our pack of teaching resources. Includes a topic guide to discuss with your class, a range of activity resources and display materials to enhance the learning environment.
One 10 Page Healthy Living Guide – A PDF / Powerpoint guide to healthy lifestyles and healthy choices. Includes information about diet, exercise, keeping clean, sleep, medicines and staying safe.
Three ‘Healthy or Not?’ Activities – Can your children sort these activities into ‘healthy’ or ‘not healthy’ groups? These resources are available at three different levels of difficulty and are a great starting point for discussions about healthy choices.
Six ‘A Healthy and an Unhealthy Day’ Timelines – Can your children create imaginary timelines of a healthy and an unhealthy day? What activities / meals will they draw or write about?
Five Healthy Living Charts – Five charts that children can use to record a range of healthy habits and activities. How much exercise do they complete every day? How many portions of fruit and vegetables have they eaten? Have they brushed their teeth? Did they walk to school? Have they washed their hands before eating?
Seventy-Two Food and Drink Cards – A set of cards that show different items of food and drink. Use them to discuss which foods are healthy / unhealthy, use for sorting activities or to plan your own healthy recipes!
Seven Food Sorting Posters – Challenge your children to identify different foods that can be sorted into the groups on these posters. They can record their answers by drawing or writing… or

########
Rank: 20
Score: 17.281118
Retrieved Text: Explaining Bipolar Disorder to your children.
I don’t usually do off the cuff posts, but I felt that I had to share something with you today.
So, I’m part of a support group on Facebook for people who suspect they have, or have been diagnosed with Bipolar.
One of the members of the group today asked a really important question.
How do I explain to my children that I have Bipolar?
Ashamedly, I had never actually thought about it before. I always thought that my son was too young to comprehend the complexities of Bipolar. I always worried that the subject was too heavy for him. I didn’t want to put that on him, ya know?
But the reality is, he’s living this with me and our kids are a lot more aware than we realise. I’m not stupid, I know he’s bound to have picked up on things. It’s something I’ve struggled to come to terms with over the years. It’s racked me with guilt.
That’s why I feel I need to share this resource. Because, it’s a great starting point to explain to children exactly why things are the way they are. I found it really useful and I hope other people can too.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 17.234453
Retrieved Text: So, this happened this week! I was talking with Miss Youngpeter in the preschool and telling her how sorry I was that her grandmother had just passed away. She thanked me and then preceded to tell me that Jumpy, the class pet had died! Yes, Jumpy, the tadpole/frog that we had in church one Sunday! How do you tell children when someone or something dies?
This is a question all of us face at one time or another! My answer is head on! It may seem easier to avoid the truth. We could have told the children Jumpy jumped away, or that he was living in a big pond now. But what does that teach children about death. I know, we don’t want our children to be sad or to suffer, but how do they learn to cope with loss if we don’t help guide them when they are younger.
Here’s what we did. All of the children from both classrooms met me in the Sanctuary. We sat on the floor in front of the altar like we always do. I told them the truth. That Jumpy had died and would no longer be in their classroom. As you would expect, many of the children gasped! And then, we counted and talked! I asked the children to come up 10 good things they could list about Jumpy. They shared some great memories of having Jumpy in their classroom. When we got to number 10 I said that Jumpy was buried in the ground and could feed the ground

########
Rank: 22
Score: 17.194546
Retrieved Text: "Roleplayers in the Pietermaritzburg Urban Renewal Programme (Purp) hope to rid the CBD of street children.
"To have street children in our city centre is in contrast with our Purp, which is aiming at cleaning and beautifying the city.
The words spoken by the spokesperson quoted in this article were chosen deliberately to show exactly what is though of those children living on the streets by the local authorities and organisations. When did helpless, hopeless and orphan children become a blight on beauty instead of a sign that our society is what some people call evil?
When did it happen that someone who sees a child begging in the streets sees not a child, but a nuisance that must be "dealt with"? When did street children change from victims of society's evils into predators and destroyers of our precious "beautifying"? Why do we automatically assume that these children actually have a choice, or that this is the life they wanted for themselves? Would we want our own children to live on the streets? If our children did live on the streets, would we see them as a blight or as a tragedy?
These children were born into a life that was determined to give them absolutely nothing from their first moment alive. Most of them are addicted to drugs because they simply cannot, will not and don't want to face the hopeless future that awaits them. If they have parents at all, they are most likely drunkards, neglectful and abusive. For many of them, the street is the only home

########
Rank: 23
Score: 17.190578
Retrieved Text: How Can I Help My Young Teenager Who Doesn’t Socialize With Other Peers?
Experts offer tips for helping children develop their spelling ability at home. Parents can make this fun and meaningful if there is a reason for spelling/writing.
Tips from an expert on how to get your teen or pre-teen to read more.
College Admissions: What Should Students Do If They Have Been Deferred?
Saying "no" is a very important part of living the life of your dreams. We all want to be involved in the things that we want, but many of us are involved in things we don’t want. These five pathways will help us say "no" without guilt.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 17.170097
Retrieved Text: If you’re a senior, particularly if you’re living your “golden years” (80+), you may be experiencing greater difficulty living at home alone. Sometimes this difficulty is hard to discern because it occurs so gradually. Even if you can’t feel it directly, changes in your daily routine may tell you something is off. Perhaps you’re drinking less water these days, so you won’t have to use the bathroom so often. Or maybe you’re losing weight because you haven’t gone to the grocery store and aren’t cooking like you used to. Or perhaps, showering and bathing have become a chore, so you do it less frequently. If you aren’t noticing these things yourself, are your children or your doctor asking if you’re drinking water? If you’ve eaten? If you’ve bathed? If you “have help at home”?
Given a choice, most seniors would prefer to “age in place.” Many will be able to do so by adding a visiting nurse or home health aide to your daily routine, and modifying your home to accommodate increasing physical needs. Happily, for many seniors, your current home will be forever. But others may be forced to consider alternatives such as assisted living, skilled nursing, senior apartments, or congregate care facilities. Your doctors and/or children may also be encouraging you to make a change.
Moving is an overwhelming behemoth for anyone. It doesn’t happen quickly, and it doesn’t happen without help. If you’re lucky, you have some time to sort things out, and friends, family and neighbors to help. Nowadays, you can also call on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 17.138845
Retrieved Text: There were about 5000 men, plus women and children, who "ate and were satisfied" that day, not to mention the 12 baskets full of broken pieces that were left over!
Humanly speaking that was absolutely impossible! Do the math. Man's wisdom teaches us that 2+2=4. But man's wisdom excludes God from our equations. We're forgetting God's life-giving words to us that, "nothing is impossible with Him."
Whatever the circumstances, don't rely on human wisdom, you will only wind up with a "4" (every single time). I'd rather have God's kinda math!! His equations say things like 5 loaves of bread + 2 fish + God = feeding the masses with large quantities leftover!
Whats required of us? Trusting Jesus enough to take whatever it is we have (great or small in our own estimation is irrelevant) and "bring them here to Me." And while we may not know exactly “how” something will be solved, we do know the One who is more than able to do the solving and it’s to His capable hands that we bring (and leave) all things.
That's "all in" kind of living, friends...the Kingdom living Jesus came to bring.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 17.116259
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home › Blog › Charlotte Mason Method › Education Is › Three Questions for the Homeschool Mother: How?
In the past couple of weeks we have looked at two very important questions for homeschool mothers: Why must the children learn? and What should they learn? Charlotte Mason believed that those questions needed definite and thoughtful answers if we would be in a position to teach our children well.
One question remains for our discussion, and it is one of the most conspicuous distinctives of the Charlotte Mason way: How? Probably more than anything else, the How of the Charlotte Mason Method is what makes our home schools unique. Let’s take a look at her methods today.
Hopefully you remember what we learned about the Why and What.
The children learn to grow (not just to know).
Their minds feed on ideas (not just facts).
Therefore, give the children a wide variety of good ideas.
But how do we spread this feast of ideas? Do we mash up all this nutritious food and spoon-feed it into their young minds? Do we set up a prize and watch them tear through the tidbits like a pie-eating contest? No. Rather, we serve these nutritious ideas in an attractive setting with encouragement to eat small portions regularly and give plenty of time to digest.
Let’s look at each part of that description.
An attractive setting—Charlotte taught many school subjects using living books: history, Bible, science, geography, literature. Plus, she included many subjects that are attractive in themselves: art, music, nature, poetry. And the subjects that sometimes

########
Rank: 27
Score: 17.1118
Retrieved Text: Being a member of the CICC gives young people a chance to have a say about the things that really matter in their lives. You get to meet new people and talk about what it’s like living in care and to share problems and similar issues.
These can be issues around your education, contact, health or anything that is having an effect on you. We get to talk with the key decision makers to tell them how they can make being in care better for other children and young people. We make suggestions to help make services better and get involved in making changes and improvements to the care we receive.
We are currently looking to do our Annual Care Survey and the priorities will arise from this.
“..every councillor, every Director of Children’s Services, every social worker or teacher should demand no less for children in care than they would for their own children”.
This is what is meant by ‘Corporate Parent’.
The Corporate Parenting Panel is to ensure that Oldham fulfils its corporate parenting responsibilities and monitors performance in terms of improving outcomes for looked after children and care leavers.
The Children in Care Council have members that sit on the Corporate Parenting Panel to discuss changes that affect young people like them.
This is our special celebration evening where Looked after children and Care Leavers get to celebrate and showcase all the fantastic things that they do and have been involved with over the past twelve months.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 17.074286
Retrieved Text: Is there any situation people disobey the law? = Do you think that people obey the law all the time?
Do people like being a policeman in your country?
What qualities should a police officer have?
Why some people prefer to be a lawyer?
Do women pay more attention to their health than men?
Could governments do more to promote healthier lifestyle options?
Do you think most people worry more about their health as they get older?What do old people in your country do to keep fit?
What else people can do to keep fit besides sports?
Do you think that the tobacco companies should be held reasonably responsible for a person’s addiction to nicotine?
Is salary important to you? What is the impact of salary on doing work?
What kinds of jobs are easy to get in a foreign country?
Should young adults work abroad?
If they don’t work abroad, would it be helpful for them to travel in a foreign country?
Is it hard to find interesting job in your country?
What kinds of preparation should people do for a job interview?
Why do some people keep changing their jobs?
What should a good employer do?
How would you define ‘an interesting job’?
What are the disadvantages of working overtime?
What kinds of clothes do people wear after work?
Do you think it is necessary for children to wear school uniforms?
Where do people in your country buy clothes?
When do people wear formal clothes?
Will the way we dress influence the way we behave?
Do people wear formal clothes more often or less often than the past?
Is fashion important where you live?
In your country, when (on what

########
Rank: 29
Score: 17.070694
Retrieved Text: GRACE AND COURTESY: This area has been one of our biggest focuses in the first few weeks of school as we establish classroom expectations and routines. We have focused on learning and living the classroom rules: use gentle hands and feet; use calm words and voices; obey the first time. These are simple to remember with repetition, and they work in any situation. The children also have been learning to greet teachers with good eye contact, a handshake and a "Good morning," as well as working to remember to stand and offer a greeting when an adult enters the classroom. In addition, our students are learning how to care for their environment by being responsible to push in their chairs, to move carefully around their friends' activities, and to clean up after themselves at snack time. They are doing a wonderful job!
​LITERACY: We enjoyed beginning our year with a Read-a-Thon fundraiser for the Aloha Community Library, reading a lot of books to go with our studies. We raised $160 for the library! Our year has also started with one of our favorite lessons...fairy tales! We will continue with this at least through Christmas, enjoying many different stories, some fractured fairy tales, dramatic reenactments, science activities and even fairy tale snacks. We have also introduced the lower case letters by name and sound and have read many books highlighting the alphabet. As we move through the alphabet, we are learning how to sign each letter in sign language. As children demonstrate readiness, they will begin working with

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "The stomach does what in the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- decreases its bodily water
 - kills all germs
 - breaks food into nutrients
 - stores bile
 - heat is produced
 - extracts water from food
 - get chemical reactions started
 - cause people to become sick.

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and the stomach is part of the digestive system, choose the best answer.

Target Text: breaks food into nutrients

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 21.207687
Retrieved Text: A lack of stomach acid production is one of the main reasons why so many people find weight-loss to be such an arduous task. When someone lacks stomach acid, they're likely to suffer from a sub-optimal metabolism, struggle with blood sugar regulation issues, experience cravings, energy lows and sleep problems, and encounter a variety of other issues. All of these responses make it extremely difficult for someone with a lack of stomach acid to make the lifestyle shifts necessary to lose weight. Furthermore, while poor stomach acid production is a very common problem, it's often overlooked by many healthcare practitioners. Addressing low levels of stomach acid can make a world of difference when it comes to facilitating weight-loss and cultivating a powerful and healthy body.
1 - What is stomach acid?
The stomach produces stomach acid to help break down and absorb the food we consume. Stomach acid activates important enzymes required for the digestive process and ensures optimal absorption of any nutrients, including proteins, vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. By helping everything get broken down properly, stomach acid also helps fight against the proliferation of bacteria in the stomach and gut – keeping us further balanced. An appropriate level of stomach acid is critical to a properly-functioning physiology and absolutely essential to regulating our body weight and promoting fat-loss.
All of these symptoms are good indicators that the body lacks stomach acid. Although many of these symptoms may be considered "normal" because they're experienced so often by so many people, their prevalence should by no means suggest they're normal.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 21.123182
Retrieved Text: Home/Basic Science/What Happens If You Swallow Gum?
That’s a very smart question. What really happens when we swallow a gum by mistake? Well, our parents always remind us to not forget to throw bubble gum right after chewing. Right? But what if we swallow it mistakenly? Gum passes through our body just like food does but it doesn’t get completely digested like food. The stomach can’t dissolve gum because of its chemical properties. Eventually you will poop it out but still, experts believe that gum shouldn’t be swallowed as it does not have any nutritional value or person who swallows gum a lot has to suffer too.
1 Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
2.1 What Happes In Your Body When You Swallow Gum?
2.2 Can You Swallow Gum?
Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
We’ve all heard the story that if you swallow you gum it will stay in your stomach for 7 years. Or you may have also been told that it will grow into a plant in your stomach. It may seem so irrational to you but you may have heard it. But is that true? Let’s find out.
When you normally eat food three processes in your body take place to convert that food into fuel that your body needs.
The first is chewing. Your teeth and tongue work together to break down the food you eat. The process breaks it down into smaller and smaller pieces to help it get digested better and easily.
Saliva then covers those pieces delivering enzymes present

########
Rank: 2
Score: 20.961477
Retrieved Text: What Exactly Is Fasted Cardio?
Does Fasted Cardio Really Burn More Fat?
It sounds perfect: Work out on an empty stomach to maximize your fat burning potential.
What is Fasted Cardio and Does it Work?
Is Fasted Cardio The Best For Burning Fat?
RELATED: 9 Sneaky Signs Your Fitness Class Is Total B.S.. Does Fasted Cardio Really Burn More Fat?
A lot of people do cardio on an empty stomach thinking it produces better fat loss. It doesn't. I never believed in it.
We've all heard it before, the theory that doing cardio on an empty stomach after an overnight fast sends fat burning into overdrive. If only it was true.
Fasted Cardio = FASTER FAT LOSS? | OR MUSCLE DESTROYER?!
"More epoc equals more fat burned. This favors eating prior to performing cardio."
Does Doing Fasted Cardio Eat Muscle? Fasted cardio is one of the best ways to burn fat.
After all, who wouldn't want to burn more fat while expending the same amount of effort?
Running on Empty: Can You Burn More Fat on An Empty Stomach? Find out if early morning fasted cardio help you lose fat faster than other cardio methods.
FASTED CARDIO TO BURN OFF BELLY FAT| GET YOUR ABS SHOWING| AND LOSE WEIGHT FAST!
Fasted Cardio For Fat Loss Revisited: Does Aerobic Exercise On An Empty Stomach Really Burn More Fat?
Is Fasted Cardio in the Morning Best?
During moderate-to-high intensity levels, the body continues to break down significantly more fat when fasted compared to after you've eaten.
Sara Lindberg, BS, MEd, is a freelance health and fitness writer. She holds a bachelor's degree in exercise science

########
Rank: 3
Score: 20.53156
Retrieved Text: 1. What order do the stomach walls go in?
2. What takes in the food in the Ileum?
3. What does the Large intestine do?
4. Where does the fat go on it's second trip around the body?
5. What does the Liver do?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 20.415955
Retrieved Text: Fat on the stomach – How do I lose it?
Incredibly many people go and believe they can lose their fat on their stomachs in isolation. This is unfortunately not the case, and that is why I am here to tell you how it is connected! How to lose your fat on the stomach.
As mentioned above, it is not possible to lose your fat on the stomach exclusively. So you should not expect that if you take 50 stomach bends, it will only affect your fat on the stomach. This theory is called “point burn” and is just a myth. I would therefore recommend you to adopt a different strategy, which I will discuss later in the post. First, we just need to get it all clear – you lose fat by lying in a calorie deficit. When you are in a calorie deficit you will lose your fat on the stomach, but also burn fat on the rest of your body. It works so that when you are in a calorie deficit, your body will need energy, and this is where it begins to find energy in your fat stores.
What helps belly bends look at your stomach?
Now when I tell you that abdominal bends do not have the effect on your fat on the stomach as you had thought, then you probably think it might be a good idea to take stomach bends. Let me quickly conclude that yes, it does! For stomach bends, of course, your abdominal muscles stimulate, giving you an even nicer stomach.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 20.384783
Retrieved Text: Oct 21, 2015. Despite the potential interest in the immune system of scavengers, little is. South Korea, said: "This is the first Old World vulture genome that. Specifically, they found variations in genes related to the regulation of gastric acid secretion, ranges do not currently overlap are likely to come into. read more.
The immune system can be divided into two overlapping mechanisms to. The acidic environment of the stomach, which is fatal to many pathogens, is also a barrier. a role in the adaptive immune response as well, just as macrophages do.
Which systems are your first line of defense against pathogens? pathogens, WHAT DO YOU THINK? • How does a. enzymes, and stomach acids. Saliva in.
Consumer Medicine Information (CMI) about Ponstan (Mefenamic Acid) intended for persons living in Australia.
These reactions are part of the inflammatory response, which is an important part of. The histamine reaction in relation to the immune response (in both allergic. in gastric secretion by helping to induce the production of acid in the stomach.
Jan 29, 2018. Up to 80% of your immune system is located in your gut and 95% of your. If you do have a bacterial infection that absolutely requires antibiotics, and suppress stomach acid, such as Prilosec and Zantac, can actually put.
As a rich source of vitamin C, lemon juice protects the body from Immune system deficiencies. Drinking lemon juice with warm water every morning helps in maintaining the pH balance of the body.
. rebalance the immune system, and restore the optimal bacterial ecosystem within the. The essential supplements

########
Rank: 6
Score: 20.211117
Retrieved Text: 1 How to choose a stomach ulcer diet in order not to harm the body?
2 What stomach ulcer diet to choose to lose weight quickly?
3 What should be the stomach ulcer diet?
All people at least once in their lives have kept to a diet. Someone for the purpose of losing weight, someone for the treatment of diseases. Most people are constantly looking for ways to lose weight. But does diet always help? There are many types of diets. Kefir, low carbohydrate, protein, Japanese and others. But which one is right for you? Each stomach ulcer diet has its own advantages and disadvantages. Some diets can be used regularly, and some only in emergency situations when you need to quickly lose a few extra pounds. Usually such diets are used by models or professional athletes.
How to choose a stomach ulcer diet in order not to harm the body?
First, you must set a clear goal. If the goal of your stomach ulcer diet is to treat any diseases, then consult with your doctor. He will make you a list of products that can be consumed and which can not. To achieve a quick effect, strictly follow the recommendations of the doctor. Also, do not stop dieting as soon as you feel better. Complete the course recommended by the doctor. If it comes to weight loss, then a little easier. If you have a lot of excess weight and you can not lose weight for a long time, then you should also contact a nutritionist. But if you feel

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.154575
Retrieved Text: Did Your Doctor Say You Make "Too Much Stomach Acid?"
The body digests and does everything else. In other words, digestion is absolutely critical to good health. Period. And this process hinges on stomach acid.
Without proper digestion, you open up a large Pandora’s box of problems because stomach acid has many different roles. With this in mind, you can begin to see how both emotional stress as well as medications that block acid production (like Aciphex, Nexium, Prilosec) could ruin your health.
First, though, I do need to clarify that this class of drugs has its place. If you’ve got a bleeding ulcer it’s not the time to discuss changing your diet and chewing your food better. It’s time to protect the lining of the stomach from the acid so that it does not break open and spill your blood inside your abdominal cavity. This can be fatal. For everyone else, however, blocking stomach acid is a bad thing.
Ironically, very few people make too much stomach acid. This is especially true as we age, where the region of the stomach begins to wear away with age, leaving up to 1/3 of seniors with achlorhydria (NO stomach acid production). Thus, one would think that a senior citizen would be a very unlikely candidate for any type of drug that blocks acid production.
Turns the stomach contents acidic. This is critically important. The pH of the stomach contents have to be more acidic than 5 ish in order for the pancreas to release secretin to neutralize the stomach contents. If this

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.081715
Retrieved Text: Want to find out what does the word stomach mean? We gathered all the possible definitions of the word stomach on our website. Our definition dictionary is updated all the time with new definitions and is ready to help you.
The main organ of digestion in the body; appetite; hence, inclination; as, he had no stomach for revenge.
He says that his stomach is ill."	- "Traditions of the Tinguian: A Study in Philippine Folk-Lore", Fay-Cooper Cole.
He shook his head and tried to keep his stomach from acting up.	- "Rip Foster in Ride the Gray Planet", Harold Leland Goodwin.
But to run a gauntlet of a dozen feet against Laramie's rifle fire was a feat none had stomach for, nor were they ready at a hundred yards to pit revolvers against it.	- "Laramie Holds the Range", Frank H. Spearman.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.047386
Retrieved Text: Does it matter how we eat?
Home/Blog/Does it matter how we eat?
I am not sure if you have thought about it, but the way we eat food is as important as what we eat.
Lots of digestive disorders, intestinal problems, bloated tummy, stomach ulcers, stomach pain or nausea come from an inappropriate way of eating.
Here are some simple rules you can follow to avoid these problems.
1. Be relaxed when you eat.
When you are stressed your body releases adrenaline which shrinks the blood vessels. This is not good because the stomach mucous membrane that protects your stomach from hydrochloric acid, which is created when you eat food, cannot rebuild due to lack of blood. This causes stomach and duodenal ulcer.
Dedicate a time slot for eating. Even if you are swamped with work, your body is number one to be taken care of. This will secure needed blood in your stomach to digest your meal correctly. When you are in a rush, the adrenaline pumps the blood to your muscles instead.
For proper digestion it is crucial to mix food with saliva. The enzyme in saliva will dissolve one of food’s components, starch. This will also help further the digestion process.
By big, I mean nutritious, full of vitamins, minerals, fibre and healthy fats.
Breakfast should cover 1/3 of daily caloric needs.
If someone does not feel hungry in the morning it means they had a late dinner.
So have an earlier and lighter dinner and a proper breakfast that will boost your body with sustainable energy to achieve your goals during the day. It

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.942945
Retrieved Text: Question: It is written in the book Endless Bliss: "In some cases the mouth is thought of as an internal part of the body. Hence, if a fasting person swallows his saliva, his fast will not break. It is like something dirty inside the body passing from stomach to intestines. Bleeding from an injury in the mouth, from taking a tooth out, or at the point where an injection was made, or blood coming from the stomach to the mouth does not break a fast or an ablution." Do these statements mean that having an injection does not break the fast?
1. When blood issues from an injury in the mouth, it breaks neither the fast nor the ablution. If this blood is swallowed, it breaks the fast but does not break the ablution. If this blood comes out of the mouth, it breaks the ablution but does not break the fast.
2. When a tooth is pulled, it does not break the fast unless as long as it is not swallowed, and it does not break the ablution as long as it does not come out of the mouth.
3. The blood that oozes from the point where an injection has been made does not break the ablution as long as it does not come out of the mouth, and it does not break the fast as long as it is not swallowed. This is what is meant therein. Otherwise, having an injection while one is fasting breaks one's fast.
4. If blood comes from the stomach to the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.642324
Retrieved Text: Heartburn (aka indigestion or acid reflux) affects many Americans, so it is no surprise that medications, such as antacids, over-the-counter acid blockers, and prescription acid blockers are big sellers. These medicines either neutralize the stomach acid or decrease stomach acid production so the acid doesn’t move up out of the stomach into the esophagus where it causes the burning discomfort. The medicines do decrease the symptoms of heartburn, but what about the long-term effects of low stomach acid?
When the stomach does not have enough acid, there will be a slow decline in general health because the body needs this acid for proper digestion and absorption of nutrients. This includes calcium and other minerals that are involved in bone formation. Studies have shown that heartburn medications are linked to increased fracture risk associated with osteoporosis, most likely because of this decreased nutrient absorption. One can imagine the other negative health effects that a deficiency of nutrients can cause. In addition, stomach acid kills organisms that our bodies get exposed to, so less acid means a possible overgrowth of unwanted guests in the body.
It is important not to ignore acid reflux, also called GERD, because the cells of the esophagus can be damaged, which is serious. I recommend seeking the advice of a naturopathic physician for natural treatments in order to avoid the side effects associated with long-term use of acid reflux medications.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.625683
Retrieved Text: I am still in the process of learning about this way of understanding the body. As a result, some of what I'm writing here might be revised in future, should my understanding deepen.
This is how I see it at the moment: The metaphorical meaning of the stomach is "the place in which the environment is digested and processed".
The external world, in the form of food and drink, is digested and absorbed via the stomach.
The food that we eat (plants and animals) and the water that we drink, come from the earth. Water, directly, and plants and animals indirectly.
Plants and animals process parts of the earth (in the form of whatever they eat or take up) to make up their physical structures (bodies). In turn, we eat these physical structures and what we eat becomes part of our bodies.
In this way information flows from the environment (in the form of particles, vitamins, minerals etc) into the bodies of plants and animals, and when we eat those plants and animals, move into us. Our stomachs are the parts of our bodies that process all of this incoming 'information'.
Whatever the plants and animals are made up of (whatever nutrition they have had) reflects the environment they are living in, and becomes part of our own bodies and our own inner knowledge.
Although I am explaining this in terms of physical information, it is not just physical information I am talking about here. In the process of digesting, broader information is also obtained. Perhaps we could call it metaphysical information.
The 'metaphorical

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.5154
Retrieved Text: Gastroesophageal reflux disease is also called acid ingestion or acid reflux. It is a very common condition which affects the muscle called LES. This is very nearby to the stomach. This condition is very commonly found in pregnant women.
What Does Heartburn Feel Like When Pregnant?
Every pregnant woman faces heartburn and acidity. The pressure that is put on the stomach may push the contents into an esophagus.
Constant pain in the upper side of the belly.
The body goes through many changes during pregnancy, including the digestive system. While you are pregnant, your body makes more of hormones called progesterone and relaxing.
Relaxin calms or relaxes the smooth muscle in the body.
Due to these hormones, the food stays for a longer time in the stomach and can more easily back up in the esophagus.
Try to maintain a steady weight. Gaining extra weight can put pressure on the stomach and make heartburn and acidity unbearable.
Have small meals: Rather than having three large meals, have small meals divided into 5-6 parts. Another thing which can be done by you is that you can pack some stuff when you leave your house and eat it throughout the day.
Water water everywhere: try having at least 8 – 12 glasses of water along with other healthy fluids like coconut water, lime juice, etc.
Avoid wearing tight clothes: Clothes fitting at the waist put much pressure on the stomach, hence they should be avoided a much as possible.
When natural remedies do not work, then it is time for you to consult a doctor. The doctor will be

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.388811
Retrieved Text: Anxiety is a common feeling for most people. However, it can viewed as problematic when anxiety starts to consume your thoughts or when you feel paralyzed by anxiety. Many times people will start to feel that anxiety is an issue when they have obsessive and intrusive thoughts or are unable to participate in certain activities. Additionally, there are ways that anxiety impacts your body. Outside of anxiety causing excessive negative thinking you may have issues with sleep, stomach aches, and twitching.
Anxiety Impacts Your Body: Why can’t I Sleep?
Anxiety impacts your body by ruining your sleep. Having difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep as considered sleep issues. When it’s time to sleep you may be thinking, replaying dialogue, highlighting insecurities or having negative racing thoughts. The body is unable to relax enough to get into a natural sleep pattern. When sleep is disrupted you will wake feeling tired and/or moody. Your brain has not had the opportunity to recover from yesterdays anxiety. Thus the brain will pick up where it left off the night before because it never stopped.
In counseling, you are taught how to manage challenging thoughts so they are not intruding into your bedtimes routine. You are taught strategies to help you consider minor adjustments to your bedtime ritual. Additionally, you are taught ways to reclaim your sleep experience.
Anxiety Impacts Your Body: Why is my stomach in knots? What happened to my appetite?
Anxiety impacts your body by causing stomach issues. Many people have labeled their stomach issues as “bad nerves” when it is in fact

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.357256
Retrieved Text: How Long Does It Take Before Iron Tablets Affect the Body?
A patient should feel the effects of iron pills between 1 week and 1 month after beginning treatment. However, building up the iron stores in the body may take 6 months or more.
To increase the iron's absorption into the body, take iron pills with orange juice or vitamin C pills. While the absorption rate is faster if iron pills are taken on an empty stomach, many people take the pills with a meal to avoid stomach upset.
In addition to iron pills, an individual should enjoy iron-rich foods, such as beef liver, brown rice, kidney beans, oysters, peanut butter, tofu and whole wheat bread.
Use cast iron skillets for cooking. Iron is absorbed from the pan into the food, especially acidic foods such as tomato sauce, increasing the amount of iron absorbed into the body.
We Have Done the Heavy Lifting for You. Choose Your Iron Tablets. Buy Now!
What Are the Common Side Effects of Iron Supplements?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.356724
Retrieved Text: The most common mistake in losing weight is to focus on one part of the body. A large number of overweight people the area of ​​the stomach are trying to solve by doing crunches, but experts point out that it failed utterly.
Scientific studies have shown that most people are overweight with abdominal crunches trying to reduce, and thereby neglecting other, much more important factors. Pounds from stomach will not go away if it will be the only crunches you do, even if they did thousands.
Crunches are, experts say, the last step in removing excess weight from your stomach. Also, do not think that will help starvation. Studies have shown that starvation does not reduce the percentage of body fat, percentage of muscle, but. In other words, your stomach may seemingly look smaller, but what you did not reduce fat, but muscle.
The first step in reducing excess weight is to lose weight by adopting healthy eating habits and aerobic exercises. One research has shown that aerobic exercise (running, walking, skating, cycling, etc.) with the best reduction in the percentage of body fat.
As far as eating a healthy diet, it has to be diverse. Every day should eat 3 main and 2 snacks. You enter a large amount of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, lean meat, skim milk and dairy products, as well as water and natural fruit juices.
The second step, which is the latest in reducing excess weight from muscle, the exercise of power or crunches. They will help to strengthen and shape your stomach muscles.
It is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.353855
Retrieved Text: The good thing about finding some upset stomach remedies for your body is that they are easy to follow and they will not require a lot of work on your end. Most of the stomach cramps and aches that people feel on a regular basis are easy to solve because they are related to the foods that those people are eating on a regular basis.
Sometimes your diet has a bigger impact on how you feel during the day than you could ever realize.
Sometimes the best upset stomach remedies involve getting some good food into your system. A lot of people have to deal with an upset stomach on a regular basis because they do not know how to eat the right foods throughout their normal day.
Instead of thinking about what they are eating, they may just be tossing any kind of food that comes their way during the day.
The best way to make sure that you never have to deal with an upset stomach is to think about the overall health of your body and make sure that your stomach is getting what it needs on a regular basis.
The main ways in which you can damage your stomach revolve around what kinds of foods you are eating and how often you are eating throughout the day.
You may not know this, but how often or how little you decide to eat throughout the day can have a huge impact on your stomach’s ability to do what it needs to do.
The best way to make sure that you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.340538
Retrieved Text: There are any ways that we can get problems on our body, from the mild to even a more severe condition. Stomach flu might not be one of diseases that threaten the life of people, but it can indeed make you suffer a lot. The fever, chills, diarrhea that makes you need to go to the bathroom, and also the nausea that will make you feel bad for the whole day. There has not been any effective cure for stomach flu, but you can actually make yourself feel a little bit better by using doing some stomach flu remedies.
Stomach flu is the kind of pain that attacks your intestines. This is also the reason why the main symptoms will usually start from the stomach area. The first thing that you will notice when you are having a stomach flu is the frequency of bathroom breaks that you will need in a day. Also, you will also notice watery diarrhea every time you go to the bathroom. This is caused by the fact that your intestines are now infected with a number of viruses.
Meanwhile, it is also frequent that you will experience nausea and fever all day long. Nausea will make you want to throw up a lot. This is not dangerous as long as you are eating foods and drinking fresh water. The fever will make you feel cold and uncomfortable, but it is actually your body system fighting the bacteria and viruses inside your body.
Other than those above, stomach flu will also be likely to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.333076
Retrieved Text: Food poisoning is a common and distressing illness, also known as food-borne illness. Each year, millions of people get sick from food poisoning. They experience symptoms like vomiting, stomach cramps, fever, diarrhoea, dehydration, and upset stomach.
Though contaminated food is the primary reason behind someone suffering from food poisoning, there are links with hand hygiene as well. Healthcare specialists suggest using Dettol Hand Wash to maintain adequate hand hygiene to stay away from conditions like food poisoning.
What To Eat After Food Poisoning?
The effects of food poisoning make the stomach severely weak. Thus, it is essential to plan a diet that does not irritate the stomach. The goal should be to eat foods that are easy to digest and don’t make the stomach feel heavy. Another thing to keep in mind is hand hygiene. Before and after consuming food, one must wash their hands using Dettol Hand Wash. If weakness isn’t allowing one to move, Dettol Hand Sanitizer should be used as an alternative.
BRAT is known to heal upset stomach. BRAT stands for B (Banana), R (Rice), A (Applesauce), and T (Toast).
The best thing is that the BRAT diet not just helps in recovering from food poisoning, but also helps treat other gastrointestinal illnesses. The food products in BRAT are high in starch, bland in taste, and thus help bind stool together. The high amount of potassium in this diet also helps in replacing lost electrolytes in the body.
A word of advice – eat slowly, don’t hurry!
Doctors recommend consuming other bland food items like baked chicken without skin,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.304825
Retrieved Text: How does Belly Fat Trick Work?
What did you learn from Belly Fat Trick?
Belly Fat Trick Review: What is Belly Fat Trick? Does Belly Fat Trick really work? How to use it? Get all answers here!!!
If you have problems losing 1 or 2 pounds a week, come back next week? Do you worry about people who have noticed that they are weighing the belly? If you have too much belly fat in your stomach, you should know that it is not your fault. Your body can not burn fat without the energy it needs. Tightening your body, trying to keep as much fat as possible, especially in the abdominal cavity. If you want to turn the key and open the door to a new healthy life? Here you are Belly Fat Trick!
Thanks to this system you will learn about the latest scientific data on these veterinary hormones and how you can encourage the body to quickly lose a lot of weight. This dynamic trick with the tummy does not require any supplements or dangerous slimming tablets that can cause heart damage. The author also advised changes in diet and eating times in order to use hormones that burn fat. In a few weeks, you will have a flat stomach and a narrow waist that you always wanted. You’ll understand why everything you tried before did not work, especially if you’re over 40 years old.
Belly Fat Trick Another trick is to lose weight, which allows you to get rid of undesirable belly fat. It’s a finding that will

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.282028
Retrieved Text: Does Incline Walking Improve Your Core?
Whether you are outside on a hill or walking on an incline on your treadmill, you can effectively work your stomach by increasing your incline during your walk. Two types of abdominal fat exist — subcutaneous fat is the type of fat that is visible, while visceral fat is the dangerous fat that surrounds the organs.
Incline walking blasts more calories than walking on flat ground. There is a greater demand placed on your body to walk uphill, which increases your heart rate and burns more calories. To lose 1 lb. of fat, you must burn 3,500 calories. Walking on an incline melts fat from your entire body, including your stomach. CaloriesPerHour.com suggests that a 150-lb. person can burn 408 calories walking on an incline for 60 minutes at a 3.5 mph pace, while the same person only burns 259 calories walking on flat ground at the same pace.
During an incline walk your abdominals are engaged to help stabilize your body. There are six major muscles of your stomach including the external obliques, internal obliques, transverse abdominis and rectus abdominus. As you walk uphill, your body must slightly lean forward to help propel yourself up your incline. More specifically, the hip flexors — the muscles at the bottom of the stomach that attach at the hip — are targeted. Each time your hip is flexed, when your knee comes up towards the body, the hip flexors are activated. Your transverse abdominis and recuts abdominis are activated to keep your core strong to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.079088
Retrieved Text: "One of my favorites, it does wonders for all the stomach trouble I have due to radiation. Not only does it help settle the stomach it helps you relax. "
"Very relaxing but not sedating and helpful with gastritis "
"Just heard of this strain and I’m very thankful. My biggest symptom is horrible nausea and the inability to eat most of the day, complete with awful regret when I DO eat because my stomach doesn’t like that either. Enter Cronuts, or, Cronuts #4 by PTS if you also are picking up your meds at MedMar Lakeview. Pleasant head and body feelings, yet I can still focus and work during the day, which is very important to me. ..."
"This strain worked amazing for my stomach, I have Crohns & this helps soothe my stomach pain issues like no other! The taste is amazing as well!"
"Cronuts #4 9/10 smell, taste, effects total package for whoever needs a boost or to relax and enjoy things for a while. Very strong in every way. "
"My primary medical symptom is abdominal pain and nausea due to an inflammatory disease of the mesentery (structural organ in the abdomen). This was suggested by my dispensary due to having inflammatory bowel disease and it's general success in people with abdominal symptoms. It worked far better than what i expected and would suggest this to anyone still looking for some relief, particularly with the "gut". The ..."

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.06614
Retrieved Text: Digit Geek > Recent Articles > Science > What is surgery in a pill?
What is surgery in a pill?
According to the International Diabetes Federation, there were over 72 million cases of diabetes in India in 2017. To put that into perspective, that number can contain the entire population of United Kingdom and still have enough room for Lebanon. Hold on, statistics can be twisted around to serve a purpose, right? So, ignore that number and look around you – how many people do you know who suffer from any type of diabetes? What we are trying to say is that diabetes is more than just an ailment in India, it is an epidemic.
Type-2 diabetes, in particular, is a highly prevalent form of diabetes where the body fails to produce enough insulin. One of the most effective ways to not only slow down its effects but even cure it all together is gastric bypass surgery. That surgery in India can cost anywhere between Rs. 4-7 lakh which is out of reach for a large part of the affected populace. Recently, researchers from Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts might have come up with a drug that removes the need for surgery altogether! Before we get to know more about that, we need to understand what gastric bypass surgery does.
A gastric bypass can be done in a number of ways and can be used to treat a number of conditions in the human body. Essentially, the surgery involves separating the stomach into a smaller ‘upper’ pouch and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.057697
Retrieved Text: Feb 18, 2016. The Stomach Acid Myth: The Real Root Cause of Heartburn + 5 Tips to. Low stomach acid is a common problem in developed nations.
May 19, 2015. Hypochlorhydria is low stomach acid production and many people have. work on symptoms but they actually exacerbate the root cause of the.
Causes of Low Hydrochloric Acid (Low Stomach Acid). Eating when upset. You can also drink dandelion root tea to increase production of HCL. If you don't.
If the body is actually producing too low stomach acid, then shutting down production entirely with these prescriptions can have profound, lasting, negative effects on the body’s overall health. Hypochlorhydria not only leads to heartburn, but has numerous effects on the body as a whole- for a comprehensive list, please see the DoctorMyhill’s wiki article.
How To Balance Stomach Acid And Improve Acne & Rosacea FAST!. To speak further to the root cause, Japanese researchers have found that 2/3 of.
Below are factor that affect stomach acid production – Age Research. just masking the symptoms rather than doing anything about the root cause it's not like I.
Aug 3, 2016. Hypochlorhydria, or low stomach acid, is an often overlooked cause of poor health. This condition occurs when the stomach is unable to.
4 days ago. Low stomach acid can cause a feeling of fullness after eating, or functional nutritionist to help determine what might be the root cause!
Hopefully, by now, it should be clear that covering up symptoms of heartburn, indigestion, and acid reflux by lowering stomach acid production even more through the use of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.97499
Retrieved Text: It is “Gastroesophageal reflux disease“. “Acid Reflux” is what we typically know it as. So, what is that? In layman’s terms: the valve (so to speak) that connect the lower esophagus to the stomach does not function properly. Allowing acid from the stomach to travel up the esophagus.
Please be aware that Peppermint may aggravate GERD symptoms, so proceed with caution.
I am very thankful that my GERD is not too bad and that I seldom need to take a PPI. It is controlled well with what I eat and how much I eat.
Broken Bones are more common. Have your physician monitor your Vitamin D and Calcium levels.
Low magnesium. Don’t think it’s important? Low magnesium can cause: muscle spasms, tremors, irregular heartbeats, and seizures.
Low Vitamin B12. This can cause: Weakness, Anemia, numbness/tingling of hands/feet, memory problems, soreness of the tongue and mouth.
Bacteria Pneumonia. Since the stomach has less acid to destroy the bacteria’s in it, there is a greater chance of bacteria infections.
Effects drug digestion. The amount of time a drug is broken down in the stomach can be reduced, making it less effective. If you have gastroparesis too, it is unknown how long a drug can take to process in your stomach -if at all.
Zinc deficiency. This has so many complications with our body, it is too great to list. Serious are: inflammatory bowel disease, increased allergic sensitivity, behavioral and sleep disturbances, mild anemia and hair loss.
Clostridium difficile (C. difficile). Is a bacterium that can cause diarrhea that does not improve. Symptoms include watery stool, abdominal pain,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.957115
Retrieved Text: I have shared this very ‘hands-on’ investigation on making poo with primary school children of all ages and with teachers at training events. Undoubtedly it is educational and engaging but most importantly, it is enjoyable and extremely entertaining. Here’s how you can explore the simple functions of the basic parts of the human digestive system in your kitchen or your classroom.
A jam sandwich (or similar), a glass of water, a bowl, a potato masher, scissors, a plastic bag, vinegar, a funnel, a clear plastic tube (diameter about 2cm), a pair of lady’s tights, a tray.
Begin by offering the children a sandwich. Whilst they are eating, ask, “What will happen to your sandwich?” Explain that they are going to see what happens to the sandwich inside their bodies.
Ask the children to help you make a list of places the sandwich goes inside them: mouth, tummy (stomach), intestines, bottom. Then show them all the equipment your have collected. Don’t tell children what is for what.
First consider what would be best to be a mouth (the bowl), then the teeth (scissors and potato masher). Older KS2 children are expected to know about different types of teeth so ask them which item would be good for cutting the food (scissors) and explain that this is what the incisors do. Similarly you can emphasise that the potato masher grinds the food which is what the molars do. You will find activities and a quiz to support children’s subject knowledge at Science Kids. So put the sandwich and a drink of water

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.955172
Retrieved Text: What to do if the cat vomits? Do I need to immediately sound the alarm? What if he got poisoned?
The situation when the animal is sick, unpleasant for the pet, and for the owner. Cat vomiting occurs for various reasons: from unsuitable food to the violation of the internal organs. The attack does not always require veterinary care – in some cases, the owner successfully copes with the problem at home.
But for every situation when the cat is sick, you need to pay attention. Objects that vomit in the stomach can cause internal injury. Nausea can be a symptom of various animal diseases.
Each cat periodically burp hair. The problem can also be observed in bald breeds adjacent to furry pets. When licking wool accumulates in the cat’s gastrointestinal tract and needs to exit. Do not be afraid if the cat periodically (1-2 times a week) burps dense hair sausages or balls. Problems are indicated by more frequent vomiting, constipation, lack of appetite, depression, and bloating. Symptoms indicate an overflow of the stomach and intestines with hair.
Inadequate nutrition. It means not only food. Kittens and adults show an interest in non-food products, such as broom twigs, houseplants, decor items (such as ikeban), foil, or Christmas decorations. Some enter the body by chance, during a game, others are eaten consciously. Vomiting of uncooked food is a potential sign that the selected feed or some product in the diet does not fit the pet.
Overeating A large portion or rapid ingestion of food does not allow the stomach to completely

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.943594
Retrieved Text: The Ultimate AB Workout For Fast Abs!
5 x UKBFF Champion Lazaro loves to work his abs and has been labelled the ‘Abs of Steel’. Lazaro says that although training for stomach muscles is essential, one must also ensure they eat a clean diet as you ultimately need low body fat levels for your abs to shine at their best.
Lazaro always does a 30 minute cardio session before working directly on his abs to help remove any unwanted body fat from his stomach region.
Total Ab Workout 20 Minutes 3 x a week.
Lazaro also believes that taking the right supplements is imperative as it provides the abdominal region with the essential ingredients for optimal results.
The supplements he uses are the Six Pack Pill to target primary fat storage areas and attacking body fat stored on the abdominal region along with Bloat No More to ensure he does not hold any unwanted water retention. Avoiding water retention is important as holding water will make you feel and look more bloated which in turn will cover your stomach muscles.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.924595
Retrieved Text: Always grateful for this forum. Sort of on the post from pamshoes (I have similar conditions plus), when taking Improved Miracle Adrenal Mix as per Trapper's recipe, how much potassium does one get from the 5ml Potassium Chloride? Do I need to supplement even more additional Potassium on top of that? How does one supplement with the Potassium Chloride powder to get to 4,700mg I saw indicated in an earlier post somewhere? Thank you.
Can I get potassium chloride from lab supply websites to use for human consumption? I'm trying to get the best deal I can. And why do their MSDS's say their potassium chloride is hell on wheels dangerous? Is it the same as what people ingest? Wondering.
I want to know the exact same thing and I've been trying to research it for the past 2 weeks and I can only find little blurbs here and there that vary wildly.
If it's the danger you're wondering about, it might depend on how your body handles the chloride part. In my case, it raises my stomach acid so high that I have burning pain. I believe one of the reasons that sustained-release potassium chloride was developed was to help avoid ulcerating the stomach lining. Everybody's different, though, and some might welcome extra stomach acid. Basic directions for taking it include drinking plenty of water with it and taking it with food.
Yeah I want more stomach acid. The part about the dosage that's tricky is also that I have adrenal fatigue symptoms (a lot of people with Iodine

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "The digestive system breaks food down into what for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- strength
 - sugar
 - meals
 - fats
 - lipids
 - fuel
 - hunger
 - matter

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and nutrients are fuel for your body, choose the best answer.

Target Text: fuel

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.865025
Retrieved Text: Why do we need a digestive tract?
If the body did not have a digestive tract, you could not enjoy your favorite pizza, hamburger, or other food. The human body must obtain its energy by eating food. Therefore, the main purpose of the digestive system is to provide the body with amino acids, carbohydrates, fats, and vitamins to keep our cells functioning. The digestive system provides these essential materials to the 75 trillion cells that live in our bodies. Wow! Do you know how many 75 trillion is?
The digestive tract takes both liquids and food and breaks them down into single molecules that can be absorbed by cells in the small intestine. These cells transport the molecules into the blood stream so that other cells in the body can use them. The digestive tract also serves to eliminate what your body doesn't absorb during the digestive process.
Why do I have a stomach?
The stomach has two major functions in your body: one for digestion and one for defense. (See the illustration on the right.). Digestion breaks down proteins with acidic stomach juice, secreting enzymes that split up proteins into individual amino acids (see Cells Are Us unit on proteins). The defense component kills most foreign organisms that you ingest so that they can't get into your bloodstream or anywhere else in your body. These organisms are destroyed by the highly acidic stomach fluid that is secreted within the stomach.
Why do you have two intestines?
The intestines are where the body absorbs all of the food, vitamins, fluid, and minerals

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.953693
Retrieved Text: Digestive Enzymes Supplements May Help Digest The Holidays!
With the Holidays upon us, we tend to eat more rich foods, drink more alcohol and indulge in sweets, candies and desserts. Digestive enzymes may be very helpful in our digestive processes and reward us with a healthier, better feeling tummy!
Digestive enzymes are absolutely essential to life. They digest our foods and then send the nourishing ingredients to the bloodstream to feed the organs, glands, cells and tissues as well as the brain. Many scientists believe that most lifestyle and degenerative diseases, and even aging are simply the lack of a continued and adequate supply of the necessary nutrients required to keep all of the body’s systems working properly.
Your body produces different digestive enzymes that it uses to break down the food that you eat. You may be eating healthy, but if your digestive enzymes aren’t getting those nutrients to your bloodstream, organs and cells, then you aren’t receiving all the benefits of that healthy diet. And those nutrients are what keep all of your systems, particularly your immune system, strong and healthy. As you are eating your food the digestive enzymes in your body are excreted from the glands in your mouth called the salivary glands, as well as the digestive enzymes that are found in your stomach. The small intestine in your body helps to move the digestive process along by allowing each of the digestive enzymes to work on specific foods.
Pepsin- breaks down proteins into peptides.
Lipase- breaks down fats found in most dairy products, nuts, oils,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.527813
Retrieved Text: What are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods. admin november 1, 2018 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods 2018-11-01t05:25 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods; will dehydration cause sugar levels to rise; vincent pedre md vegetable not to eat; ketone mg/dl vs mmol conversion; dr pedre vegetable to avoid; american diabetes. dr. pedre on. Making these 10 digestive-health superfoods mainstays of your diet can help get rid of troublesome gastrointestinal issues. by dr. mercola. the digestive process seems simple on the surface. you put a food in your mouth, chew it up, and swallow. then your body breaks down your food into components your body can utilize and absorb.. Three more trendy “superfoods” to avoid. posted on january 9, a vital digestive enzyme, to break down and digest proteins from the saliva to the small intestines. but soybeans, if not properly prepared, contain an anti-trypsin factor that blocks trypsin. sometimes you need up-to-the-minute information and opinions on the day’s.
Bariatric surgical treatment for weight-loss to reverse type 2 sugar diabetes. 4 superfoods to cure your digestive issues and give you more energy. When it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. – blackmores 7 superfoods for digestion 9126 views 3 min to read. when it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. our digestive system can only be as healthy as the food we eat, and all fruits and vegetables go a long way to keeping it in good.
7 superfoods that help digestion. the digestion process is an intricately choreographed ballet during

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.886086
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.666336
Retrieved Text: Download "Notes - Platyhelminthes and Nematodes"
AFTER mechanical digestion, the pieces of food are still to be used by broken down. the cells. They MUST be EVEN MORE!!!!!!
Chapter 22 The Digestive System Yoon Seo Orite, Jack Kohm, And Jackson Masuda Main Idea The digestive system breaks down ingested food and provides necessary nutrients to the body through various processes.
Flatworms, Nematodes, and Arthropods Bởi: OpenStaxCollege The animal phyla of this and subsequent modules are triploblastic and have an embryonic mesoderm sandwiched between the ectoderm and endoderm.
GRADE 2 Human Body Revised 6/16 2.1 The student will identify the major body systems, healthy food and beverage choices, emotions, and social skills, and explain how each is connected to personal health.
Day 1 Essential Questions: ~What are the different body systems? ~What are the parts of the systems? ~How is this system connected to other body systems? ~How do you keep this system working properly?
HETEROTROPHS cannot make their own food like Autotrophs(Plants). They must get their nutrition from their surrounding environment.
S7L-4 1. Which of these is an important part of the nervous system? A. spinal cord B. stomach C. veins D. muscles 2. To prevent disease, the human body naturally produces A. enzymes. B. antibodies. C.
Nutrition, part 2. Because 1 part isn t enough!
Untitled Document. A. The foxes will eat more wolves. B. The foxes will eat fewer wolves.
Monday, October Pick up a little man from the front table. Color and glue it into your journal on the next available page.
Digestive System. What happens to the donut you ate for breakfast this

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.51057
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.478455
Retrieved Text: ‘Lose 10 Pounds, 10 Years, in 5 Weeks!
Your digestive system "breaks down and processes" everything you consume! The process starts by chewing. Then your esophagus moves everything down to your stomach. This usually takes anywhere from a few minutes, to a half hour.
For about 4 hours, your stomach mixes the food up with acid and sends everything down to your small intestine. For approximately another 4 hours, your small intestine receives very strong alkaline (digestive) juices from your gallbladder and pancreas. These digestive juices mix with the now liquified food and your body starts to absorb it.
This process continues on down to your large intestine where the rest of any food and fluids are absorbed into your body. This may take up to 12 hours!
Any residue that is left over is eventually eliminated, but here's the GOOD NEWS! This entire process BURNS CALORIES and results in weight loss!
Not only that... But you can eat all you want!
Not only that... But you'll really lose weight!
Not only that... But it tastes good!
The Negative Calorie Diet™ is based on more than 100 foods requiring your body to BURN calories as your body processes these foods through your digestive system thus, burning more calories than the actual calorie content of the food itself! This results in your body burning the remaining stored fat as its new source of energy!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.045433
Retrieved Text: The digestive system is one of the most complex systems in the human body, and one of the most vital. A digestive system that is performing in a less than optimal manner can have massive health and fitness knock on effects, right through the body.
DigesTech from Onnit represents one of the most powerful digestive enzyme combinations on the market today. It works by increasing the natural enzyme levels in the stomach which breaks down food faster, easing any bloating or discomfort associated with eating a large meal, as well as assisting with nutrient. Greater nutrient absorption then supplies the bodily system with increased availability of the energetic components for optimal function. With enzymes specifically chosen to help digest all five of the major food categories — including dairy, fats, protein, carbs, and fiber — this natural supplement is an all-in-one professional grade digestive enzyme formulation.
Protease are enzymes that break the peptide bonds that link amino acids into polypeptide chains forming proteins, and can also help digest the cellular walls of unwanted wastes like toxins, undigested proteins, and other cellular debris.
Complex carbohydrates — like those found in grains, nuts, seeds, legumes, and vegetables — are just long chains of sugar molecules linked together. Amylase helps break these down into glucose that your body can use for fuel.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.463013
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Info / Education / Are Enzymes the Secret to Health?
There are approximately 1,300 enzymes in the human cell. Each enzyme only reacts with a specific type of substance, so it won’t cause chemical reactions where it shouldn’t. The flip side to that coin is, if you have an absence of or issue with an enzyme, nothing else can readily step in and perform its function.
Enzymes are pretty impressive in that they make some processes happen millions of times faster. An extraordinary example of this is OMP decarboxylase—in your body, a reaction that would take 78 million years, when you add this enzyme, takes 18 milliseconds! Crazy, right?
So enzymes are absolutely crucial to our health. Insufficient enzyme production is at the root of many health issues and chronic conditions. In fact, a number of inherited diseases are due to a lack of a particular enzyme.
Metabolic enzymes are produced in the body and are used to keep our tissues, blood, and organs healthy. They take the nutrients from the food we eat and use them to generate new cells, heal existing cells, expel toxins, and aid in energy production. They build nutrients into muscles, nerves, bones, blood, lungs, and various glands.
Metabolic enzymes are vital in operating your cardiac, circulatory, endocrine, hepatic, lymphatic, neurologic, renal, and reproductive systems, as well as sustaining your bones, joints, muscles, skin, and other tissues. Every single one of the 100 trillion cells in your body depend on these enzymes.
Enzyme production declines with age. Ah, the joys of aging—is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.27646
Retrieved Text: We’re familiar with this saying because our moms would always so graciously interject it whilst we gobbled down a sleeve of cookies and half a bag of chips. While it’s easy to shrug off, I challenge you to really ponder what this means. We’ve all pictured something similar to the below illustration, but think of this beyond just its idiomatic qualities.
If you eat an apple, your body continues to break down that apple into itty bitty pieces until it has stuff it can utilize. Those tiny apple particles become a part of your body, used for any number of things. You are now one-bajillionth apple (that’s not an actual statistic – don’t quote me). If you follow up your apple with some Cheetos, you become one-bajillionth artificial flavoring (again, do not take my word as science. I’m just illustrating a point here). What goes into your body eventually becomes part of your body, as it is with all living creatures.
Now if you picture the less-than stellar ingredient deck of Cheetos1, compare that even still to the ingredient deck of heat-extruded, commercial pet food. Not good. Our pets are slowly becoming equal parts corn, meat and bone meal, and artificial flavor packs.
Given this, it’s no wonder we see so many issues with the gastrointestinal system. Whether it takes the form of horrible gas, soft stool, a gurgley gut, or vomiting, many of our pets deal with digestive issues. Nourishment affects the entire body, especially the GI system, which includes all the organs shown below.
Scavenger Carnivores: meat-based eaters

########
Rank: 10
Score: 35.755325
Retrieved Text: Correct food digestion, absorption, and also application of nutrients is really important to nourish cells, cells, and also body organs. Some natural herbs that help improve food digestion are digestive system bitters. The bitter natural herbs have an extremely bitter preference. This bitterness promotes hunger and aids food digestion. This action can be achieved via the taste and a reflex action in the brain. If these herbs are given in capsules and also can not be tasted, their digestive homes do not enter into play.
Several of other natural herbs that aid digestion natural herbs are sialogogue which boost the flow of saliva. As digestion begins in the mouth, the importance of saliva in the digestion can not be overstressed. The saliva breaks down large carbohydrates right into smaller systems, which can after that be processed in other components of the system. Eating in a thrill can impede proper food digestion, as there will certainly be no time for saliva to blend thoroughly with the food.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 35.407627
Retrieved Text: Home/Basic Science/What Happens If You Swallow Gum?
That’s a very smart question. What really happens when we swallow a gum by mistake? Well, our parents always remind us to not forget to throw bubble gum right after chewing. Right? But what if we swallow it mistakenly? Gum passes through our body just like food does but it doesn’t get completely digested like food. The stomach can’t dissolve gum because of its chemical properties. Eventually you will poop it out but still, experts believe that gum shouldn’t be swallowed as it does not have any nutritional value or person who swallows gum a lot has to suffer too.
1 Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
2.1 What Happes In Your Body When You Swallow Gum?
2.2 Can You Swallow Gum?
Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
We’ve all heard the story that if you swallow you gum it will stay in your stomach for 7 years. Or you may have also been told that it will grow into a plant in your stomach. It may seem so irrational to you but you may have heard it. But is that true? Let’s find out.
When you normally eat food three processes in your body take place to convert that food into fuel that your body needs.
The first is chewing. Your teeth and tongue work together to break down the food you eat. The process breaks it down into smaller and smaller pieces to help it get digested better and easily.
Saliva then covers those pieces delivering enzymes present

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.329594
Retrieved Text: Most Advanced Dairy Digestion Formula. Many people have difficulty digesting meals containing dairy, resulting in discomforts like occasional gas and bloating. This may occur due to the body’s deficiency of enzymes that break down dairy. Lacto™ contains lactase and eight other enzymes that work synergistic-ally to digest dairy sugars, proteins and fats. Complete dairy digestion may naturally reduce discomforts which are common to lactose and casein intolerance.
Organic Linseed (also known as flaxseed) is an excellent source of fibre and omega 3 fatty acids. Can be easily sprinkled on cereals, baking or added in smoothies.
Most advanced enzyme formula, Digest Gold TM breaks down carbohydrates, fats, fibre and protein. For optimal digestion by helping the body absorb nutrients and convert food into energy. Contains Thera-blend enzymes have been shown to be three times stronger and work more than six times faster than leading digestive supplements.
Enzymatic deficiencies can lead to a variety of digestive discomforts, including occasional gas, bloating, irregularity and indigestion. Fortifying the digestive system with enzymes and probiotics may promote optimal digestion while maintaining the digestive system’s natural balance to support overall digestive health. Digest Gold™ +Probiotics contains an advanced enzyme formula that breaks down carbohydrates, fats, fibre and protein. Probiotics provide additional digestive support by boosting enzyme production and promoting regularity.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.166466
Retrieved Text: Improving your digestion is one of the most effective ways to improve health and boost energy. Making sure the nutrients you eat are well-absorbed is even more important than what you eat. Poor digestion is indicated by fatigue or lethargy after meals, bloating and gas (burping, flatulence), heartburn, acid indigestion, and acid reflux. Good digestion depends on a number of factors. Eating simple meals consisting of food combinations that do not overstep the body’s enzymatic limitations is one of the most important.
Avoid eating under stress or when in a hurry. The stomach has difficulty producing acid – required to digest food – when you feel anxious. Taking a few deep breaths before eating will help you relax. Salivating at the thought or sight of food is a good indication the digestive system is ready to receive food.
1. Chew your food carefully. Chewing each bite until it’s a paste reduces the amount of work the rest of your digestive system must perform. Chewing also helps you relax and enjoy the tastes, textures and aromas.
2. Eat slowly and stop when you’re satisfied – not full. Eating slowly allows enough time for the digestive system to communicate satiety to the brain. Overeating slows digestion and encourages bad habits.
3. Avoid distractions when eating. You cannot focus on your food if you are watching television, reading, or arguing while eating. Listening to quiet music, or enjoying pleasant conversation in a relaxed environment, is conducive to good digestion.
4. Limit the amount of fluids consumed with meals to approximately 4 oz. or less

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.073303
Retrieved Text: Digestion is the process by which your body breaks down the food, absorbs the components of the food, and then eliminates unusable or waste material material.
Any breakdown in this system can create problems for the body. Possible symptoms of poor digestion are bloating, constipation, diarrhea, cramping, weigh gain, heartburn (or acid reflux) and loss of appetite. Other symptoms less well known caused by poor digestion are arthritis, skin problems, and allergies.
How does poor digestion start?
Eating the wrong food for your body is usually the start of digestive symptoms. Many people develop digestive problems from eating foods that they have sensitivities to, as well as eating refined sugar and other processed foods. The chemicalization of our food is a big culprit.
Other potential causes for signs of poor digestion are a history of heavy antibiotic use, exposure to toxins, hormonal imbalance or infection with parasites or other microbes.
There’s several reasons why someone may experience poor digestion. If you are having symptoms, the next step is to find out what factor, or combination of factors may be causing your distress.
It is important to have a well-functioning digestive system so your body gets the nutrition it needs to thrive from the foods you eat. All nourishment and healing begins in the stomach.
How will The Nutritional Healing Center handle my digestion?
The types of foods you eat dramatically affect the functioning and symptoms of the digestive system. The NHCAA practitioners help you to figure out which foods are good for your body and which should be avoided. There are also many nutritional

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.823105
Retrieved Text: A natural product that promotes functioning of the digestive system. Pancreatin breaks down fat and carbohydrates, which eases digestion of ingested food, lessening discomfort after eating. Dandelion extract fosters secretion of bile and favourably affects functioning of the organs of the digestive tract. Product especially recommended if food has been ingested that is difficult to digest.
Adults and children above age 12, one capsule between two to three times daily during the heaviest meals.
Dandelion root extract is used as an appetite stimulant. It contains a bitter substance that promotes secretion of digestive juices. Dandelion root extract possesses antibacterial and immune system strengthening properties.
Pancreatin is an enzyme complex obtained from animal pancreas. Pancreatin contains proteases, these help to break down protein into peptides, lipase which catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats into glycerol and amylase which breaks down starch into dextrins and sugars. It is used in cases of pancreas dysfunction and also if very greasy food has been eaten.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 34.321655
Retrieved Text: The digestive system, or gastrointestinal track (GIT), is a specialized group of organs in the body that is responsible for turning food and fluids into sources of energy and nutrients to help the... An optimally functioning digestive system requires all of its parts to be healthy and working properly, and by doing everything possible to make this happen, you can assure you are getting the most from your food. In this article, I will break down digestion from start to finish and look at the variables that impact this process.
Choose healthy foods and foods that would help out with all the other systems in your body. You know, that's the purpose of the digestive system is to supply all the other sys … tems with the... Your digestive system is critical to managing your weight, maintaining healthy energy levels and even maintaining your overall health. When working correctly, the body absorbs essential nutrients to keep your body running properly through digestion.
When you have a healthy digestive system, what you consume is properly digested, and then the beneficial nutrients are immersed into the bloodstream via the small intestine. Nutrient absorption gets a boost when a healthy intestinal lining provides a large surface for absorption. how to keep fruit fresh in hot weather When your digestive system is not working properly, the rest of your body suffers. Digestive problems interfere with normal nutrient absorption. Every system of the body needs ample nutrients to function properly.
Some of the Conditions that can effect the Digestive System. Due to overcooked, highly

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.087166
Retrieved Text: The healing tradition of Ayurveda teaches that health and wellbeing depends upon our ability to digest everything we take in from the environment. The term 'Agni' is used to refer to one's “digestive fire” that breaks down the food and other things we ingest from the environment, assimilating what is useful, and eliminating the rest. When our digestive ability, or agni, is strong, we create healthy tissues, and eliminate waste products efficiently.
One of the most important aspects of our digestive fire, is our stomach acid, which is essential to good digestion. Without enough stomach acid our food is not properly broken down. If our food is not broken down properly, this can lead to food sensitivities and nutrient deficiencies. Factors leading to low stomach acid levels can include high coffee intake, stress, overconsumption of sugar and processed foods, and drinking ice cold water directly before or during meals (always drink warm or room temp. water throughout the day, away from meals!).
When you consume foods or liquids with a bitter taste, this stimulates the production of saliva, gastric juices and bile to prepare your body to digest foods. You can start your meals off with bitter greens such as dandelion, swiss chard, endive, or arugula for example, or you can find herbal bitters in liquid form at your local health food store, which will be derived from bitter plants. You simply apply a few drops of the bitter liquid to your tongue 15 minutes before a meal and you're set!
Drinking a glass of warm water mixed with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.00686
Retrieved Text: Symptoms Of Hiatal Hernia The human body consists of wood systems and organs which work together to keep both interior and exterior conditions of the body. The value of the preservation program of the human body is definitely quite high. Folks can easily get tired due to different fluctuations that can arise anytime due to any cause and the imbalances of the interior conditions.
Outer circumstances could greatly affect the internal conditions of the human body specially when other systems or the immune system function inefficiently within the human body. There are lots of elements causing these improvements and changes. Nevertheless, the human body tries its best to maintain the correct problem or perhaps the energetic harmony (that will be around 37 degrees Celsius).
The basic maintenance system works together arteries, cells, and structure fluids since they are key elements to modify alterations in the torso problem. By eliminating or incorporating the elements from structure fluids, cells, and bloodstream, the five principal body methods perform efficiently to reach dynamic balance.
The Five Main Systems: One of Many systems that are most important will be the lymphatic system. The device functions protecting blood cells from contracting a myriad of ailments. The the respiratory system includes the lungs. The lungs have the effect of the breathing approach which demands the intake of Oxygen and also the removal of Carbon Dioxide.
The digestive system includes the typical areas such as the abdomen gallbladder and also other equipment organs including: the esophagus, teeth the gland, and also mouth. The digestive tract contains the ability

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.71132
Retrieved Text: Xenical orlistat is a prescription weight loss pill designed to help people with obesity. Xenical is manufactured by Roche and has been approved for use within the UK since 1998. Unlike weight-loss pills that act in the brain or central nervous system to suppress appetite or to speed up metabolism, Xenical works in your digestive system to block about one-third of the fat in the food you eat from being digested.
When Xencial is used in addition to a diet consisting of no more than 30% calorie intake of fat it has been proved to reduce a patient's weight by up to 10% within a single year.
Xenical orlistat is a popular oral first line treatment for obesity due to is wide suitability, success rate and low side effects.
When you eat fat, your body breaks it down into its simplest components so that it can be digested.
Enzymes in your digestive system, called lipases, help digest (or break down) fat. When taken with meals, Xenical attaches to the lipases and blocks them from breaking down some of the fat you have eaten.
The undigested fat cannot be absorbed and is eliminated in your bowel movements. By working this way, Xenical helps block about one-third of the fat in the foods you eat from being absorbed by your body.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.54049
Retrieved Text: Who wants a challenge? Chewing-Challenge promotes appetite-control, digestion,& pleasure!
"Chew your drink and Drink your food"
What crazy person said such a statement... oh right that was Mahatma Gandhi!
So this month's challenge is going to be to be in honor of the master faster himself. Instead of fasting however we will participating in a much easier challenge.
Yea that sounds crazy until you start to think about it. When we drink smoothies, fruit juices, soups, we tend to just spoon or sip it in and swallow. The mental process here is that there is nothing to chew so why waste the effort. I'm here to tell you that going through the motion of chewing liquid will alert the body that digestion needs to happen. Saliva will begin to digest some of the liquid and it will prepare the rest of your digestive tract to do its magic.
This is not a recommendation to make your chicken breast over spinach dinner into a smoothie. It simply means chew the food in your mouth until it liquifies. The vast majority of people chew 2 or 3 times and then swallow. Chewing at least 30-40 times per bite (depending on the food) is recommended. Let's take a look at why chewing is one of the simplest and most important things you can do to help your health.
Saliva starts digesting your food. Saliva has an enzyme in it that begins breaking down starches like rice, potatoes, breads etc.
Chewing breaks down big chunks of food into much smaller pieces. This is important for a few

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.432575
Retrieved Text: Flatulence and indigestion are also indicative that the patient may have an enzyme insufficiency. These help you digest and absorb the protein in your diet more effectively, leading to better workout recovery and more strength gains in training. As you circulate, make sure to check on this. Information is shared for educational purposes only. Craik, in , 2013 Biological Aspects Trypsin is one of several digestive enzymes secreted into the intestine of animals.
The liver uses cholesterol to produce two main bile acids, called cholic acid and chenodeoxycholic acid. Ensure you have healthy bile flow. The latter hypothesis was proven wrong when Friedrich Wöhler 1800—1882 managed to synthesize urea from inorganic matter. Then digestion fluids are used to digest the prey to get at the needed and. This is the final step in fat digestion. He wanted to find out if fermentation was possible without the involvement of living cells, crushing yeast with a pestle and adding quartz and kieselguhr to the large mortar.
All enzymes are catalysts that enable molecules to be changed from one form into another. Read Next: From the sound of it, you might think leaky gut only affects the digestive system, but in reality it can affect more. You also know a few cool biohacks you can use with your digestive enzymes, and how to take them for workout recovery or for injuries. Besides being wet, there should be no change. Some people may have stomach irritation or other unpleasant gastrointestinal side effects with enzyme supplements. All digestive enzymes belong to this hydrolase

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.345947
Retrieved Text: Enzymes: How They Help Your Body Heal - WHAT THE FOOD?
Most people are somewhat familiar with the fact that enzymes can help with digestive issues, but enzymes can do so much more! Basically, enzymes are chemicals that our cells produce to speed up other chemical reactions. It's like if you need to go to the store to purchase groceries you could: 1. Get in your car, drive to the store, make your purchase and drive home. The whole process takes you, say, 30 minutes. Or, you could: 2. Walk to the store, make you purchase, and walk home. This time, it would take two hours. In this analogy, the car is like an enzyme. It doesn't necessarily change the chemical process, but it speeds it up to the point of being efficient.
Enzymes are also controlled by temperature; when you warm them, they work better. (Which is one reason the body increases body temperature when you catch a bug.) If you have an issue with regulating body temperature--as with hypothyroid, metabolic syndrome or low adrenal function--you will have a harder time utilizing your enzymes, which may cause body aches and fibromyalgia symptoms.
Digestive enzymes, when taken with a meal, work to digest or break down the food molecules in a timely manner so we can absorb the nutrients. They are conveniently named for what they breakdown with the letters "ase" at the end. So a protease breaks down proteins, a lipase breaks down lipids, and so on. When taken on an empty stomach (at least 30 minutes before

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.315
Retrieved Text: Digestive health is largely taken for granted by just about everybody. You may assume that what you put into your mouth is going to be digested. But digestion doesn’t just happen. It is a complicated process that is extremely important and should not be overlooked as a root cause for many health problems. When digestion does not occur the way it should, symptoms such as gas, bloating, diarrhea, constipation and pain may result. Eventually, more serious conditions such as Ulcerative Colitis and Irritable Bowel Syndrome may develop.
Digestion, or hydrolysis, is the process of breaking up food into simpler chemical compounds by means of hydrolyzing enzymes. In other words, digestion breaks up food into small units so the body can use the nutrients for energy, growth or repair, and relies 100% on the availability and action of enzymes.
Enzymes run the biochemical reactions in living things including humans, animals, and plants. This means that enzymes do the “work” in the body whereas vitamins and minerals, also known as coenzymes, are only building blocks.
Enzymes are very large and complex protein molecules and are very specific to what they will break down or digest. For example, lactase – the enzyme that breaks down lactose – will only work on lactose, not protein or fat. There are literally hundreds of different enzymes in the human body, each one assigned a unique task.
Enzymes are a natural part of vegetables, fruits, grains, and other raw food. they ripen, then slowly “digest” raw food in a process commonly known as decomposition. We are taught

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.20447
Retrieved Text: What Do Nonsoluble and Soluble Fiber Supplements Do For Your Body?
What are fiber supplements for and do you need soluble or non soluble?
Many adults have misunderstandings about fiber and how it works in the body. Most assume that it’s a substance that makes you regular in the bathroom, but it actually does much more for your body than just encourage healthy and regular bowel movements.
Here are some basics about this substance so you can determine if fiber supplements are right for you.
Fiber is an indigestible roughage that is found in plants only. Soluble fiber dissolves in water and slows down the absorption of food in the digestive system. Insoluble fiber does not dissolve in water and provides bulk or roughage in the digestive system; this type of fiber actually absorbs water as it moves along the intestinal tract.
This roughage changes how food is absorbed in the digestive system. By slowing down the absorption of food, soluble fiber allows the blood to carry more nutrients to the body’s cells. The food is broken down more slowly so the blood can absorb more nutrients before they move with food through the intestines.
Insoluble fiber absorbs water which is then bound to your stools; the more water they have, the softer they are and elimination then becomes much easier.
It is recommended that women get 25 grams of fiber a day and men get 30 to 38 grams a day. If you don’t get this much by eating plant-based foods, you may want to consider a supplement.
For those concerned about their

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.140858
Retrieved Text: Digestive Enzymes, Prebiotics and Probiotics, Oh My.
Home / Blog / Digestive Enzymes, Prebiotics and Probiotics, Oh My.
Travel, separation, and kenneling can be stressful on you and your pet and that stress often affects your pet’s digestive system. Having an upset stomach away from home can lead to a messy situation. But there is help.
A dog and cat’s digestive tract is shorter than a person’s. Food moves quickly through and is often not completely digested. There are many things that complicate digestion and the stress of summer is one of them. Here is where a complete digestive supplement will make for a healthier pet and help avoid a messy and uncomfortable situation. Complete digestive supplements provide the enzymes necessary to absorb the nutrients in the food and feed the good bacteria in the digestive tract, which gets rid of the toxin making organisms that can live in a dog or cat’s intestine.
We are going through a stressful time, such as travel, kenneling, separation.
I have made a food change.
My pet is on antibiotics.
Gas, diarrhea or constipation are problems.
My pet is over 6 years old.
I feed kibble or wet food.
If you answered yes to one or more of these, it is time to consider a digestive supplement. As a scientist and dog and cat mom, I look at just three important parameters.
The key enzymes include Protease to break down the protein in the diet, Amylase breaks down starch, Lipase breaks down fats, such as Omega-3s, and Cellulase breaks down plant fibers.
Clinically tested levels of PreBiotics.
PreBiotics are the food for

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.041714
Retrieved Text: Colitis The human body consists of organs and wood systems which come together to maintain both outer and central conditions of the human body. The significance of the maintenance system of the human body is definitely high. Persons can simply get sick as a result of fluctuations of the circumstances that are inner and various fluctuations that may happen anytime because of any cause.
Especially when the immunity system or different techniques work inefficiently inside the human body, outer situations can greatly affect the inner situations of the human body. There are numerous factors producing changes and these changes. Nevertheless, the human body tries its best to take care of the suitable condition or even the dynamic balance (which will be around 37 degrees Celsius).
The fundamental preservation program works together with blood vessels, cells, and tissue fluids as they are important factors to control improvements within the body condition. By eliminating or putting the elements from areas arteries, and tissue fluids, the five main body programs perform properly to reach equilibrium that is dynamic.
The Five Main Systems: One of Many most significant systems could be the system. The system works from getting all kinds of illnesses, by defending blood cells. The the respiratory system consists of the lungs. The lungs have the effect of the breathing process which involves the consumption of Oxygen along with the elimination of Carbon Dioxide.
The digestive tract contains the standard organs like the abdomen gallbladder and other accessory areas which include: teeth mouth, tongue, the gland. The digestive tract mainly welcomes the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.814278
Retrieved Text: Goiter The human body contains areas and wood systems-which come together to keep both internal and outside circumstances of the body. The human body’s maintenance system’s value is definitely very high. Individuals can certainly get tired due to differing variations that may happen anytime due to any cause and the imbalances of the internal circumstances.
External circumstances could greatly affect the inner ailments of the human body especially when different techniques or the immune system perform inefficiently within the human body. There are several elements causing changes and these changes. Nevertheless, the human body attempts its far better keep up with the right issue or even the dynamic stability (which can be around 37 degrees Celsius).
The fundamental preservation system works with cells blood vessels, and structure fluids because they are important factors to manage alterations within the body condition. By incorporating or eliminating the materials from areas, bloodstream, and structure fluids, the five primary body programs function efficiently to reach dynamic balance.
The Five Key Devices: One of Many systems that are most critical is the lymphatic system. The device works from acquiring all kinds of ailments by guarding blood cells. The respiratory system contains the lungs. The lungs are responsible for the breathing process which needs the consumption of Air along with Carbon Dioxide’s treatment.
The digestive system includes the standard areas such as liver , the intestines, gallbladder, the belly, and also other accessory areas including: the esophagus, teeth, language, the salivary gland, as well as mouth. The digestive tract contains the capacity to consume them into

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.7981
Retrieved Text: Human Skeleton Diagram Worksheet The human body consists of organ systems and organs which work together to keep up both inner and outer conditions of the body. The significance of the human bodyis maintenance process should indeed be very high. People can certainly get tired due to the imbalances of the problems that are inner and different changes that may arise anytime on account of any cause.
Specially when the immunity system or different methods work inefficiently within the human body, outer conditions could greatly affect the interior circumstances of the human body. There are several factors producing these changes and variations. Nevertheless, the human body tries its better to take care of the correct problem or the dynamic stability (that is around 37 degrees Celsius).
The essential preservation system works with areas, arteries, and tissue fluids since they are critical indicators to modify alterations in the torso problem. By adding or eliminating the chemicals from structure fluids, tissues, and blood vessels, the five main body programs function efficiently to attain dynamic equilibrium.
The Five Primary Techniques: Among The most significant systems is the lymphatic system. The machine works from getting all sorts of ailments by guarding blood cells. The breathing includes the lungs. The lungs are responsible for the breathing method which needs the consumption of Oxygen as well as the treatment of Co2.
The digestive system contains the typical areas such as the stomach gallbladder, liver, and also other item organs which include: teeth, mouth, language, the salivary gland, as well as the esophagus. The digestive system mostly

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.78382
Retrieved Text: The Circulatory system is a system that circles blood around the body and to give nutrients to the body cells,then after the blood goes around the body it will soon circle around back to the heart. Part's: Heart,blood, arteries, veins.
The Respiratory system is a system that breathe's in oxygen and carbine dioxide out. The Respiratory system is like a co worker with the circulatory system. Part's: Lung's, sinus, cavity, trachea, bronchial tubes, air sac's, and diaphrams.
The Digestive system is a system that breaks down the food so that the nutrients can go to each body cell and cells.Not only it does that it also works with the circulatory system so that the blood can circulate to each cell and give them nutrients. Parts:teeth tongue epegoges.

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "The body needs the digestive system to do what?" and the following answer choices: 
- Burn calories while exercising
 - survival
 - Fall asleep easily at night
 - Digesting food
 - get started
 - Absorb food without processing it
 - Converted sugar
 - Break down food

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and nUTRIENTS To function, the human body must have nutrients, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Break down food

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.162813
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestion is the cornerstone of health. Any health concern you are dealing with will be helped by strengthening your digestion.
I often hear people complain about gas, boating, constipation- but other symptoms that may seem are unrealted to digestion are also symptoms that the digestive system needs work such as hormone imbalances, any skin issue, and low energy.
Even if you are eating organic, whole food- you may not be actually absorbing and utilizing all of the incredible nutrition it has to offer if you if our digestion is not working as it should.
Learn more about how to eat for optimal health and digestion here.
The state we are eating in is what determines HOW our body uses the food we are eating. You could be eating the healthiest food in the world, but if you are angry, sad, rushed etc., your body will assimilate that in a toxic way- which slows metabolism and stores fat.
Set aside time for each meal- and allow your attention to be just on that- your meal. Your body needs to be focused on food and in relaxation response to begin the digestive process.
Take 5 deep breathes before each meal. This puts your body into relaxation response and allows for digestion to begin.
Really focus on the tastes and sensations of the food. Chew until liquid. When we do not chew our food well, our digestive system has to work so hard at breaking down the large pieces- leading to constipation, bloated, and low energy.
Go for a short walk after each meal to help

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.576525
Retrieved Text: DIGESTIVE HEALTH When our body is working in order, we rarely give the digestive system a second thought. Still, it often needs a bit of care to keep doing what it does best: fuel our body, day in and day out. Here are a few tips to keep your digestive system in top shape!
What you eat, your lifestyle, medication or medical conditions can all disturb your digestion at times. If you suspect one of these factors is at play, talk to your pharmacist to sort this all out.
Most Canadians don’t eat enough fibre. Discover why dietary fibres are important for digestive health and learn how to easily integrate them to your diet.
My Day-to-Day Digestive Health Even the smallest of change can make or break the delicate balance of your system. Learn how to prevent digestive troubles and deal with their aftermath.
Learn more about the different options for over-the-counter laxatives and how they’re used to relieve constipation.
It’s easy to confuse Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Inflammatory Bowel Disease. Read on to learn more about their similarities and differences.
Learn about dehydration symptoms and rehydration solutions to help you recover from fluid loss.
Food for Thought By an elaborate process, your digestive system turns meals into body fuel. Discover what helps… and what doesn’t.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.466555
Retrieved Text: Does Isagenix work? To answer that question we must first understand how the digestive system works, because that's where many health problems begin. Improper digestion creates a host of health issues that range from irritable bowel syndrome to colon cancer.
People today are more sedentary than they used to be, and as a result are putting on more weight. Lack of physical activity coupled with poor diet is contributing to an astonishing level of obesity in the United States. Almost 60% of Americans are overweight or obese.
Being overweight has a much bigger impact on the body than many realize. Dietary choices affect weight, the digestive system, propensity to develop chronic disease, and energy levels. Too much fat in your system prevents your body from processing nutrients properly, resulting in a host of problems ranging from malabsorption to skin conditions.
So when you ask, "Does Isagenix work?" you're actually asking if it's beneficial for weight loss and digestive system cleansing. It's in the colon many of the problems begin, and Isagenix works to bring those problems to an end. Too much dietary fat, lack of essential vitamins and minerals, and environmental toxins meet in the colon and the result can be a host of uncomfortable and even painful problems.
When you do not digest food properly it means the body is not absorbing the nutrients it needs for good health. The intestines are lined with villi which are little tubes used to pull the necessary food byproducts into the system. From there, the nutrients are used by the organs, muscles,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.229116
Retrieved Text: Your digestive system is where it all begins. You won't produce energy, have a balanced mood, or fight illness if you can’t digest, break down, and absorb nutrients. There are many simple things you can do to keep your digestive system healthy, many of which are completely free. Whether it’s exercise, stress reduction, or even enzyme or probiotic supplementation, all can provide enormous benefit to digestive processes.
Digestion begins in the mouth when you begin to chew. In fact, just the act of chewing thoroughly can take a huge strain off your digestive system by prompting your body to provide enzymes to help digestion. Here are a few other things you can do to promote healthy digestion.
Bananas contain approximately 15-20 percent of your daily fiber needs. Bananas also contain fructooligosaccharide, which is a natural compound that encourages growth of beneficial bacteria. This bacteria – termed “probiotics” – is responsible for a myriad of activities in your body, including facilitating the appropriate digestion and elimination of food.  This goes to show that diet, particularly a natural plant-based diet, is incredibly powerful for keeping your digestive system in check.
There are also herbs that can benefit your digestive tract. Two common varieties include organic cilantro and organic dandelion leaf. Cilantro oil is an enzymatic stimulant. It also helps our intestines secrete digestive acids and juices, and it adds fiber to the digestive process. Some people use cilantro to relieve stomach gas and flatulence. Organic dandelion leaf helps detoxify the digestive tract and help stimulate it when it becomes sluggish.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.99848
Retrieved Text: The digestive system, or gastrointestinal track (GIT), is a specialized group of organs in the body that is responsible for turning food and fluids into sources of energy and nutrients to help the... An optimally functioning digestive system requires all of its parts to be healthy and working properly, and by doing everything possible to make this happen, you can assure you are getting the most from your food. In this article, I will break down digestion from start to finish and look at the variables that impact this process.
Choose healthy foods and foods that would help out with all the other systems in your body. You know, that's the purpose of the digestive system is to supply all the other sys … tems with the... Your digestive system is critical to managing your weight, maintaining healthy energy levels and even maintaining your overall health. When working correctly, the body absorbs essential nutrients to keep your body running properly through digestion.
When you have a healthy digestive system, what you consume is properly digested, and then the beneficial nutrients are immersed into the bloodstream via the small intestine. Nutrient absorption gets a boost when a healthy intestinal lining provides a large surface for absorption. how to keep fruit fresh in hot weather When your digestive system is not working properly, the rest of your body suffers. Digestive problems interfere with normal nutrient absorption. Every system of the body needs ample nutrients to function properly.
Some of the Conditions that can effect the Digestive System. Due to overcooked, highly

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.87933
Retrieved Text: What if I told you that a class of supplements exist that can help you build muscle, feel & perform better and fight bloating? You’d consider using them right? Well that’s why I formulated The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes.
As we eat food, our body begins to digest and break down what we ate so that it can extract the nutrients from the meal. The chicken breast you ate contains amino acids that your body needs to break down and the olive oil on your salad contains fatty acids that your body needs to absorb to form cholesterol. As we chew we naturally produce more saliva which is actually the first step in the digestive process.
Once we swallow, our body produces digestive enzymes from our pancreas and small intestine who’s job it is to break down the food so our bodies can absorb the nutrients.
Now the obvious question is why we need to supplement with digestive enzymes to begin, right?
Well a variety of common issues today can result in decreased enzyme function.
*Decreased stomach acid due to stress, poor diet habits or an overall unhealthy environment. Luckily The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes include betaine HCL to rebuild your stomach acid.
*Aging generally causes lowered digestive ability.
*Overtraining/stress. Any activity such as training or living a stressful lifestyle can impair digestive health by keeping your sympathetic nervous system turned “on” and causing your “parasympathetic” relaxation system to stay “off”.
Since we normally see more parasympathetic activity during digestion, it’s an issue when we can’t turn our parasympathetic system on as we are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.849405
Retrieved Text: My wife is worried about my "health"
Being healthy is what all of us want. Well, there is no magic wand that can turn you into a slim, fit and a healthy person. However, the magic lies in belief. If you believe you can do it, there are numerous ways and methods that can help you achieve what you want.
The first step is to know what is in stock and then choosing what suits you.
Everything needs a start. And as far as health is considered, the start is immediate, the top most priority. You need to start now. Right now.
As you read this article, stretch your legs and push your toes down and up and stretch hard. Do it a few times, and then relax for a min. Push your shoulders up, trying to reach your ears… stretch, stretch stretch and then relax. This is so simple, but once you do this a few times, you feel better.
Now imagine if you do your real workouts. Workouts can be done from anywhere, there are workplace workouts which you can follow meticulously. These are very useful to keep you a little brisk and active.
There are more such exercises to keep you fit and have your diet under control. By reading through all these articles, you can be aware all the possible ways, you can exercise and help your body to be active and healthy.
Being aware of the type of food we consume, their impacts, nutritional value, fat content, etc., will help us choose the right food and right combination.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.710938
Retrieved Text: Many of us eat the foods that are good to our taste buds, but they are often bad for our general health, as well as digestive tract. We usually don’t even think about what certain foods can do to our digestive health, but when they cause damage we need to do some damage repair. Many people have gotten used to digestive discomfort just like they’ve gotten used to working too much and not sleeping enough. But bloating, constipation, gas, stomach pain don’t have to be a part of your everyday life. By making some small changes, you can significantly improve your digestive health, so why wouldn’t you? Read on to see how you can do that.
If you’re health conscious, you are aware of all the health benefits water provides, and you also know what lack of water can do to your health. Well, when it comes to your digestive system, water plays an extremely important role as well. If you’re not drinking enough water, your digestive system can’t function properly and the digestion slows down. Also, lack of water will almost certainly cause constipation, because the feces won’t be able to pass.
In order to improve your digestive health, increase the amount of water you’re drinking, especially if you’re physically active or it is hot outside. When you’re sweating, your body gets rid of more water than you take in (if you’re not drinking an appropriate amount of water), which can cause dehydration and hence digestive problems. Needs for water vary from person to person, but you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.394854
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / What is Homeopathy?
Homeopathy is a system of medicine, which individualizes treatment for various health needs.
Homeopathy uses’ micro-doses of natural substances, to help stimulate and strengthen the natural ability of the body’s various complex healing mechanisms (for example, the immune, endocrine, and digestive systems). By stimulating the body’s healing mechanisms; homeopathy can help balance the body and restore health, by address the underlying cause of health problems.
Treat the patient as an individual and not merely on the name of their disease.
Homeopathic medicines stimulate the body’s immune, endocrine and digestive system, to treat illness and prevent disease.
Homeopathic medications do not cause any side effects, making homeopathy the safest complementary and alternative medicine. Homeopathic treatments do not interfere with prescription medications and may be used with prescription medications.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.35605
Retrieved Text: It is extremely important to have a healthy digestive system. You will be able to enjoy the things you do if you have a healthy lifestyle. You will have less stress if you have a healthier body. It is crucial for your body to digest, breakdown foods and converts them to energy. The food you eat is broken down into nutrients that your body needs by the process known as digestion. You could run into problems in absorbing nutrients and digesting food if you neglect your digestion system.
We can experience discomfort due to digestion problems. Digestion discomfort has become a major issue. We complain of blotting, occasional gas, and irregularity is the everyday ailments they are unavoidable. Learn these tips below which will help you to overcome the digestion problem. Making a healthy lifestyle food choice is the first step to good digestive health.
Eating a high-fiber diet will help keep food moving through your digestion tract. The common digestive issues such as IBS helps lose weight naturally, lowers cholesterol and constipation can be prevented if you consume this food.
Drinking plenty amount of water is necessary to prevent dehydration and cleanse your body. Water helps things move efficiently, dissolves fiber and fats in your body system. Implementing a ten-day water diet is a natural way to remove toxins that may be in your body system, dispose of accumulation of waste and promote a healthier digestive system.
This is healthy bacteria that are found in your digestive tract. Adding more to your diet through supplements and food will help

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.327307
Retrieved Text: There are a lot of digestive health supplements on the market today, and it can be overwhelming to try and dig through the shelves of bile tablets, flax seed liquid, and probiotic yogurts. To understand how to choose a digestive supplement, it helps to know a little bit about digestion. The purpose of digestion is to provide the body with those things it can’t manufacture on its own, like certain vitamins, proteins, and all minerals. A properly functioning digestive system has appropriate enzyme levels, low levels of bad bacteria, and a good population of healthy gut flora.
Intact Digest with Nutri-Mastic is highly ionic and highly photonic which translates into greater absorption of essential minerals. A good digestive supplement will not only support your digestive flora but also provide the minerals your body needs to function and digest food properly. Unfortunately, many people do not get all of the necessary vitamins and minerals in their everyday diet, which is why taking a digestive health supplement is so important.
Mastic gum is a classic digestive health supplement that has been used throughout the Mediterranean for centuries to promote good digestion, relieve bloating and constipation, and even freshen breath. In ancient Egypt, it was used as a strong remedy for many digestive disorders. Roman soldiers would take it into battle and rub it into wounds to fend of infections. Columbus even sailed to the new world in search of it. It is the backbone of many digestive health supplements, and with good reason — not only does mastic gum promote

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.71218
Retrieved Text: We provides all raw, fresh and cold pressed juices, extracted from fresh fruit and veggies to give you a more “readily excretable substance.” By consuming multiple juices per day and water, your body is able to flush toxins through and out of your blood and digestive system, therefore CLEANSING or DETOXING the body! We all need a reset. A jumpstart. To be rehydrated. If you’re looking to give your body the ultimate cleanse, then you’re in the right spot. Choose the amount of days you would like to do and we’ll do the rest. Each detox comes with six juices per day and two detox waters per day and a mini detox e-manual to help you through the process.
One day is enough to give your body a break from the digestive process, influence a change in your taste palate and get you started on your healthy journey. Includes one Mean Green, one The Dee, one Sweet Heat, one Juicy Fruit, one Cashew Around, one Twisted Carrot and two infused waters.
Three days is proven to restart your entire immune system by properly hydrating your cells and allowing your digestive system to completely rebuild itself with the nutrients it needs to sustain. Some weight loss can also occur during this process. Includes three Mean Green, three The Dee, three Sweet Heat, three Juicy Fruit, three Cashew Around, three Twisted Carrot and six infused waters.
Five or more days of detoxing gives you a better and more effective cleanse. Destroy and rebuild. The more rest your digestive system is able

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.554125
Retrieved Text: Ice cold water may be great and refreshing, but it is definitely bad for you. So, next time you eat out, hold the urge to order a glass of cold water. In this article we give you a thorough explanation regarding this common habit.
Here is a nice example. Imagine yourself diving into a defrosted mountain lake. What happens to your body and skin. How does it feel?
Even though temperatures indicate that spring is coming, but the water will sure be freezing.
Warm water opens pores and your skin becomes loose and soft. Cold water has the opposite effect. It seals your pores and your skin shrinks. This is exactly what cold water does to your digestive tract.
-- Ice cold water chills your digestive tract and constricts the blood vessels in it. Your digestive system ends up all restricted and dehydrated.
-- Human body needs more energy to regulate its inner temperature, so make sure if you really need that glass of iced water. In this way your digestive tract lacks energy and fails to digest food and extract nutrients properly, not to mention the excessive water loss.
-- If you drink a glass of cold water after your meals, your body will start producing excess mucus. Your immune system fails to carry its regular function, so you are likely to catch a cold or develop any severe health condition.
-- Combine cold water or soda with your meals will increase your body weight. Wonder why? Your body cannot process excess fats, and they end up in your tissues and organs.
--

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.549868
Retrieved Text: The festive season is upon us, but it is especially at this time that I'd like to bring awareness to the gut, so year on year, we will have less fluctuations in our habits, and are actually kinder to our gut and bodies.
The optimal functioning of the body’s digestive system is known as digestive health, which helps in keeping the body in overall good health. Everything in the body, from hormones to heart, needs the nutrients from the digestive process to work in a proper way.
Digestive system is a group of organs working together in converting the consumed food into the energy and nutrients our body needs. Nutrition provides the energy required for growth and repair. It is believed that all the diseases begin from digestive tract. So, the food we consume for energy and nutrients have a great impact on our digestive as well as overall health.
As the gut health is critical to general health, so unhealthy gut contributes to a wide range of illnesses including diabetes, obesity, rheumatoid arthritis, autism spectrum disorder, depression and chronic fatigue syndrome. The primary factor contributing to unhealthy gut is disturbed gut flora’s which plays an important role in human health and disease. Factors contributing to poor digestive health includes diet, food intolerances, lifestyle, hormones, sleep and medications. Antibiotics are particularly harmful to the gut flora.
Several ways could be followed to improve digestive health, most of these ways are simple enough to be easily incorporated in daily lifestyle. So, a few simple modifications to daily routine can make a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.470398
Retrieved Text: Want a faster metabolism? You need to ensure your digestive system gets the right nutrients.
Digestion and metabolism are not one and the same, but they certainly need to work together for optimal workout benefits. Digestion involves the breaking down of food and distributing nutrients throughout the body while at the same time getting rid of the any waste.
For your metabolism to work properly, the digestive system needs to be feeding it the right nutrients for exercise. Likewise, if your metabolism isn’t so great, the digestive system ends up storing excess calories as fat, so both need to be working in tandem for your body to completely benefit. After only 10 minutes of exercise, your bloodstream contains more metabolites than when you started, and consistent exercise stimulates long-term changes in metabolism.
Melbourne-based PT and elite athlete Sheena-Lauren Steinert recommends watching what you eat pre-workout.
“My number-one rule before working out is to have something in your belly.
While some science says carbs pre-workout increase workout intensity and duration, offsetting any fat burn impediment, Steinert advises clients to skip them pre-workout. Small meals high in protein and low in carbs encourage the body to use its own fat stores for fuel, she says.
Along with diet, workouts that strengthen abdominal muscles support optimal digestive organ function. Try a yoga exercise, surya namaskar, to increase heart rate and strengthen your core.
Do a set of 12 Surya Namaskar poses early to mid-morning. Poses such as Hastauttanasana (raised arms pose), Hasta Padasana (hand to foot pose) and Bhujangasana (cobra pose) benefit the stomach muscles and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.452074
Retrieved Text: "Eating an extra large meal (think about all those meals you chow down on during the holidays) can result is a distended stomach, gas, intestinal problems and discomfort. In order for your body to break down all the food you ingest efficiently and effectively, your body needs an ample supply of digestive enzymes. Some of your body’s organs, including the pancreas, stomach and salivary glands, do make some of these enzymes, however as we age, our digestive system becomes less efficient, thus we produce less of these very important enzymes." Read on..

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.350784
Retrieved Text: One only needs to scan the shelves of your local drug store and see all the products dedicated to digestive issues to realize how prevalent digestive problems are in this society; problems like heartburn, acid reflux, constipation, diarrhea to name a few.
Sadly, our typical diet contributes to many of these issues. The high amount of processed foods we eat does not contain the fiber we need to enable our intestines to effectively eliminate waste. Over-cooked and over-processed food is lacking in digestive enzymes. When we don’t get any digestive enzymes from food our body has to provide them all itself which causes weakness in an already overburdened system. Enzymes lacking in number and efficiency lead to bloating and gas and inflamed intestines. Serious diseases like Crone’s, diverticulitis, and ulcerative colitis can result. Additionally, the high amount of stress that most Americans experience these days contributes to the severity and prevalence of digestive complaints.
Chinese Medicine sees these issues in terms of an imbalance of energies. Constipation is often an indication that liver energy is not moving properly. Diarrhea will sometimes mean that the spleen or kidney energy systems are weak; and alternating constipation and diarrhea indicates a disharmony between the liver and spleen. Acid reflux means the stomach energy is going up instead of down.
Acupuncture will restore balance in the body by strengthening systems that are weak and regulating areas that are not moving correctly. Chinese herbal formulas are a safe alternative to medications that could cause dangerous or uncomfortable side effects. Herbal medicine also does a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.347618
Retrieved Text: Look at animations, games and videos all about your body.
Watch movies on how the body works. Drag and drop body parts, bones and test your nerves.
Fun experiments on the human body.
Experiments to try on sight, sound, smell, taste and touch.
Select a body part to watch movies, read articles, solve word finds and do activities.
A page of great links to resources on the major human body systems. Thankyou Colleen from Chicago for this great website.
Read the article and find out why the heart is important.
Find out how the respiratory system works to turn oxygen into fuel for the body.
Article and audio on lungs.
Is it possible for kids to have superhero or professional athlete muscles? Read the article to find out.
Activity: Label the parts of the muscles in the human body.
Watch a movie to learn exactly how the digestive system works.
Read the article to find out what happens to your food once you have swallowed it.
Try to keep Ben healthy by providing him with what he needs.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.321632
Retrieved Text: Digestion is the process by which your body breaks down the food, absorbs the components of the food, and then eliminates unusable or waste material material.
Any breakdown in this system can create problems for the body. Possible symptoms of poor digestion are bloating, constipation, diarrhea, cramping, weigh gain, heartburn (or acid reflux) and loss of appetite. Other symptoms less well known caused by poor digestion are arthritis, skin problems, and allergies.
How does poor digestion start?
Eating the wrong food for your body is usually the start of digestive symptoms. Many people develop digestive problems from eating foods that they have sensitivities to, as well as eating refined sugar and other processed foods. The chemicalization of our food is a big culprit.
Other potential causes for signs of poor digestion are a history of heavy antibiotic use, exposure to toxins, hormonal imbalance or infection with parasites or other microbes.
There’s several reasons why someone may experience poor digestion. If you are having symptoms, the next step is to find out what factor, or combination of factors may be causing your distress.
It is important to have a well-functioning digestive system so your body gets the nutrition it needs to thrive from the foods you eat. All nourishment and healing begins in the stomach.
How will The Nutritional Healing Center handle my digestion?
The types of foods you eat dramatically affect the functioning and symptoms of the digestive system. The NHCAA practitioners help you to figure out which foods are good for your body and which should be avoided. There are also many nutritional

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.31638
Retrieved Text: ✅ - ULTRA POTENCY - We Have The Best 5 Star Top Rated, Ultra High Potency Probiotic Blend Ever Made Giving You A MASSIVE 40 Billion CFU, Giving You The Maximum Safe Dosage When You Need it Most!
✅ - PROBIOTICS FOR WEIGHT LOSS - Our Probiotics Will Not Only Strengthen Immune System, But Will Also Help With Natural Weight Loss! Studies Done Have Shown That If We Increase Our Digestive Function, Our Metabolism Will increase And We Will Experience Natural Healthy Weight Loss!
✅ - PUREST PROBIOTIC COMPLEX - Our Pure Dr Rated Formula Means That Your Body Absorbs Much More Of Our Supplements Than Any Other! NON-GMO 100% Natural Organic Acidophilus Probiotic Supplement Is What Your Body Needs. It Will Strengthen Your Immune System To Increase Your Digestive Health Giving You Relief From Gas, Constipation And Allergies.
✅ -100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE - Amazing Top Rated 5 Star Results Means That You Can Buy The Product With Confidence As Well As The Fact That We Are A Big And Established Brand In The USA And Europe. Best Pharmaceutical Grade Dr Recommended Probiotic Supplement EVER! All Our Products Are 3rd Party Tested To Verify The Purity Of Each Pill, Only The Best Will Do!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.312382
Retrieved Text: Physicians often refer to the gut as the second brain, because it plays such a central role in body and brain function. The digestive system both nourishes our body and eliminates waste and toxins. If our digestive system in not functioning properly, then a host of health problems follow.
People with poor digestive function often suffer from constipation, diarrhea, allergies, rashes, headaches and food sensitivities. Poor digestive function also impairs the body’s ability to absorb nutrients it needs to function properly, and the ability to eliminate waste, which leads to a buildup of toxins in the blood.
At Vitallife, we believe that to feel well you need a well functioning digestive system to get the nutrients you need and eliminate the toxins you don’t. We take a holistic approach to improving digestive function by analyzing genetics, blood chemistry diet, and lifestyle habits. Poor digestive function is not just one thing; it is the result of a systemic imbalance.
Vitallife doctors specialize in helping people who have poor digestive function and need help getting to the root of the problem.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.288593
Retrieved Text: You really are what you eat, and your digestive system is proof of that. Everything you put into your mouth passes through your organs and over the space of your life you will have toxins and waste that will build up in your digestive system. The results can cause uncomfortable health issues, such as low energy, constipation, irregular bowel movements and constipation.
One of the most important organs in your body is your colon. Why? Because this organ, also known as your large intestine, works hard at removing the water, salt and nutrients from your food. This helps your body to function properly and receive the elements it needs from the food you eat.
Sometimes our colon can become blocked for may different reasons. You can eat the most healthiest of diets and still have colon problems such as lazy bowel. This can be the consequences of toxic matter that has built up within the large intestine, stopping it from working properly. When this happens, it is important to cleanse out your system naturally, so you feel better and get your body back to functioning the way it should be. These signs mean you are in need of a natural fibre colon cleanse and colon detox.
Suffering with stomach problems is painful. It can affect daily life and make simple outings difficult. Digestive syndromes are given labels such as irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and irritable bowel disorders (IBD), This is all well and good but it’s only a label; how do you treat it? If you are struggling to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.244211
Retrieved Text: Why is Liposomal Glutathione a Game Changer in Supplementation?
The body’s immune system must be able to offer protection from numerous contaminants at all times. The body is constantly being bombarded with toxins from inside the body in the form of free radicals to environmental hazards that we come in contact with through the air we breathe, the foods we eat, and the objects we touch. No matter what we do, we are constantly being exposed to things that are working to break down the tissues of our bodies. That is where liposomal glutathione begins to play a role.
Glutathione is one of the most potent antioxidants on the planet. Known as one of the most powerful detoxifying agents in the nutritional world, its gradual loss as a person ages can spell disaster. The more a person loses, the more susceptible they become to illnesses that are the result of contaminants that weaken the immune system and begin to wreak havoc on the body. Increasing the amount of glutathione the body has on hand through supplementation, allows the immune system to map out a plan of attack that puts the body back on the road to good health.
The main problem with glutathione is that it is easily damaged as it passes through the digestive tract. The most effective way to receive glutathione is through an IV infusion. For many, this type of treatment is not an option due to the cost and inconvenience. Liposomal glutathione offers a solution. Liposomal glutathione is able to pass through the digestive tract

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.09623
Retrieved Text: How Can We Take Good Care Of Our Digestive System?
4) brush our teeth regularly as teeth play a very important role in our digestive system.
5) must not unnecessary medicines which disturbs the digesting cycle.
1)eat slow, it is helpful for the digestion process.
2)very hot or cold food can slow down digestion.
4) DON'T OVEREAT!: Exercise temperance and moderation even when eating healthful foods. Don't let you appetite guide you. Overloading the stomach disturbs its smooth function. Overeating can also cause you to gain weight. Remember: Eat to live, not live to eat.
Eat healthy and don't smoke!
How Do We Take Care Of Our Skin?
How Do We Take Good Care Of Our Skeletal System?
10 Ways How To Take Care Of Our Sense Organ?
How To Take Care Of Our Five Senses?
How To Take Care Our Circulatory System?
How Do We Take Good Care Of Our Reproductive Organs?
10 Ways How To Take Care Of Reproductive System?
What Happens To Water In The Digestive System?
What Body Parts Connect The Digestive System To The Circulatory System?
How Long Till Kittens Can Eat Solid Food?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.017502
Retrieved Text: If you do not digest your foods properly (espe­cially meats and proteins), beginning in the stom­ach, you will suffer from gas, bloating, fullness af­ter meals, and even allergic reactions such as hives and allergies. This is all too common. And it has to do with a series of bad habits, and a slow loss of natural digestive acids and enzymes.
The bad habits are easy to fix. You simply need to chew your food thoroughly and eat whole foods that your body can digest naturally. Processed foods are not something that your body recognizes as food that can be properly digested. In other words, for some of these processed-food concoc­tions, a human digestive enzyme does not exist. It would be as if you ate plastic or wood.
Finally, if you are like some people (especially those with impaired digestion), you may need to combine foods for easier digestion. Basically that means eating proteins with complex carbohydrates (meat with vegetables). Do not combine starches (potatoes, etc.) with meat. Only eat fruit by itself. Some folks even advocate eating only fruit before noon. The most radical form of food combining is eating one food per meal. Most people do not have to go this far. But for hundreds of people that I know about personally, food combining has brought digestive relief.
If you suffer from indigestion, gas, and bloat­ing, you should not take antacids. Antacids cover up the symptoms and make the problem worse. Food will generally not leave your stomach until fully acted upon by digestive enzymes. So, with­out adequate

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.969263
Retrieved Text: Digestion doesn’t just take place in your stomach. The pancreas produces a large portion of your digestive enzymes, as do the small intestine, stomach lining, liver, and salivary glands1 (digestion begins in the mouth). But these enzymes do not digest food - they digest nutrients.
You can eat all the healthy food in the world, but if you can’t absorb it, not even the healthiest of diets will do any good. However, our bodies can only digest what it’s given. High-fiber foods such as fruits and vegetables contain enzymes of their own that work with digestive enzymes to break down foods faster and allow your body to access nutrients quickly for cell reparation and growth.4 This is another good reason for eating plenty of fruits and vegetables.
Maintaining a healthy diet and sometimes taking digestive enzyme supplements can be helpful for dealing with digestive symptoms.
Schedule a Discovery Call here to discuss your digestive problems.
1 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health- information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
2 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health- information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
3 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
4 Tweed V. Top 10 Digestive Enzymes. Better Nutrition. http://www.betternutrition.com/enzyematichealth/. Published December 6, 2016. Accessed May 17, 2017.
6 Tweed V. Top 10 Digestive Enzymes. Better Nutrition. http://www.betternutrition.com/enzyematichealth/. Published

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.912348
Retrieved Text: Vital Reds - Get Better Digestive System & Maintain Overall Health!
Vital Reds Reviews: Are you the one who is having digestive problems and this is affecting your overall health? Well, there are many people who have digestive problems but those people do not have the right solution to it. The digestive problems can be really harmful for the overall health of a person. So, it is better that one should get the best solution of it in a short period of time. There are many supplements and product available in the market but the best one is difficult to choose. Every aspect of the supplement should be made clear to the people and the customers should know what they are exactly looking in the supplement.
To find the right digestion related supplement for yourself one should get in touch with the Vital Reds. There are many supplement but nothing is better than this-supplement in the market. The supplement is known to be helpful in providing relief to the digestive system of the body and also helps maintaining the overall health of the person. The supplement is very famous for its 34 poly phenol rich super fruits. The supplement is known to be having elements where one will be able to shred some of their fat from the body and the product is rich in probiotics as well. The people who have used the product or are currently using it have reviewed the product to be very helpful and eradicating the problems of digestion. They have completely loved

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.888962
Retrieved Text: Imodium have a range of products to help stop diarrhoea and symptoms associated with diarrhoea, such as cramps and bloating. You digestive system has a natural rhythm and constantly working to provide your body with nutrients it needs. When your system becomes unbalanced you digestive system can become irritated and start to speed up, which results in diarrhoea. The Imodium range of products help to get back into normal rhythm. When your digestive system is working normally, food and fluid pass regularly from your stomach into the small intestine then it is broken down and nutrients are absorbed into the body, along with most of the fluid. The remaining waste is passed into the colon and passed in the form of stools. When cells in your small intestine or colon become irritated, they become overactive and essential salts and fluids pass through quickly without being absorbed, which results in watery stools, known as diarrhoea.
Imodium have a range of tablets, melts, capsules and caplets available to help bring your body back to it's normal rhythm. Allowing your body to absorb vital salts and water into the body. Imodium products contain Loperamide, which gently calms the digestive system, which means more fluids are absorbed and less fluids reaching the intestines which leads to normal stool consistency. Manor Pharmacy have a range of Imodium products, all at discount prices and with free delivery.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.85822
Retrieved Text: What Do Probiotics Do to Help ME?
What do probiotics do? The benefits of probiotics include, but are not limited to, digestion. Probiotics are also natural antibiotics.
What Do Probiotics Do For My Overall Health?
Probiotics are helpful bacteria. They help the body to do what it's suppose to do and help do it better. Probiotics enhance the absorption of many vitamins and minerals including calcium, copper, iron, magnesium and phosphorus.
What Do Probiotics Do For My Digestive System?
Whether you have excellent digestive health or if you are suffering from some sort of digestive problems, probiotics are beneficial. Probiotics have earned their initial fame in the digestive realm, partially because the digestive tract is where they naturally reside, so it doesn't come as a surprise that adding more of these beneficial bacteria are very helpful.
Although it may not seem obvious at first, many chronic problems can be traced back to the digestive system. To enjoy optimal wellness, pay special attention to the health of your digestive system.
Specifically, probiotics have been shown to help Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), Crohn’s Disease and other chronic, inflammatory intestinal disease and diarrhea in children.
What Do Probiotics Do for My Immune System?
There is both good and bad bacteria in our body at all times. Obviously, you want to have more good than bad bacteria. In order to enhance the activity of the immune system, probiotics naturally fights diseases by effectively crowding out and killing disease-causing bacteria and thus giving the immune system a boost to keep us healthy. Here is one such example.
A study recently published

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.850101
Retrieved Text: Download "Notes - Platyhelminthes and Nematodes"
AFTER mechanical digestion, the pieces of food are still to be used by broken down. the cells. They MUST be EVEN MORE!!!!!!
Chapter 22 The Digestive System Yoon Seo Orite, Jack Kohm, And Jackson Masuda Main Idea The digestive system breaks down ingested food and provides necessary nutrients to the body through various processes.
Flatworms, Nematodes, and Arthropods Bởi: OpenStaxCollege The animal phyla of this and subsequent modules are triploblastic and have an embryonic mesoderm sandwiched between the ectoderm and endoderm.
GRADE 2 Human Body Revised 6/16 2.1 The student will identify the major body systems, healthy food and beverage choices, emotions, and social skills, and explain how each is connected to personal health.
Day 1 Essential Questions: ~What are the different body systems? ~What are the parts of the systems? ~How is this system connected to other body systems? ~How do you keep this system working properly?
HETEROTROPHS cannot make their own food like Autotrophs(Plants). They must get their nutrition from their surrounding environment.
S7L-4 1. Which of these is an important part of the nervous system? A. spinal cord B. stomach C. veins D. muscles 2. To prevent disease, the human body naturally produces A. enzymes. B. antibodies. C.
Nutrition, part 2. Because 1 part isn t enough!
Untitled Document. A. The foxes will eat more wolves. B. The foxes will eat fewer wolves.
Monday, October Pick up a little man from the front table. Color and glue it into your journal on the next available page.
Digestive System. What happens to the donut you ate for breakfast this

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Which organ helps break down food into nutrients for our bodies?" and the following answer choices: 
- heart
 - pancreas
 - pipe
 - bacteria
 - pituitary
 - enzymes
 - Proteins
 - humans

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and the pancreas is an organ that is part of our digestive system, choose the best answer.

Target Text: pancreas

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.76919
Retrieved Text: When it comes to animal protein, you really can’t find any part that is more nutritious than organ meat. I know I probably just made some of you squirm by suggesting the option of eating organ meats, but they are great when prepared correctly and the nutrition can’t be beat.
Each culture has their own opinion of organ meat and each views it slightly different than the next. In some cultures, organs are consumed daily while in others certain organs are illegal to eat. One thing that stands true for all cultures is that organ consumption has changed over the years.
Centuries ago, not only were organ meats just eaten, they were praised and loved. When food was hunted and gathered there was a lot of effort put into supplying it for families and tribes. Hunters didn’t just walk to the local supermarket to buy meat, they had to fight for it. And when you’re putting that much effort into hunting food for your family, you use every ounce of it that you can. Not only was it eaten just so it wouldn’t go to waste, the organ meat was reserved for the respected society members. Whether it was the political kings and leaders, the hunters, or the elders; the organ meats were regarded as the best and saved for the best.
Over the years it has changed to be eaten by all, not just the well respected, in almost all countries. In some countries, organ meats are served as common street food and others as appetizers and entrees

########
Rank: 1
Score: 39.148754
Retrieved Text: "The Benefits of A Healthy Intestine"
If you're eating right now, it might be best to read this email after you finish eating. Intestines are not exactly scrumptious but play a vital role in our overall health. The truth is that like any other organ we cannot live without them.
What are intestines and what do they do?
Intestines come in two sizes; big (about 5 feet long) and small (about 20 feet long). Everyone has one of each. The role of the intestines is to absorb the good in the food we eat and filter out the stuff that our body doesn't need or can't use. The intestines absorb most of the water and nutrients that we consume.
The intestinal track is just like every other organ and body part where we have to take care of it. Eating more fiber will help clean out the wall of the intestines. Eating or drinking citrus fruits and chewing well, will also help with digestion.
If we chew our food more fine, then the more saliva is produced and the food breaks down to smaller pieces. The saliva helps break down the food particles and acts as a lubricant when the food goes down the esophagus. Chewing your food well helps the stomach break it down much easier. Eating a citrus fruit like an orange after or during a meal will also help break down the food before it gets to the intestines. This is because citrus fruit has a higher acid level.
Chewing well and adding citrus fruits as well as fiber

########
Rank: 2
Score: 38.220325
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.95115
Retrieved Text: The food we eat daily provides us the basic materials needed to build and sustain the body. In our prime, we can seemingly eat anything and digest it, absorb it, assimilate it, and utilize it. But as we age, stomach acid and enzyme production decrease, digestion worsens, absorption and assimilation of nutrients becomes less effective. The process of getting nutrients into our cells, and eliminating waste products become less effective. The basic starting point for any anti-aging effort is to eat all the necessary nutrients and enhance the mechanisms for digestion, absorption and assimilation.
Most people tend to think of their bodies as a self-contained object like a table or maybe a chair. Yes we need to eat food and drink water or our bodies’ equilibrium can be thrown out of balance. But the tendency of most people is to think of themselves as the same today as we were yesterday. Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, we are constantly tearing down and rebuilding every organ, cell and DNA molecule we possess. Even our bones are constantly replacing themselves. The material for all this renovation is food. Any deficiency in the needed materials, even in the short term, and our body will cleverly sacrifice one part to repair another — like scavenging muscle for protein to repair sunburned skin. But if a deficiency persists, some aspect of our physiology will break down and we become “diseased”.
The body is an amazingly complex system; its nutritional requirements are equally complex and yet humanity has been thriving

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.49357
Retrieved Text: Tag Archives: Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Posted on August 3, 2018 | Comments Off on Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Essential for whole body wellness, a properly working digestive system allows food to be broken down into small, usable molecules for complete nutrient absorption without intestinal discomfort. Proteins break down into amino acids that are utilized to build, repair and replace bodily tissues. Fats subdivide into fatty acids and glycerol, catalyzing reactions that control growth, immune function, reproduction, energy storage, insulation, vital organ protection, and various aspects of basic metabolism. Carbohydrates disassemble into simple sugars to provide glucose, the body’s main cellular energy source. Fiber is a complex carbohydrate that does not convert into glucose. Instead, undigestible fibers keep the digestive tract operating smoothly, supporting proper waste elimination.
Scientific research has established that implementation of healthy diet, proper sleep and exercise supports improved health, promotes a healthy weight and discourages chronic disease. An efficiently run digestive system supports energy production, immunity, proper bodily functions, and overall wellness. By some estimates, more than 100 million Americans appear to struggle with indigestion that can result in uncomfortable symptoms such as bloating, gas, abdominal pain and problems with elimination. For some, this can be a sign of a serious underlying medical condition including Crohn’s disease, celiac disease or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI). For many others, low-grade inflammation, infections, allergies, dysbiosis, food intolerances, poor diet or normal aging may lead to improper digestion of food and poor absorption of nutrients.
Even

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.078163
Retrieved Text: We eat food, but our digestive system doesn’t absorb food, it absorbs nutrients. Food has to be broken down from things like steak and broccoli into its nutrient pieces: amino acids (from proteins), fatty acids and cholesterol (from fats), and simple sugars (from carbohydrates), as well as vitamins, minerals, and a variety of other plant and animal compounds.
Digestive enzymes, primarily produced in the pancreas and small intestine, break down our food into nutrients so that our bodies can absorb them.
If we don’t have enough digestive enzymes, we can’t break down our food – which means even though we’re eating well, we aren’t absorbing all that good nutrition.
Digestive enzymes are secreted into the digestive tract to break down food matter into smaller particles. If the pancreas is not secreting enough enzymes, then this can lead to bloating, bowel distension, gas, abdominal pain and undigested food. The amount of enzymes we secrete lessens with age, so these symptoms are more common as we age.
DIGEST PLUS is a food supplement that can often help in the digestive process.
people find it easiest to pop them just before they sit down to eat, but anytime within about 30 minutes of your meal is going to be beneficial.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.46299
Retrieved Text: Cystic Fibrosis or CF is an inherited genetic disease that mainly affects the lungs and digestive systems. CF causes the mucus that normally coats and protects the lungs and digestive system to become thick and sticky.
The mucus causes coughing and trouble breathing. It often causes lung infections because microbes get stuck in the mucus. These infections can cause damage to the lungs that gets worse over time.
The mucus can clog up an organ called the pancreas. The pancreas secretes substances that help digest food in the intestines. Without these substances, the body can’t break down food to be used as nutrients. When these substances can’t reach the intestines, it results in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI) .
The problem in EPI is often thought to be the blockage of pancreatic ducts that secrete digestive substances called pancreatic enzymes pancreatic enzymes .
Pancreatic enzymes help break down food into nutrients in the duodenum duodenum after the food has been partially digested in the stomach. The intestines then absorb the nutrients into the body where they are used as energy.
However, other substances that aid in digestion are also disrupted in EPI. Another important substance is bicarbonate bicarbonate .
Bicarbonate helps pancreatic enzymes work efficiently to digest food in the duodenum.
Without the digestive action of pancreatic enzymes and the aid of bicarbonate (as well as other digestive substances), people with EPI can’t get enough nutrition from the food they eat. As a result, they have trouble growing or maintaining a healthy weight. They may also have symptoms like gas, bloating, and having lots

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.107765
Retrieved Text: So, do you NEED to take Vitamins?
This is a question people have been asking for years, wondering if buying expensive vitamins is really worth it.
Where food is grown: Farmers are answering the demand to grow more, faster and uniform-looking produce. It is no longer about the taste and nutritional value, it is about fulfilling the demand. Most fruits and vegetables that are being sold in stores have been transported from miles away making the food less nutritious because the vitamins and other nutrients have had time to break down.
Eating out of season: Most consumers do not pay attention to the seasons when it comes to their food selections. Food is being grown far away and is usually harvested before they are naturally ripe (before they can gather all the nutrients possible). To get as much nutrition from your food you should try to eat in season and to buy from local farms. This is not always easy to do and that is why you need vitamins to supplement your diet. Vitamins can help fill the gaps of the nutrients you are not receiving with your diet.
Several of us live very stressful lives with demanding work and family schedules. During these stressful times, our adrenal glands are pumping out massive amounts of adrenaline which is toxic to your body. If you do not alleviate and reduce Stress it will start to harm your health causing high blood pressure, heart disease, obesity, and diabetes. Taking Magnesium and Vitamin C can help you combat these stresses.
In today’s world, your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.094604
Retrieved Text: Healthy eating is important from the day we are born. As a child, we grow quite rapidly and this is due in part to the foods we eat. Foods all contain nutrients that provide us not only with fuel to live our daily lives, but also with the very substances that build our bones, muscles, and organ tissues.
Not getting enough of one nutrient or another can cause a variety of problems, including stunting our growth. For mothers who are nursing, nutrition is important because breast milk contains the nutrients a child needs to grow and develop properly. As we grow so does our need for more substantial solid foods, however our bodies need for proper nutrition never changes. Cells continuous break down and rebuild, so healthy eating for growth continues to be important right up until the day we die.
Maintaining bodily functions is also important but without healthy eating in our daily lives, the energy we use to think, walk, talk, breathe, and perform any other action will suffer. The energy it takes our body to do these things comes from two places: fat reserves in the body from our daily food intake.
If you don’t eat healthy foods, you will find that you are storing more fat that necessary or that you aren’t getting enough and you feel sluggish or weak. Along with energy-providing nutrients, like fats and carbohydrates, we also need the right nutrients to allow our organs to do their jobs.
Hormones and other substances in the body make sure that everything is working properly.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 35.025288
Retrieved Text: Essential to the absorption of food, our bodies could not absorb nutrients from food without the help from various enzymes in our digestive tract. Enzyme production begins in the mouth and follows through the entire digestive tract. The body reacts to the smell and the presence of food to increase enzymatic production and break down larger food molecules into usable building blocks and nutrients.
Products like Chewable Papaya (#701) are formulated to break down starches and proteins, whereas the many of our enzyme product line formulations are meant to support the digestion of carbohydrates, protein and fat.
Bromelain is a mixture of enzymes found naturally in the juice and stems of pineapples. A proteolytic enzyme, bromelain helps with the digestion of protein, and therefore can be used as a digestive aid with protein rich meals. Some bromelain can be absorbed into the blood stream intact, so it has effects outside the digestive tract; these are called systemic effects. One primary effect is its ability to support a healthy response to inflammation. When used as a digestive aid, bromelain is usually taken with meals. When used for other systemic-type conditions, taking bromelain between meals on an empty stomach is best.
Enzymes are as essential to the body as water. To obtain the benefits of nutrition from food and supplements, the body must first break down the components of the food. That’s where enzymes step in – to help the digestion of proteins, fats, and carbohydrates and liberate the micronutrients so they can be utilized by the body. Many enzymes are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.455647
Retrieved Text: We’ve been on this world for around 200,000 years. In this time, the world has altered a lot. You may think that our bodies would have evolved and adjusted to this change, however the impact of diet on our body says otherwise.
People still flourish on the plant-based diet that sustained our ancestors. Greens, raw nuts and fiber-dense fruits and beans supply our bodies with the ideal balance of nutrients to keep us healthy and lean. Why? Due to the fact that the foods themselves trigger the release of fat-burning hormones and keep us complete for longer.
By lowering the quantity of starchy and sugary foods in your diet, you can turn your body back into a fat-burning machine. Creating an energy deficit– that is, using up more energy than you eat– activates a cascade of enzymes and hormonal agents that encourage your body to transform stored fat into energy.
Sugar and starch fill our bodies with more energy than we need. They likewise trigger the release of substantial quantities of insulin into our blood stream. This, in turn, prevents our bodies from burning body fat, and even converts blood glucose into more of it.
Modern-day diets of sweet, starchy foods have the opposite result. Excessive sugar is found in all sorts of processed foods, even relatively healthy items such as granola or fruit juice. Starch dominates our diet plans too– just believe of how much pasta, bread, potato and cereal you eat each month.
Consuming lots of water enables our bodies to operate properly (beside preventing many serious illnesses). The

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.428963
Retrieved Text: We hear it all the time, that the key to burning fat and ultimately weight loss is having a fast metabolism. But what actually is metabolism?
Metabolism is the process that occurs in the body which keeps our bodies functioning, it is responsible for keeping us breathing, moving and ultimately alive. It’s the process that occurs in our body when food or stored energy sources are converted into energy for everyday physical and mental, conscious and non-conscious activities that our bodies complete.
Food is broken down into one of three things; proteins (which is converted to amino acids the building blocks of our muscles), carbohydrates (converted into glucose, sugar, an important energy source utilized by all the cells in our body) and fat (which is converted into fatty acids and used as a secondary energy source after glucose stores are depleted).
On top of this, our metabolism is partially responsible for cleansing our body of waste and toxins, as it controls the processing of food and the functioning of body organs. So does this mean that a fast metabolism actually helps with weight loss and assist with the burning of fat?
To some extent yes. By increasing your metabolic rate, your body breaks down food more efficiently and promotes the ability to remove these toxins and waste more effectively.
A slower metabolism will lead to a greater accumulation of waste which will eventuate into an accumulation of excess fat cells that are not being used by the body and rather are stored as fat. Therefore increasing your metabolic rate definitely can’t

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.4129
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.194775
Retrieved Text: So What is Fulvic Acid?
Fulvic Acid is the element found in humus, the highly nutritious layer of the earth. Partially decomposed matter is the basis of humus and peat. It is this highly nutritious layer that feeds plants and ensures that they grow strong and healthy. Fulvic Acid is created in extremely small amounts by millions of beneficial microbes that work on the decaying plant matter. It combines with a variety of minerals to create a complex molecular compound. Fulvic Acid works to activate the nutrients within soil so that they can be utilised by the cells of plants. It is often termed ‘nature’s miracle molecule’ and for good reason. Unfortunately, modern farming practices have destroyed our soils, leaving them devoid of minerals and have thus disrupted the proliferation of this miracle molecule in the soil, and therefore in vegetation and animals – in effect within our food.
Like its action in soil, Fulvic Acid serves as an essential vehicle that carries vitamins and nutrients to the right place in our bodies. Fulvic Acid is so powerful that one single Fulvic Acid molecule is capable of carrying 60 or more minerals and trace elements directly into our cells. This is just one of its properties that provides Fulvic Acid with the ability to have a dramatic impact on all types of diseases and concerns.
For some years, Fulvic Acid has gone unnoticed as a potential supplement. Recent research though has uncovered a number of potential benefits, which I am going to outline below.
Fulvic Acid is termed a Super

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.181133
Retrieved Text: There are many reasons why we should eat sprouts.
One of the most important reasons is that sprouts contain fresh chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the energy captured from the Sun. All life in this planet comes from the Sun, and without it we would die.
Sprouts are amazing because they are 10 to 20 times more nutritious than their mother vegetables. Sprouts are considered pre-digested food because all their nutrients have been broken down into simple forms. Protein breaks down into simple amino acids, fat into simple essential fatty acids and carbohydrates into simple sugars. These broken down nutrients are then easily absorbed into the blood stream to provide our cells with their needed nutrients. Furthermore, these beautiful and tasty miniature vegetables are high in absorbable protein.
Enzymes are essential to our bodies because they control the metabolic processes whereby nutrients are converted into energy and fresh cell material. Also, enzymes help breakdown food into smaller compounds. Enzymes elevate cellular frequencies creating a better immunity. The healing power of enzymes is proven.
The enzyme account in our bodies is replenished by the living foods, and especially, by the sprouts that we eat , as the enzymes from the sprouts get reabsorbed into the blood stream.
Sprouts create alkalinity in the body and disease cannot live in an alkaline body.
It’s important that sprouts are grown on organic soil and watered with filtered water.
Cooking kills the life in food. The immune system responds to sproutlifeless food by realeasing white blood cells because it does not recognize the structure of the food and considers it

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.169285
Retrieved Text: With the exception of single-celled organisms and very simple life forms, living things have complex bodies that contain many functional parts. You can organize these parts into different levels of complexity or cellular organization. They range from the smallest, simplest functional units of living things to the largest and most complex.
Most organisms have functional parts with five levels: cells, tissues, organs, organ systems and whole organisms. Cells hold genetic material and absorb outside energy. Tissues make up the bones, nerves and connective fibers of the body. Organs work to perform specific bodily tasks, such as filtering blood. Organ systems are groups of organs that perform a specific kind of function together, such as digesting food. Together, these smaller systems make up an entire living organism, which is capable of growing, using energy and reproducing.
Cells are the smallest functional units of all livings things. Both plants and animals contain various kinds of cells. Cells help living things absorb nutrients. In the case of animals, these nutrients come from food. In the case of plants, they come mostly from sunlight, which plant cells convert into usable nutrients via a process called photosynthesis.
Both plant and animal cells carry genetic material in the form of DNA. Without DNA, livings things would not be able to pass on their individual characteristics or the characteristics of their species to the next generation.
Different kinds of cells perform different functions. For example, in animals, red blood cells help to attack viruses, while sperm and egg cells aid in reproduction.
Tissues are the organic material from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.121292
Retrieved Text: Why should you see a nutritionist?
Do you suffer from unexplained symptoms that cannot be connected to any sort of cause that the doctor can find? Have you been sent for test after test only to be left with no answers and still suffer from symptoms such as indigestion, diarrhea, constipation, allergies, fatigue, aches and pains ect? Did you know that those symptoms are the way the body tells you that you are not absorbing your nutrients?
Our digestive system is a very complex system that is nothing short of miraculous if you stop to think about it. Each time you eat, the food you put into your mouth moves down into your stomach where digestive juices are secreted from the walls of your stomach to break down that food into small particles to be moved into your small intestines where it absorbs the vitamins and minerals from the food, that eventually go into your bloodstream and feed every cell in your body. Over the years, the foods that our great grandmothers used to make for their families have changed. Our foods now come from boxes filled with ingredients that are often not ingredients at all but chemicals to extend the shelf life of the food like substances. If the food we are giving our bodies does not have the nutrients our it needs, our organs are then not properly nourished and unable to do the many jobs they were intended to do such as filter out toxins. If toxins are unable to leave the body, then they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.01421
Retrieved Text: If we give our bodies the proper food and nutrients our bodies will last and function well for years and years.
Unfortunately, much of our food is grown on poor soil that has been depleted of minerals and other nutrients years ago. Or the healthy parts of our food was discarded in the processing. Or dangerous substances have been added to the food to lengthen its shelf life. Some processed foods suffer from all of these problems.
How can you solve these problems that deprive us of good nutrition?
One way is to eat more unprocessed foods. Another way is to use natural herbal supplements that will give your body much of the nutrition it is missing.
Herbal supplements come from a very wide variety of plants, mushrooms, and minerals. They provide you with nutrients that your body needs to function at an optimal level.
Our products are formulated to give your body that extra nutrition for which it is starving.
Some of our formulations are designed for your whole body�s well being, while others are formulated to target a specific part or organ of your body.
All of the Healthy Herbal Nutrition formulations use only the finest natural ingredients. They are all formulated and packaged in the United States.
We invite you to explore this web site to find the best products for your and your family.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.891243
Retrieved Text: When it comes to organic supplements for hair growth, there are many options on the market. With ingredients in the supplements, be sure to read the label and take note of any filler ingredients. With the higher quality the ingredients in the hair growth vitamin, the better the results. Many supplements help your body to produce the proteins it needs to grow hair quickly, and with high-quality supplements, your body is likely to produce higher quality proteins.
Wellness Origin’s Organic Collagen Focus is organically sourced collagen. It comes from grass-fed, and injection free pasture raised Brazilian and Argentinian beef – the number one beef in the world. The most abundant protein in the body is collagen. It is the connective tissue for almost all of the organ systems in the body. Collagen production slows down as we age, which can affect our major organ systems.
Supplementing our bodies with collagen can result in thicker and healthier hair, thicker and vibrant skin, resilience and hydration, appetite suppressant resulting in weight management, increase in muscle mass, and more efficient and proper organ functioning.
Silica is a trace mineral that is vital to optimal body performance and function. Organic Plant Silica Focus is a potent mineral that enables the body to remain energetic, flexible, and resilient. Organic Plant Silica increases the body’s cartilage production, elastin production, collagen production, and promotes the growth and health of the hair, nails, and skin. Organic Plant Silica is the key ingredient needed for growing long, healthy hair, making it an essential hair growth vitamin. Silica also

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.802776
Retrieved Text: Processed carbohydrates are carbohydrate foods that were processed or refined to make them more consumer-friendly and easier to transport, but have been stripped of most -- if not all -- of their nutrients and fiber along the way. Carbohydrates provide energy for the body, particularly for the brain and the nervous system. An enzyme called amylase helps break down carbohydrates into blood sugar, or glucose, which the cells of your body absorb for energy.
Examples of processed carbohydrates include most baked goods, white breads, pastas, snack foods, candies and non-diet soft drinks. Other examples of processed carbohydrates are bleached, enriched wheat flour and white sugar. Because these foods have been stripped of their nutrients and fiber, they are often referred to as "empty calories."
As our bodies try to digest the huge amounts of starches and simple sugars in a meal that is dominated by processed carbohydrates, hormone production, such as that of insulin, fluctuates dramatically. This causes blood glucose levels to experience spikes and dips, a situation that may increase the risk of developing chronic illnesses such as obesity, diabetes, cancer and heart disease. In addition, our bodies are ill-equipped to handle the array of artificial flavorings, colorings and preservatives that are frequently part of the processing of refined carbohydrates.
The glycemic index classifies carbohydrates based on how quickly and how high they raise your blood sugar when compared to pure glucose. Many processed carbohydrates, like white bread, have a high glycemic index and cause rapid spikes in sugar. A score of 70 or higher gives a food

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.787888
Retrieved Text: Glutathione is an important antioxidant that occurs naturally in our body’s cells. Its main purpose is to detoxify the body and help our cells retain their strength. Liposomal Glutathione is a popular supplement can be taken orally to increase the amount of glutathione in our bodies.
This helps increase the release of that enter our bodies through pollution, chemicals and other destructive foreign bodies that enter our blood stream. Liposomal Glutathione supplements help prevent damage to our bodies’ cells and keep them strong as we age.
Glutathione is a natural antioxidant found in our body and in many of the foods we eat. It is a tripeptide. Peptides are proteins.
As a tripeptide, glutathione is composed of three amino acids, glycine, cysteine and glutamine. Glutathione is found in every cell of the body with a high concentration in organs such as the liver.
Glutathione works with enzymes to protect the cells found in the membranes around our vital organs by reducing the effects of oxidative stress which, over time, damages cells and causes them to deteriorate.
Glutathione is also an important antioxidant because it works with other antioxidants such as Vitamins B and C to protect the cells from damage.
Glutathione is important for removing toxins from the body. Our bodies are exposed to multiple toxins daily. Toxins enter our body through chemicals such as pollution and pesticides.
We are exposed to toxins through the air and through the foodand water we ingest. Although our bodies produce glutathione in every cell, that is not enough to eliminate all of the toxins that enter

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.661972
Retrieved Text: Why Dietary supplements have become so crucial to our health?
Dietary supplements include vitamins, minerals, herbs/botanicals, enzymes, amino acids, proteins and other dietary ingredients. These products are taken by mouth in pill, capsule, tablet, or liquid form.
Why do our bodies need Vitamins and Minerals?
Vitamins and minerals are essential nutrients because they perform hundreds of roles in the body on a daily basis. Our bodies constantly construct skin, muscle and bone and manufacture red blood cells which carry nutrients and oxygen to remote areas in the body and send nerve signals skipping along thousands of miles of brain and body pathways. They also formulate chemical messengers that shuttle from one organ to another, issuing the instructions that help sustain our lives.
To do all this, our bodies require vitamins, minerals, micro minerals and some very essential trace minerals, components of which, by its self, our bodies cannot manufacture in sufficient amounts.
Vitamins and minerals are often called micronutrients because our bodies need only tiny amounts of them. Yet failing to get even those small quantities virtually guarantees disease.
Many micronutrients interact. For example, vitamin D is the cofactor of over 3000 processes in the body, for example to enable our bodies to obtain calcium from food sources passing through our digestive tract rather than harvesting it from our bones.
One of many roles played by vitamin C is to help make collagen, which knits together wounds, supports blood vessel walls, and forms a base for teeth and bones and yet bone formation would also be impossible without vitamins A, D, and K.
Magnesium

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.48962
Retrieved Text: The liver, located behind the lower right part of your ribs, is the largest organ in your body (weighing about 3 pounds). Your liver performs more than 500 functions, including storing nutrients, filtering and processing chemicals in food, and producing bile, a substance that helps digest fats and eliminate waste products.
All the blood leaving your stomach and intestines passes through the liver. The liver processes this blood and breaks down the nutrients and other substances (such as drugs) into forms for use by the rest of your body.
Processes most of the nutrients absorbed by your intestines during digestion and converts those nutrients into forms that can be used by your body, including the amounts of glucose (sugar), protein, and fat that enter your bloodstream.
Removes or neutralizes poisons from your blood that are the normal by-products of your body’s metabolism. This includes, for example, bilirubin, which is a by-product of the breakdown of red blood cells) and ammonia, which accumulates in your blood when your body metabolizes (breaks down) proteins.
Metabolizes (breaks down) alcohol and many medications.
Produces bile, which helps digest fats and absorb fat-soluble vitamins.
Produces cholesterol and special proteins (known as lipoproteins) to help carry fats through the body.
Produces substances that help blood clot, and certain important proteins, such as albumin.
Stores some nutrients, such as sugar, vitamin A, iron, and other minerals. For example, your liver converts excess glucose (sugar) in your blood into glycogen for storage—glycogen can later be converted back to glucose for energy, as needed by your body.
Produces immune agents to help control infections,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.18163
Retrieved Text: The purpose of the stomach is to break down food and liquids we have ingested into a form that the body can use.
Most of the food and drink we ingest consists of molecules that are too large to pass into cells, so one function of the stomach is to make it into a manageable size.
The second function is to break the food down chemically in a process we call digestion into molecules of a type capable of being passed across the walls of the intestine.
The stomach is a highly elastic and muscular organ which can expand easily to hold a large meal or a large amount of fluids. The stomach wall is folded. Continual movement of this muscular stomach wall churns the food mechanically and mixes it with gastric juices, helping it to break down the food mechanically. The combination of chemical and mechanical digestion reduces the food into a uniform creamy paste called acid chyme.
Carbohydrates, proteins, fats and nucleic acids are digested in the stomach by the acid in the stomach and, more importantly, pepsin.
There is a type of opening called the pyloric sphincter that guards the opening to the small intestine. Once the food has become acid chyme this sphincter opens and the chyme flows into the duodenum a little at a time [the duodenum is the first bit of the small intestine]. Hydrogencarbonate ions in the duodenum, secreted by the pancreas, neutralise the acid in the chyme. The intestine is where all the absorption of nutrients takes place.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.104774
Retrieved Text: In today’s culture, we are bombarded with toxins all around us—in our drinking water, from food (in the form or additives, chemicals, pesticides, dyes, etc.), cleaners, medications, and so on. This toxic load can make a difference in our ability to stay healthy and can also make weight loss difficult to achieve.
Welcome to the 10-Day Cleansing Programs!
The best way to reduce that toxic burden is to purify or detox our bodies periodically. As toxins are removed, our bodies are better able to move toward health and vitality. Our Purification programs help to remove the toxins from the liver (the main organ of detoxification) and help to give the digestive tract a much-needed break from non-nutritional foods.
The Purification Programs have several goals. The first is to provide nutrient-dense foods including an assortment of fresh fruits and vegetables. Then the supplements which will be taken are made from whole foods and herbs that are designed to assure that your body is getting the full spectrum of nutrients that it needs while assisting in detoxification of the liver and other major organs such as the colon, kidneys, skin, blood, and lymph system.
*Weight loss is not the primary goal of a Purification Program, but it almost always comes as a side benefit. If you are looking to lose weight, a Purification Program is a great way to jumpstart it. When your body is clean, the nutrients you eat can be better absorbed; often poor nutrition is a cause for failure in weight loss programs.
A detoxification should be done at least

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.56978
Retrieved Text: 100% natural goat milk, gentle for sensitive skin, relief eczema, acne and irritation.
Reduce acne, blackheads, whiteheads and scars.
The lactic acid in goat’s milk helps to break down skin cells, aiding the natural process through which we continually shed old cells as new ones are formed.
Goat’s milk is also rich in vitamins and nutrients important to healthy skin, including zinc, alpha hydroxyl acid and amino acid, as well as vitamins A, B, C and E.
The pH balance of the fatty acids found in goat’s milk is very similar to the pH levels found in the human body, making it easy for these beneficial nutrients and moisturizers to be absorbed into the skin.
Your skin is your body’s largest organ and it needs certain nutrients to look great and perform at its best.
Studies show approximately 60% of what you put on your skin is absorbed into your bloodstream which is why we only use all-natural ingredients — no dyes, harsh chemicals, parabens, alcohols, fillers, artificial fragrances, GMO ingredients, synthetic preservatives… No JUNK!
Whether you live in a dry climate or suffer from skin conditions like eczema or psoriasis, each bar of our goat milk soap cleanses and refreshes dry, damaged skin while also helping to maintain your skin’s natural moisture.
Found naturally inside goat’s milk, alpha hydroxyl acids slough away dead skins cells with ease, allowing the blend of rich oils added to our bars of goat milk soap to sink into your skin and nourish the new skin cells below.
The end result is skin that looks and feels younger.
One single

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.479986
Retrieved Text: We’ve all heard our dermatologists say that what we put into our bodies is subsequently reflected on our largest organ–our skin. Okay, okay, so french fries and french toast might not be the best dishes for our complexion…but what should we be eating to promote a radiant glow? We turned to Athena Ellen, a San Francisco-based esthetician with over 14 years of experience and founder of luxe botanical line Monastery, for advice. Below, the celebrated skincare expert shares the five foods we should be eating for clearer skin.
Guavas. It turns out that guavas contain more vitamin C than any other fruit. Vitamin C fights free radicals. Free radicals break down skin cells, which leads to sagging skin and fine lines, so it’s important to minimize them.
Chili Peppers. Also very high in Vitamin C, helping to fight free radicals. Although you can’t eat a lot of them, it helps to add them to your food!
Kale. Kale is extremely high in iron. Iron is extremely important for skin health and beauty because it carries oxygen through the blood cells. Keeping your skin cells oxygenated makes your complexion look and feel bouncy.
Fatty Fish like salmon or mackerel. These fish are extremely high in omega fatty acids. Omega fatty acids reduce inflammation and smooth the skin. This will help keep you clear of stubborn pimples and thin skin.
Pumpkin. Pumpkins are very high in beta-carotene. Beta-carotene (vitamin A) fights unwanted bacteria, which makes it another superfood for fighting stubborn acne.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.276543
Retrieved Text: Protein is one of the most vital nutrients within the human diet. Without it, our bodies would not be able to produce enzymes, hormones, or cells; repair damaged tissue; build strong muscles and bones; or maintain healthy skin and blood.
Depending on the source, our bodies will break down protein in different ways and in different parts of our digestive tract. Most proteins begin to break down in the stomach when they make contact with pepsin, the chief digestive enzyme in the stomach. These broken down proteins become peptides, which travel to the small intestine, with the help of enzymes, where they can be broken down into individual amino acids and absorbed into the bloodstream. Once absorbed, our bodies can deliver the amino acids to any part of the body and reconstruct them as needed to keep our bodies healthy and strong.
Protein is a macronutrient, along with fat and carbohydrates, which means our bodies need large amounts of it to sustain us throughout the day. But unlike fat and carbs, our bodies do not store protein. We either use it or lose it.
That’s why any athlete, trainer, or fitness buff will tell you that the best time to take that protein shake is directly before or after your workout. When we exercise, our muscles actually develop small tears (which sounds worse than it is) and our cells rush in to begin repairing them with the help of protein.
What is Protein Digestibility Testing?
Protein digestibility tests help to determine a protein source’s ability to be digested and the ratio

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.0663
Retrieved Text: Pink Unrefined Sulfur Salt provides the minerals necessary for balancing the health of all the organ systems in the body. As a result, this helps the body’s energy levels, healthy body PH, hair, skin, and nail strength, and balanced nervous system. Sulfur can also support inflammation and pain support, weight management, and supplementation of sulfur in your daily regime.
Pink Unrefined Sulfur Salt gives the body a 100% pure source of salt based sulfur minerals vital to life. These nutrients allow our bodies to function at optimal levels of health through providing the trace elements needed in our bodies at a cellular level.
In combination with sulfur, an essential element in providing the body with the ability to make amino acids and proteins, support of the biochemical processes of the body is available when you sprinkle Pink Unrefined Sulfur Salt on your foods and smoothies.
Sprinkle on food as desired.
The salt mixture provides the salt-based minerals necessary for balancing the health of the organ systems of the body. It helps the body’s energy levels, maintenance of a balanced nervous system, a healthy body pH level and the strength of the hair, skin and nails, among many whole body process supporting mechanisms. Sulfur itself also promotes weight management, pain and inflammation support and adequate supplementation of sulfur for your daily diet.
Sulfur is the eighth most common element by mass in the human body, composing 4% of the body. Studies show through ingesting the Standard American Diet (SAD), we are sulfur deficient. This deficiency causes proteins and peptides to be diminished,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.884098
Retrieved Text: Become a Sleeping Beauty: Ever had trouble sleeping? Yeah, silly question huh? Of course, you have…we all have. Well, that splendid MacGyver-esque vinegar we have been talking about helps in the sleep arena as well. Remember how I mentioned it aids in digestion? Well, this comes into play here. Apple cider vinegar breaks down fatty acids and releases tryptophan (yes, think Thanksgiving turkey). This handy dandy essential amino acid has a neat little habitat of converting to serotonin, which in turn is metabolized into melatonin (this is how 5-HTP works), which helps us sleep. So grab some turkey (or really any animal product or nuts and seeds) and chow down with a dose of apple cider vinegar, and sleep well tonight mes amis!
Slaying the nutrients: Even if you consume all the right vitamins and minerals, in exactly all the right doses, if your body can’t absorb them, then it doesn’t matter. Nutrients are often not absorbed because they are not released from the food we have eaten or are blocked by inhibitors. When it comes to nutrients like iron (or as we saw before with tryptophan) apple cider vinegar helps the food you consume breakdown and/or release those much-needed nutrients.When it comes to things like calcium, absorption can be blocked by oxalates. Apple cider vinegar can break down those oxalates and therefore improve calcium absorption. Plus the magnesium in the vinegar helps the calcium absorb too. As an added bonus, apple cider vinegar offers small doses of potassium too!

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what does the digestive system use to produce nutrients for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- Proteins
 - Enzymes
 - oysters
 - catabolism
 - lungs
 - ice cubes
 - hair
 - nutrients

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and catabolism is the breaking down of food, choose the best answer.

Target Text: catabolism

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.309593
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.636288
Retrieved Text: How long will my order take to deliver? Delivery will take up to 7 days once proof of payment has been received.
Why juice? Many people suffer from digestive imbalances, which not only reduces the body’s ability to absorb essential nutrients but also results in decreased immunity. 75% of the immune system is located in the digestive system. Cold pressed Juices have very few fibers and require minimal digestion as the body absorbs the nutrients immediately. Juicing allows you to consume a wide variety of fresh produce. The health benefits are astonishing! Fruit and vegetables are packed with an abundant array of nutrients. The alkalizing effects they have on our bodies are beautiful and studies have shown that when people fall ill their body is acidic. In fact, when the bodies PH balance is too acidic you are at an elevated risk of heart disease, arthritis, cancer, diabetes, and many other diseases. Just by juicing, you create an alkalizing state that improves your energy, digestion, mental clarity, clear skin, and an overall healthy body.
Is Skinny Juice Organic? Our Cold Pressed Juice is mostly organic where possible. We have teamed up with Organic farms in and around Cape Town to supply us with only the best fruits and veggies available. Organic produce is still very limited in terms of variety but hopefully as the Organic market grows so we will be able to offer fully organic juices.
Can my kids drink Skinny Juice? Most definitely! Each flavour is engineered to taste incredible so that everyone can enjoy them. We

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.828342
Retrieved Text: Does Isagenix work? To answer that question we must first understand how the digestive system works, because that's where many health problems begin. Improper digestion creates a host of health issues that range from irritable bowel syndrome to colon cancer.
People today are more sedentary than they used to be, and as a result are putting on more weight. Lack of physical activity coupled with poor diet is contributing to an astonishing level of obesity in the United States. Almost 60% of Americans are overweight or obese.
Being overweight has a much bigger impact on the body than many realize. Dietary choices affect weight, the digestive system, propensity to develop chronic disease, and energy levels. Too much fat in your system prevents your body from processing nutrients properly, resulting in a host of problems ranging from malabsorption to skin conditions.
So when you ask, "Does Isagenix work?" you're actually asking if it's beneficial for weight loss and digestive system cleansing. It's in the colon many of the problems begin, and Isagenix works to bring those problems to an end. Too much dietary fat, lack of essential vitamins and minerals, and environmental toxins meet in the colon and the result can be a host of uncomfortable and even painful problems.
When you do not digest food properly it means the body is not absorbing the nutrients it needs for good health. The intestines are lined with villi which are little tubes used to pull the necessary food byproducts into the system. From there, the nutrients are used by the organs, muscles,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.191414
Retrieved Text: Information on probiotics and prebiotics are topics that often appear in scientific literature in correlation with maintaining the health of the digestive system. There are many natural ways to supplement these substances in the body. There are also dietary supplements that provide medicinal probiotics and prebiotics. However, only some of them contain a full set of digestive enzymes, which are very important for the complete assimilation of all nutrients and for the proper course of the digestive process.
For the secretion of digestive enzymes, the pancreas is responsible, a small glandular organ that is located near the stomach. The pancreas provides enzymes to digestion of proteins, carbohydrates and fats to the small intestine, and also produces hormones that regulate blood glucose levels – including insulin.
The digestive enzymes break down the food into the smallest particles so that they can be absorbed by the lining of the small intestine, which is very thin – it consists of only one cell layer. Then the nutrients are transferred to the individual cells of the body, through the complicated system of blood vessels that surround the intestines.
Protein digesting enzymes (proteases) break down proteins into smaller particles, which then turn into single amino acids to be absorbed by the lining of the digestive tract. Proteins are necessary for muscle building as well as for cell regeneration.
Enzymes that digest carbohydrates (carbohydrases) break down large molecules called polysaccharides into simple sugars that pass through the lining of the digestive tract. Cellular energy, brain energy and muscle energy are produced from sugars. Sugars are also

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.86091
Retrieved Text: Dr. Diana Joy Ostroff knows that having a healthy digestive system is imperative when seeking overall optimal health. A healthy digestive system enables your body to absorb and use nutrients effectively, control metabolism, lose weight faster, stop unhealthy cravings and strengthen your immune system. If your body is unable to properly digest, absorb nutrients and expel waste products then a cascade of diseases, ailments and restrictions on the physical body occur. Through years of experience, Dr. Joy understands that seemingly unrelated conditions arise when the gut is not functioning correctly, such as decreased immunity, hormonal imbalances, inflammation, allergies, fatigue and so on.
As a Naturopathic Physician, she utilizes a holistic approach when addressing the underlying causes of disease. Because the quality and strength of your digestive system strongly influences and determines your health, Dr. Ostroff’s method of treatment places strong emphases on creating a healthy gut. She performs diagnostic testing and evaluations to discover the current state of your health and implements a variety of modalities specific to your individual treatment plan. At the Center for Natural Healing, you will be provided with the appropriate supplementation, dietary counseling, treatments and continual monitoring of your progress, creating a strong foundation of health, reducing the chances of disease, and feeling wonderful in the process.
Dr. Diana Joy Ostroff from Honolulu, Hawaii, on the island of Oahu, knows that good digestive health is imperative when seeking overall optimal wellness. A healthy digestive system enables your body to absorb and use nutrients effectively, control metabolism, stop unhealthy cravings and strengthen your immune

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.853424
Retrieved Text: When our digestive system is functioning optimally it produces enzymes in response to the foods we eat. We can also obtain enzymes from the raw fruits and vegetables we eat. When the body fails to produce adequate levels of digestive enzymes we develop heartburn, acid reflux, cramping, burping, bloating, flatulence, constipation and poor absorption of nutrients. Fortunately we can take enzymes in supplement form to enhance the body’s digestive capabilities.
A double-blind, crossover study published in Digestive Diseases and Sciences confirmed the efficacy of digestive enzyme supplements at providing optimal digestion. Healthy volunteers consumed a high-calorie, high-fat meal either with a digestive enzyme or a placebo. Gastrointestinal symptoms were recorded for the following 17 hours. The group taking the enzymes had a significant reduction in bloating, gas and the feeling of fullness.
DIGESTsmart is convenient and can be taken with food. It does not need to be taken 1/2 hour before meals like other digestive enzymes.
DU (Dextrinizing Unit), CU (Cellulase Unit), ALU (Acid Lactase Unit), MCU (Milk Clotting Units), PU (Papain Unit), LU (Lipase Unit).
This product does not contain artificial preservatives, colors or sweeteners; no gluten, wheat or yeast. GLUTEN-FREE.
Suggested use: Take 1 caplet with each meal or as directed by a health practitioner. If you have overeaten take an additional caplet after the meal.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.63445
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.154934
Retrieved Text: Hypochlorhydria and achlorhydria is where the stomach does not produce enough acid to breakdown your food and pull out the nutrients the body needs.
Symptoms can be diarrhea, anemia, weight loss, abdominal discomfort or bloating and reflux. Deficiencies in nutrients can cause limb weakness, memory or mood changes, numbness and tingling in the limbs.
On of the best things you can do is chew your food thoroughly more than you would usually as this helps signal your stomach that food is on its way.
Multivitamins & B Vitamins as the body cannot take all the nutrients it may need it is worth while have a bit extra.
Probiotics help increase the good bacteria as the bad bacteria builds up with this condition. Bananas are a good boost for probiotics.
Ginger Tea, stimulates the digestive system and helps with bloating.
Peppermint in coated capsule form is good for the digestion.
Digestive enzymes can be taken to encourage the digestion.
Try to eat more healthy by avoiding fatty and sugary foods, Try to eat more fruit and vegetables and foods rich in fibre.
When you exercise the body's circulation increases and not only will it help the digestion you will feel better as the brain gets stimulated with mood enhancing properties.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.656857
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestion is the cornerstone of health. Any health concern you are dealing with will be helped by strengthening your digestion.
I often hear people complain about gas, boating, constipation- but other symptoms that may seem are unrealted to digestion are also symptoms that the digestive system needs work such as hormone imbalances, any skin issue, and low energy.
Even if you are eating organic, whole food- you may not be actually absorbing and utilizing all of the incredible nutrition it has to offer if you if our digestion is not working as it should.
Learn more about how to eat for optimal health and digestion here.
The state we are eating in is what determines HOW our body uses the food we are eating. You could be eating the healthiest food in the world, but if you are angry, sad, rushed etc., your body will assimilate that in a toxic way- which slows metabolism and stores fat.
Set aside time for each meal- and allow your attention to be just on that- your meal. Your body needs to be focused on food and in relaxation response to begin the digestive process.
Take 5 deep breathes before each meal. This puts your body into relaxation response and allows for digestion to begin.
Really focus on the tastes and sensations of the food. Chew until liquid. When we do not chew our food well, our digestive system has to work so hard at breaking down the large pieces- leading to constipation, bloated, and low energy.
Go for a short walk after each meal to help

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.32691
Retrieved Text: Tag Archives: Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Posted on August 3, 2018 | Comments Off on Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Essential for whole body wellness, a properly working digestive system allows food to be broken down into small, usable molecules for complete nutrient absorption without intestinal discomfort. Proteins break down into amino acids that are utilized to build, repair and replace bodily tissues. Fats subdivide into fatty acids and glycerol, catalyzing reactions that control growth, immune function, reproduction, energy storage, insulation, vital organ protection, and various aspects of basic metabolism. Carbohydrates disassemble into simple sugars to provide glucose, the body’s main cellular energy source. Fiber is a complex carbohydrate that does not convert into glucose. Instead, undigestible fibers keep the digestive tract operating smoothly, supporting proper waste elimination.
Scientific research has established that implementation of healthy diet, proper sleep and exercise supports improved health, promotes a healthy weight and discourages chronic disease. An efficiently run digestive system supports energy production, immunity, proper bodily functions, and overall wellness. By some estimates, more than 100 million Americans appear to struggle with indigestion that can result in uncomfortable symptoms such as bloating, gas, abdominal pain and problems with elimination. For some, this can be a sign of a serious underlying medical condition including Crohn’s disease, celiac disease or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI). For many others, low-grade inflammation, infections, allergies, dysbiosis, food intolerances, poor diet or normal aging may lead to improper digestion of food and poor absorption of nutrients.
Even

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.241943
Retrieved Text: The digestive system, or gastrointestinal track (GIT), is a specialized group of organs in the body that is responsible for turning food and fluids into sources of energy and nutrients to help the... An optimally functioning digestive system requires all of its parts to be healthy and working properly, and by doing everything possible to make this happen, you can assure you are getting the most from your food. In this article, I will break down digestion from start to finish and look at the variables that impact this process.
Choose healthy foods and foods that would help out with all the other systems in your body. You know, that's the purpose of the digestive system is to supply all the other sys … tems with the... Your digestive system is critical to managing your weight, maintaining healthy energy levels and even maintaining your overall health. When working correctly, the body absorbs essential nutrients to keep your body running properly through digestion.
When you have a healthy digestive system, what you consume is properly digested, and then the beneficial nutrients are immersed into the bloodstream via the small intestine. Nutrient absorption gets a boost when a healthy intestinal lining provides a large surface for absorption. how to keep fruit fresh in hot weather When your digestive system is not working properly, the rest of your body suffers. Digestive problems interfere with normal nutrient absorption. Every system of the body needs ample nutrients to function properly.
Some of the Conditions that can effect the Digestive System. Due to overcooked, highly

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.986446
Retrieved Text: Your digestive system plays a major role in the overall health of your body. That’s because your digestive system is responsible for absorbing the nutrients the other organs in your body need to function. If you aren’t able to digest and absorb nutrients properly, it can interfere with a variety of other important health factors.
Good health relies on your body’s ability to use the vitamins, minerals, proteins, and essential fatty acids in the food and supplements you ingest. In order for your body to absorb the nutrients it needs, in must have a sufficient amount of stomach acid and enzymes.
Your body produces digestive enzymes of its own to help break down the food you eat. Important digestive enzymes are also present in raw vegetables and fruits. However, when these foods are cooked, the enzymes are destroyed. Not eating enough raw veggies and fruits can deplete your body’s natural production of enzymes.
Enzymes are involved in every process within your body. Without sufficient enzymes, your body cannot break down the food you eat or withdraw the nutrients it needs to maintain good health. Thus, a depletion of enzymes leads to a depletion of health.
Undigested food can also become a fuel source for harmful microorganisms like bacteria, yeast, and parasites. Over time, these dangerous microorganisms can cause a variety of serious health problems if left untreated.
Poor digestion can also be the result of dysbiosis, which is when the level of healthy organisms within your intestinal tract becomes imbalanced.
Dysbiosis can be caused by invasive yeast, bacterial overgrowth, or parasitic infections.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.76627
Retrieved Text: The digestive system is the “heart” of your health, since nutrition and digestion constitute the main factors that control overall health. Every health condition that you deal with is ultimately related to the acquisition of nutrients.
Meet Dr. Howard Loomis: Watch our video: "Restoring Your Health Naturally". It will give you better insight to our Digestive Enzyme Therapy Program/ The Goal of this program is to determine the Source of Stress (SOS) so that you can go into a state of REST-ORATION.
Does it get eliminated properly?
What is it you can't currently do that you would like to do, and, what steps are you willing to take to make this happen?
As a Digestive Health Specialist I use proven and time-honored standards to nutritionally support the body and recognize that the best sources of nutrients are whole foods with contents that act synergistically when properly digested and assimilated. My Enzyme Nutrition program is tailored to the uniquness of each individual. Pricing ranges from 250 to 450 dollars for holistic health evaluations. A Free initial consultation by phone is available. Call today and get your health on!
For more detailed info regarding the different aspects of this program please click here to email Madeline. We are waiting to hear from you!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.58258
Retrieved Text: What Do Nonsoluble and Soluble Fiber Supplements Do For Your Body?
What are fiber supplements for and do you need soluble or non soluble?
Many adults have misunderstandings about fiber and how it works in the body. Most assume that it’s a substance that makes you regular in the bathroom, but it actually does much more for your body than just encourage healthy and regular bowel movements.
Here are some basics about this substance so you can determine if fiber supplements are right for you.
Fiber is an indigestible roughage that is found in plants only. Soluble fiber dissolves in water and slows down the absorption of food in the digestive system. Insoluble fiber does not dissolve in water and provides bulk or roughage in the digestive system; this type of fiber actually absorbs water as it moves along the intestinal tract.
This roughage changes how food is absorbed in the digestive system. By slowing down the absorption of food, soluble fiber allows the blood to carry more nutrients to the body’s cells. The food is broken down more slowly so the blood can absorb more nutrients before they move with food through the intestines.
Insoluble fiber absorbs water which is then bound to your stools; the more water they have, the softer they are and elimination then becomes much easier.
It is recommended that women get 25 grams of fiber a day and men get 30 to 38 grams a day. If you don’t get this much by eating plant-based foods, you may want to consider a supplement.
For those concerned about their

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.46373
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Info / Education / Are Enzymes the Secret to Health?
There are approximately 1,300 enzymes in the human cell. Each enzyme only reacts with a specific type of substance, so it won’t cause chemical reactions where it shouldn’t. The flip side to that coin is, if you have an absence of or issue with an enzyme, nothing else can readily step in and perform its function.
Enzymes are pretty impressive in that they make some processes happen millions of times faster. An extraordinary example of this is OMP decarboxylase—in your body, a reaction that would take 78 million years, when you add this enzyme, takes 18 milliseconds! Crazy, right?
So enzymes are absolutely crucial to our health. Insufficient enzyme production is at the root of many health issues and chronic conditions. In fact, a number of inherited diseases are due to a lack of a particular enzyme.
Metabolic enzymes are produced in the body and are used to keep our tissues, blood, and organs healthy. They take the nutrients from the food we eat and use them to generate new cells, heal existing cells, expel toxins, and aid in energy production. They build nutrients into muscles, nerves, bones, blood, lungs, and various glands.
Metabolic enzymes are vital in operating your cardiac, circulatory, endocrine, hepatic, lymphatic, neurologic, renal, and reproductive systems, as well as sustaining your bones, joints, muscles, skin, and other tissues. Every single one of the 100 trillion cells in your body depend on these enzymes.
Enzyme production declines with age. Ah, the joys of aging—is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.284443
Retrieved Text: Juicing — mechanically extracting the juice from fresh vegetables and fruits — has received a lot of publicity lately. Juice bars are popping up all over Manhattan. Everyone is buying either over-the-counter juices or expensive juicing machines to use at home. But if you book an appointment with a gastroenterologist, they will tell you the question that needs to be asked is whether juicing is truly better for you than eating fresh fruits and vegetables. The answer is not as cut and dry as you might imagine.
Fruits and vegetables have always been part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s guidelines for healthy eating. If you don’t like eating them — or if you feel you don’t get enough — then juicing is an accepted way to get the vitamins, nutrients, and minerals you would otherwise miss.
Juicing helps your body absorb those nutrients and antioxidants because liquids are easier to digest than solid food. So getting your plant-based vitamins in liquid form gives your digestive system a rest from the complex food you eat most of the time. Furthermore, some food combinations require different digestive enzymes, which can stress your system. Juicing eliminates this problem, as the juice ingredients are all from the same food family.
Fresh fruits and vegetables contain lots of healthy fiber, which is one of the benefits of eating them. Juicing removes most if not all of the fiber, and your body needs fiber to stay regular. While lots of fiber does stress your digestive system, our bodies have evolved over the millennia to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.257034
Retrieved Text: Vitabase VitaComplete contains over 200 nutrients (complete multivitamin plus much more).
VitaComplete Multivitamin is truly that in every sense of the word. Vitabase VitaComplete Multivitamin is a liquid vitamin whole food supplement which is designed to give you back your youthful vigor and improve your overall health. VitaComplete contains over 200 nutrients which work to address all nutritional aspects of your body by supporting complete well-being starting at the cellular level. It contains an all-inclusive ingredient profile of natural elements in an easy to take liquid form. VitaComplete from Vitabase provides you the ultimate convenience, giving you all the nutrients your body needs into one convenient, easy to take product.
Because Vitasbase VitaComplete is the most complete multivitamin you will find, you won't need to take dozens of other supplements to address different needs. You could spend over $300 a month to get all the nutrients contained in one bottle of VitaComplete.
Most individuals live every day with excessive free-radical production in the body. These free-radicals may result from pollution, smoking, or other environmental exposure and can lead to many health different problems. Antioxidants are responsible for neutralizing free radicals in the body.Antioxidants scavenge free radicals and detoxify and protect the body. VitaComplete Multivitamin has all the antioxidants you need including Ester-C®, a high-quality vitamin C product that is easy on your stomach.
Vitabase VitaComplete is also packed with XanoMax® mangosteen, OptiBerry, pomegranate, acai berry, CoQ10, FloraGlo®, lutein, grape seed extract, selenium, and Fruits & Greens® super phytofoods known for their high ORAC rating and ability to fight damaging free

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.155903
Retrieved Text: Genesis Advanced BioScience has created a revolutionary, new breakthrough in human nutrition called Fortizel™. This amazing product utilizes a super-powered extract of Colostrum called Augmentsodine™. It is high in carbohydrates, protein and antibodies, and low in fat.
Augmentsodine™ helps your beneficial bacteria effectively implant themselves in your digestive tract. It’s advanced nutrients help them grow strong.
Fortizel™ also replenishes your primary coenzyme levels that are depleted by your environmental and biological stressors.
As mentioned in the section on Greater Lean Muscle Mass, Augmentsodine™ helps your digestive system become healthier so it’s primed to absorb more nutrients from your food. This important activity may provide numerous health benefits that include a return to a normal body weight. As you age, digestion and absorption of nutrients becomes a major factor in your overall health and body mass.
Components found in Augmentsodine™ can train and refresh your immune system to produce antibodies against many different types of infections. Numerous studies show great promise for Augmentsodine™ in helping your cells’ battle against the surge of new, antibiotic resistant strains of bacteria.
“Immunoglobulin in colostrum has been used successfully in helping many people, ” states Dr Dwyer in the New England Journal of Medicine.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.13016
Retrieved Text: Home / Probiotics Supplements / #1 Probiotic Supplement – All Natural Formula Promotes Optimal Health for Women, Men, and Kids. Improve Immune System Function, Colon Health, and Digestion! Safe Formula with Lactobacillus, Acidophilus, and Billions of Live Cultures and Intestinal Flora in Every Serving. Number One Nutrition Advanced Probiotics are 100% Vegetarian with No Known Side Effects! Experience Dramatically Improved Health or 200% Money Back Guarantee !
Being healthy and happy about your body is a matter of choice. What are Probiotics? Probiotics are good bacteria who perform a very important role in our digestive, methabolic and immune systems. They produce enzymes that break down the food we eat, regulate vitamins intake and convert sugars to the essencials nutrients our bodies need. THIS IS HOW #1 PROBIOTICS MAY HELP YOU • Drastically Improve your Digestive Health. • Balance Your Intestinal Flora. • Improve your Mood. • Break Down allergy causing proteins. • Accelerate your fat loss. MORE THAN JUST DIGESTIVE Improvement! Did you know that the GI tract is responsible for 80% of the immune system health? When we improve the digestive function we are also giving a great BOOST to the IMMUNE SYSTEM. Fighting off the bad bacteria present in the GI tract will also help the body to fight off INFECTIONS. Bringing balance to the Intestinal Flora will also alleviate digestive discomfort, inflamation and BLOATING. We’re certain that you’ll love the way you feel when you incorporate #1 Probiotic into your diet. And if you don’t, we’ll refund your moneyat any time. It’s that simple.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.079758
Retrieved Text: It is extremely important to have a healthy digestive system. You will be able to enjoy the things you do if you have a healthy lifestyle. You will have less stress if you have a healthier body. It is crucial for your body to digest, breakdown foods and converts them to energy. The food you eat is broken down into nutrients that your body needs by the process known as digestion. You could run into problems in absorbing nutrients and digesting food if you neglect your digestion system.
We can experience discomfort due to digestion problems. Digestion discomfort has become a major issue. We complain of blotting, occasional gas, and irregularity is the everyday ailments they are unavoidable. Learn these tips below which will help you to overcome the digestion problem. Making a healthy lifestyle food choice is the first step to good digestive health.
Eating a high-fiber diet will help keep food moving through your digestion tract. The common digestive issues such as IBS helps lose weight naturally, lowers cholesterol and constipation can be prevented if you consume this food.
Drinking plenty amount of water is necessary to prevent dehydration and cleanse your body. Water helps things move efficiently, dissolves fiber and fats in your body system. Implementing a ten-day water diet is a natural way to remove toxins that may be in your body system, dispose of accumulation of waste and promote a healthier digestive system.
This is healthy bacteria that are found in your digestive tract. Adding more to your diet through supplements and food will help

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.04865
Retrieved Text: Smoothies have become a way of life for health enthusiasts, as these are loaded with a wide variety of essential nutrients. However, you will be surprised to know that not all smoothies are acceptable as per the tenets and principles of Ayurveda. Only some select smoothies are considered good for human health, as per the principles of Ayurveda. These are the ones that are used for Ayurvedic treatment. It is important to note that Ayurveda is not against smoothies; rather, it’s only against certain types of smoothies that do not meet the requirements of Ayurvedic principles.
It is often thought that we are what we eat. This may be true to some extent, but it would be more appropriate if we rephrase it to “we are what we can digest”. This is exactly why Ayurveda does not accept all types of smoothies. The ingredients used in the most common smoothie preparations are often incompatible with each other, which is why they may not be digested properly in the body. Foods that you can’t digest will just pass through the digestive system without providing anysignificant health benefits. Moreover, if the undigested food is not removed properly from the body due to disorders such as constipation, it may lead to other health issues. Here are some key reasons why Ayurveda does not recommend all types of smoothies.
Cold foods hamper digestion: Frozen fruits, milk and yogurt are often used to prepare smoothies. As per Ayurveda, cold foods are not suitable for the digestive system. Cold foods hamper the functioning of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.028114
Retrieved Text: Say goodbye to pill-popping. We put everything in a single daily capsule.
We engineer our capsules to pack a punch. There's no wasted space or artificial fillers. So each ingredient in your personalized capsule is there to give your body exactly what it needs, and help it maintain the perfect balance.
Say goodbye to countless pills, wasted money, and redundant supplements.
Our ingredients include a selection of the highest quality nutrients, combined specifically for you.
Our supplements include a selection of the highest quality nutrients, combined specifically for you.
This useful organ helps you win imaginary arguments in the shower in 1/10,000th of a second. The functioning of your brain for cognition, memory and control over your nervous system, depends on the health of a complex system of blood vessels and billions of nerve cells. The brain thrives off healthy carbs and fats and loves nutrients that keep its blood vessels strong.
Some of our favourite brain nutrients: Omega-3, L- Methylfolate, and, Vitamin E.
Maybe you’re born with it… maybe it’s a combination of youth-boosting vitamins and minerals. All part of the body's integumentary system, tasked with protecting you from infection, and helpfully showing outward signs of nutrient deficiencies… how nice! Collagen boosting and cell strengthening is the game plan for healthy locks, plump skin, and nails strong enough to peel off the stubbornest of stickers.
Some of our favourite hair, skin and nail nutrients: Biotin, Zinc, and, Vitamin C.
This small but mighty muscle is responsible for helping pump all of these nutrients around your body, high fives! Give your heart a nutritional high

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.021217
Retrieved Text: In 2002, I stopped eating.
Forget pizza and beer, calzones and cigarettes. I had more bad habits than good ones, and so I quit everything right there—just like that.
I began this new, healthy chapter of my life with a 5-day juice feast.
I had no idea what I was doing, but since I was starting at zero (in terms of health and nutrition), I could only really go up. So I drank carrot juice, orange juice, watermelon, cucumber juice—anything I could find. Some of it was fresh, most of it was in bottles, boxes or even cans (gross, I know).
I don’t do cleanses that way anymore (today, we teach low-glycemic, green cleanses), but it was good enough to get me started. And I got started indeed.
When I started eating solids again at the end of the week, I ate only raw foods and ended up living exclusively on plant-based, uncooked meals for the better part of two years.
In my case, “raw foods” meant nuts, seeds, fruits, vegetables, and nothing else.
Lucky for me, I really like plants, but as you can imagine, eating this way became a lifestyle and turned my world upside down.
I dropped 41 lbs in 6 weeks, my clothes hung from my lean frame like laundry on the line, and I had this crazed look in my eyes of someone who just discovered a huge secret… and I had.
Wanna hear it? Food is the most powerful drug on this planet.
Eat the good stuff, and like a German diesel engine, your body will perform like a champ

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.012
Retrieved Text: Sixty to seventy million people in the U.S. are affected by digestive disorders each year, adding to higher medical costs. Over the counter and prescription digestive aids are big sellers for those seeking relief from stomach bloating and upset, gas and irregular bowel activity (from constipation to diarrhea).
Everyone has experienced digestive disorders at some time or another. It's typically a sign that food is not being properly digested. And if food isn't digested, you don't get the nutrients the food is supposed to provide.
A primary contributor to the digestive problems is the quality and type of food being eaten. Eating too much meat, cooked and processed foods, and artificial ingredients puts a burden on your digestive system. Maybe you've already tried diet changes to deal with less-than-optimal digestion. You eat plenty of fiber, drink enough water, and consume lots of fresh, raw vegetables. Yet something still isn't working as well as it can.
At the heart of the problem is a lack of adequate digestive enzymes, which the body normally provides during the digestive process to break down food into material that nourishes and rebuilds the body. Digestive enzymes are secreted by the body during the digestive process starting in the mouth by the salivary glands, in the stomach secreted by cells lining the stomach, in the pancreatic juice secreted by the pancreas, and in secretions by the small and large intestine.
Not chewing your food enough. Too often food is gulped down with a few bites not allowing enzymes in saliva to mix with the food. Digestion

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.963017
Retrieved Text: The liver is one of the most important organs in the human body. Although the primary function of the liver in the human body is to filter and detoxify the blood, it has other roles as well. Theliver also manufactures critical hormones and proteins, produces bile for the digestive system and stores certain nutrients.
Human physiology allows potentially toxic substances to be absorbed in a variety of methods. After toxins enter the blood, it is the liver’s job to remove them. It might modify the substances into a safer form or one that is more easily removed from the body. This process of changing, or metabolizing, allows the body to utilize drugs and medications, but it also places the liver at risk in the event of certain overdoses.
Albumin is a protein in blood plasma that helps regulate the amount of blood in the body. This protein is needed to carry many nutrients, such as calcium, and certain drugs, including warfarin, to their destinations. The liver in the human body is the organ responsible for producing the albumin that is needed. Agents that allow the blood to clot, the hormone that controls bone marrow platelet growth and hormones that are used to convert sugars into fats are also produced by the liver in the human body.
Among the systems of the human body, the digestive system is the one that makes the greatest demands of the liver. Bile is produced by the liver, and without it, fats could not be digested and nutrients could not be absorbed. The liver

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.865177
Retrieved Text: Good digestion is the foundation of good health. The digestive system is the most important system of the body because it is responsible for absorbing the nutrients we need to stay alive as well as removing wastes from our body. If our bodies can't do these essential functions, then we are not in optimal health.
Our digestive tract does much more than digestion. It is directly involved in our immune system, hormonal balance and nervous system. Therefore it is essential to ensure that the digestion is functioning properly.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.731754
Retrieved Text: The Circulatory system is a system that circles blood around the body and to give nutrients to the body cells,then after the blood goes around the body it will soon circle around back to the heart. Part's: Heart,blood, arteries, veins.
The Respiratory system is a system that breathe's in oxygen and carbine dioxide out. The Respiratory system is like a co worker with the circulatory system. Part's: Lung's, sinus, cavity, trachea, bronchial tubes, air sac's, and diaphrams.
The Digestive system is a system that breaks down the food so that the nutrients can go to each body cell and cells.Not only it does that it also works with the circulatory system so that the blood can circulate to each cell and give them nutrients. Parts:teeth tongue epegoges.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 32.712685
Retrieved Text: The digestive function is a very complicated process and if we are lacking in enzymes, this further complicates the process. Enzymes are responsible for carrying out virtually every metabolic function in our bodies; there are very delicate nutrients. We have about three thousand unique enzymes in our bodies that are involved in over seven thousand enzymatic reactions. Without enzymes we would cease to function. Some of these enzymes play a vital role in our digestive health.
Bee Pollen– is considered to be one of nature’s most complete foods. It contains nearly all the nutrients needed by humans and has a wide range of beneficial enzymes, such as amylase, catalase, cozymase, cytochrome, dehydrogenase, diaphorase, diastase, pectase and phosphatase. Bee pollen can be consumed in oatmeal, superfood snacks and smoothies. It has been known to cause allergic type reactions, so be aware of this when using bee pollen for the first time. Fermented Vegetables– are an excellent dietary source of many nutrients, including live enzymes that effectively improve the digestive process.
Fermented vegetables go great with any meal as a side dish or they can be eaten on their own. The fermentation of Sauerkraut, and Kimchi was developed centuries ago as a way of preserving vegetables for consumption through the winter months.
Papaya-papain is one of the proteolytic enzymes found in the Papaya fruit. This enzyme is a great aid in the digestive process. Papain has been said to be one of the most effective enzymes in breaking down meat and other proteins. Papain breaks down the proteins into amino acids

########
Rank: 28
Score: 32.695446
Retrieved Text: Ice cold water may be great and refreshing, but it is definitely bad for you. So, next time you eat out, hold the urge to order a glass of cold water. In this article we give you a thorough explanation regarding this common habit.
Here is a nice example. Imagine yourself diving into a defrosted mountain lake. What happens to your body and skin. How does it feel?
Even though temperatures indicate that spring is coming, but the water will sure be freezing.
Warm water opens pores and your skin becomes loose and soft. Cold water has the opposite effect. It seals your pores and your skin shrinks. This is exactly what cold water does to your digestive tract.
-- Ice cold water chills your digestive tract and constricts the blood vessels in it. Your digestive system ends up all restricted and dehydrated.
-- Human body needs more energy to regulate its inner temperature, so make sure if you really need that glass of iced water. In this way your digestive tract lacks energy and fails to digest food and extract nutrients properly, not to mention the excessive water loss.
-- If you drink a glass of cold water after your meals, your body will start producing excess mucus. Your immune system fails to carry its regular function, so you are likely to catch a cold or develop any severe health condition.
-- Combine cold water or soda with your meals will increase your body weight. Wonder why? Your body cannot process excess fats, and they end up in your tissues and organs.
--

########
Rank: 29
Score: 32.69451
Retrieved Text: A quick look at what juicing is, its benefits and drawbacks, the best fruits and vegetables to juice, and the best juicers in the market.
For the past 86 years, juicing has been one of the most popular methods used to eliminate harmful toxins in your body and make you feel rejuvenated on the inside. It dates back to the 1930s when Norman Walker created the first hydraulic juicer, known as the Norman Juicing Press.
Juicing involves extracting the nutrients and water found in raw fruits and vegetables, and discarding all of the fiber. Without having to spend energy digesting the fiber, your body is able to absorb these nutrients quicker. If you’re not a fan of eating fruits and vegetables, juicing is a quick, easy and efficient way to obtain the nutrients your body needs to stay healthy.
The main difference between juicing and eating raw fruits and vegetables is fiber. When you eat raw fruits and vegetables, your digestive system takes a longer time to digest them due to their fiber content. This helps satisfy your hunger for a longer period of time and helps better control your blood sugar levels.
When you juice you lose out on the fiber content found in fruits and vegetables, and this lack of protein can lead to an increased appetite and spikes in blood sugar. Juicing, however, does “digest” the food for you and gives your digestive system a break from working hard to process large meals.
Much like eating raw fruits and vegetables, the main difference between juicing and blending is

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What does the digestive system break into nutrients for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- fats
 - paper
 - lipids
 - meat
 - apples
 - corn
 - music
 - the colon

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and meat is a nutrient-dense food, choose the best answer.

Target Text: meat

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.4423
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.68739
Retrieved Text: The digestive system, or gastrointestinal track (GIT), is a specialized group of organs in the body that is responsible for turning food and fluids into sources of energy and nutrients to help the... An optimally functioning digestive system requires all of its parts to be healthy and working properly, and by doing everything possible to make this happen, you can assure you are getting the most from your food. In this article, I will break down digestion from start to finish and look at the variables that impact this process.
Choose healthy foods and foods that would help out with all the other systems in your body. You know, that's the purpose of the digestive system is to supply all the other sys … tems with the... Your digestive system is critical to managing your weight, maintaining healthy energy levels and even maintaining your overall health. When working correctly, the body absorbs essential nutrients to keep your body running properly through digestion.
When you have a healthy digestive system, what you consume is properly digested, and then the beneficial nutrients are immersed into the bloodstream via the small intestine. Nutrient absorption gets a boost when a healthy intestinal lining provides a large surface for absorption. how to keep fruit fresh in hot weather When your digestive system is not working properly, the rest of your body suffers. Digestive problems interfere with normal nutrient absorption. Every system of the body needs ample nutrients to function properly.
Some of the Conditions that can effect the Digestive System. Due to overcooked, highly

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.306263
Retrieved Text: Information on probiotics and prebiotics are topics that often appear in scientific literature in correlation with maintaining the health of the digestive system. There are many natural ways to supplement these substances in the body. There are also dietary supplements that provide medicinal probiotics and prebiotics. However, only some of them contain a full set of digestive enzymes, which are very important for the complete assimilation of all nutrients and for the proper course of the digestive process.
For the secretion of digestive enzymes, the pancreas is responsible, a small glandular organ that is located near the stomach. The pancreas provides enzymes to digestion of proteins, carbohydrates and fats to the small intestine, and also produces hormones that regulate blood glucose levels – including insulin.
The digestive enzymes break down the food into the smallest particles so that they can be absorbed by the lining of the small intestine, which is very thin – it consists of only one cell layer. Then the nutrients are transferred to the individual cells of the body, through the complicated system of blood vessels that surround the intestines.
Protein digesting enzymes (proteases) break down proteins into smaller particles, which then turn into single amino acids to be absorbed by the lining of the digestive tract. Proteins are necessary for muscle building as well as for cell regeneration.
Enzymes that digest carbohydrates (carbohydrases) break down large molecules called polysaccharides into simple sugars that pass through the lining of the digestive tract. Cellular energy, brain energy and muscle energy are produced from sugars. Sugars are also

########
Rank: 3
Score: 38.375984
Retrieved Text: Does Isagenix work? To answer that question we must first understand how the digestive system works, because that's where many health problems begin. Improper digestion creates a host of health issues that range from irritable bowel syndrome to colon cancer.
People today are more sedentary than they used to be, and as a result are putting on more weight. Lack of physical activity coupled with poor diet is contributing to an astonishing level of obesity in the United States. Almost 60% of Americans are overweight or obese.
Being overweight has a much bigger impact on the body than many realize. Dietary choices affect weight, the digestive system, propensity to develop chronic disease, and energy levels. Too much fat in your system prevents your body from processing nutrients properly, resulting in a host of problems ranging from malabsorption to skin conditions.
So when you ask, "Does Isagenix work?" you're actually asking if it's beneficial for weight loss and digestive system cleansing. It's in the colon many of the problems begin, and Isagenix works to bring those problems to an end. Too much dietary fat, lack of essential vitamins and minerals, and environmental toxins meet in the colon and the result can be a host of uncomfortable and even painful problems.
When you do not digest food properly it means the body is not absorbing the nutrients it needs for good health. The intestines are lined with villi which are little tubes used to pull the necessary food byproducts into the system. From there, the nutrients are used by the organs, muscles,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.21798
Retrieved Text: Your digestive system plays a major role in the overall health of your body. That’s because your digestive system is responsible for absorbing the nutrients the other organs in your body need to function. If you aren’t able to digest and absorb nutrients properly, it can interfere with a variety of other important health factors.
Good health relies on your body’s ability to use the vitamins, minerals, proteins, and essential fatty acids in the food and supplements you ingest. In order for your body to absorb the nutrients it needs, in must have a sufficient amount of stomach acid and enzymes.
Your body produces digestive enzymes of its own to help break down the food you eat. Important digestive enzymes are also present in raw vegetables and fruits. However, when these foods are cooked, the enzymes are destroyed. Not eating enough raw veggies and fruits can deplete your body’s natural production of enzymes.
Enzymes are involved in every process within your body. Without sufficient enzymes, your body cannot break down the food you eat or withdraw the nutrients it needs to maintain good health. Thus, a depletion of enzymes leads to a depletion of health.
Undigested food can also become a fuel source for harmful microorganisms like bacteria, yeast, and parasites. Over time, these dangerous microorganisms can cause a variety of serious health problems if left untreated.
Poor digestion can also be the result of dysbiosis, which is when the level of healthy organisms within your intestinal tract becomes imbalanced.
Dysbiosis can be caused by invasive yeast, bacterial overgrowth, or parasitic infections.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 37.847424
Retrieved Text: Home/Basic Science/What Happens If You Swallow Gum?
That’s a very smart question. What really happens when we swallow a gum by mistake? Well, our parents always remind us to not forget to throw bubble gum right after chewing. Right? But what if we swallow it mistakenly? Gum passes through our body just like food does but it doesn’t get completely digested like food. The stomach can’t dissolve gum because of its chemical properties. Eventually you will poop it out but still, experts believe that gum shouldn’t be swallowed as it does not have any nutritional value or person who swallows gum a lot has to suffer too.
1 Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
2.1 What Happes In Your Body When You Swallow Gum?
2.2 Can You Swallow Gum?
Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
We’ve all heard the story that if you swallow you gum it will stay in your stomach for 7 years. Or you may have also been told that it will grow into a plant in your stomach. It may seem so irrational to you but you may have heard it. But is that true? Let’s find out.
When you normally eat food three processes in your body take place to convert that food into fuel that your body needs.
The first is chewing. Your teeth and tongue work together to break down the food you eat. The process breaks it down into smaller and smaller pieces to help it get digested better and easily.
Saliva then covers those pieces delivering enzymes present

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.499054
Retrieved Text: Tag Archives: Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Posted on August 3, 2018 | Comments Off on Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Essential for whole body wellness, a properly working digestive system allows food to be broken down into small, usable molecules for complete nutrient absorption without intestinal discomfort. Proteins break down into amino acids that are utilized to build, repair and replace bodily tissues. Fats subdivide into fatty acids and glycerol, catalyzing reactions that control growth, immune function, reproduction, energy storage, insulation, vital organ protection, and various aspects of basic metabolism. Carbohydrates disassemble into simple sugars to provide glucose, the body’s main cellular energy source. Fiber is a complex carbohydrate that does not convert into glucose. Instead, undigestible fibers keep the digestive tract operating smoothly, supporting proper waste elimination.
Scientific research has established that implementation of healthy diet, proper sleep and exercise supports improved health, promotes a healthy weight and discourages chronic disease. An efficiently run digestive system supports energy production, immunity, proper bodily functions, and overall wellness. By some estimates, more than 100 million Americans appear to struggle with indigestion that can result in uncomfortable symptoms such as bloating, gas, abdominal pain and problems with elimination. For some, this can be a sign of a serious underlying medical condition including Crohn’s disease, celiac disease or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI). For many others, low-grade inflammation, infections, allergies, dysbiosis, food intolerances, poor diet or normal aging may lead to improper digestion of food and poor absorption of nutrients.
Even

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.462917
Retrieved Text: Digestive Enzymes Supplements May Help Digest The Holidays!
With the Holidays upon us, we tend to eat more rich foods, drink more alcohol and indulge in sweets, candies and desserts. Digestive enzymes may be very helpful in our digestive processes and reward us with a healthier, better feeling tummy!
Digestive enzymes are absolutely essential to life. They digest our foods and then send the nourishing ingredients to the bloodstream to feed the organs, glands, cells and tissues as well as the brain. Many scientists believe that most lifestyle and degenerative diseases, and even aging are simply the lack of a continued and adequate supply of the necessary nutrients required to keep all of the body’s systems working properly.
Your body produces different digestive enzymes that it uses to break down the food that you eat. You may be eating healthy, but if your digestive enzymes aren’t getting those nutrients to your bloodstream, organs and cells, then you aren’t receiving all the benefits of that healthy diet. And those nutrients are what keep all of your systems, particularly your immune system, strong and healthy. As you are eating your food the digestive enzymes in your body are excreted from the glands in your mouth called the salivary glands, as well as the digestive enzymes that are found in your stomach. The small intestine in your body helps to move the digestive process along by allowing each of the digestive enzymes to work on specific foods.
Pepsin- breaks down proteins into peptides.
Lipase- breaks down fats found in most dairy products, nuts, oils,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.103672
Retrieved Text: All health really does begin in your gut. Your digestive system is more than just the place you break down food and absorb nutrients. Your digestive system is home to 70% of all your immune system cells and 90% of your total serotonin production and storage, giving it a vital role to play in total mind-body health & wellness.
Poor digestive health may be affecting more than just your digestion and impacting your overall health in profound ways. Dr. Carly Wendler, a local experienced ND will take through the food choices, lifestyle factors, and supplements required for optimal gut function and health.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.70411
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.140293
Retrieved Text: An easy and effective way to deliver nutrients to your body!
12 health-promoting products to choose from!
Our patches are coated with unique formulas of nutrients, each targeting a different health or wellness concern, from bone health to fatigue to sexual performance. When the patches are adhered to the skin, body heat activates the nutrients, which then travel through the skin into the bloodstream for immediate use by the body.
When you take a nutritional supplement in pill form, the nutrients and mineral first travel to your stomach, where strong digestive acids break them down. As a result of this digestive process, only a small fraction of the original nutrient dose survives and enters the bloodstream for availability to the body. That’s why your supplement pills will often contain up to 3000 times the daily dose of the vitamin or mineral. Patches bypass the harsh digestive process and are absorbed directly into the bloodstream, so your body receives the full supplement dose.
Digestion takes time. It sometimes takes up to four hours for supplements taken orally to pass through the stomach and become available for use by the body. By contrast, absorption by the skin is immediate. As soon as the patch is adhered to your skin, nutrients and minerals are absorbed into the bloodstream and are ready for action. Moreover, the entire dose is not absorbed all at once. It continues to travel into the body over a period of time, so you get small fresh doses of the supplement throughout the day.
Patches are simply less of a pain!
Taking

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.03794
Retrieved Text: A lack of stomach acid production is one of the main reasons why so many people find weight-loss to be such an arduous task. When someone lacks stomach acid, they're likely to suffer from a sub-optimal metabolism, struggle with blood sugar regulation issues, experience cravings, energy lows and sleep problems, and encounter a variety of other issues. All of these responses make it extremely difficult for someone with a lack of stomach acid to make the lifestyle shifts necessary to lose weight. Furthermore, while poor stomach acid production is a very common problem, it's often overlooked by many healthcare practitioners. Addressing low levels of stomach acid can make a world of difference when it comes to facilitating weight-loss and cultivating a powerful and healthy body.
1 - What is stomach acid?
The stomach produces stomach acid to help break down and absorb the food we consume. Stomach acid activates important enzymes required for the digestive process and ensures optimal absorption of any nutrients, including proteins, vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. By helping everything get broken down properly, stomach acid also helps fight against the proliferation of bacteria in the stomach and gut – keeping us further balanced. An appropriate level of stomach acid is critical to a properly-functioning physiology and absolutely essential to regulating our body weight and promoting fat-loss.
All of these symptoms are good indicators that the body lacks stomach acid. Although many of these symptoms may be considered "normal" because they're experienced so often by so many people, their prevalence should by no means suggest they're normal.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 35.63093
Retrieved Text: Home / Probiotics Supplements / #1 Probiotic Supplement – All Natural Formula Promotes Optimal Health for Women, Men, and Kids. Improve Immune System Function, Colon Health, and Digestion! Safe Formula with Lactobacillus, Acidophilus, and Billions of Live Cultures and Intestinal Flora in Every Serving. Number One Nutrition Advanced Probiotics are 100% Vegetarian with No Known Side Effects! Experience Dramatically Improved Health or 200% Money Back Guarantee !
Being healthy and happy about your body is a matter of choice. What are Probiotics? Probiotics are good bacteria who perform a very important role in our digestive, methabolic and immune systems. They produce enzymes that break down the food we eat, regulate vitamins intake and convert sugars to the essencials nutrients our bodies need. THIS IS HOW #1 PROBIOTICS MAY HELP YOU • Drastically Improve your Digestive Health. • Balance Your Intestinal Flora. • Improve your Mood. • Break Down allergy causing proteins. • Accelerate your fat loss. MORE THAN JUST DIGESTIVE Improvement! Did you know that the GI tract is responsible for 80% of the immune system health? When we improve the digestive function we are also giving a great BOOST to the IMMUNE SYSTEM. Fighting off the bad bacteria present in the GI tract will also help the body to fight off INFECTIONS. Bringing balance to the Intestinal Flora will also alleviate digestive discomfort, inflamation and BLOATING. We’re certain that you’ll love the way you feel when you incorporate #1 Probiotic into your diet. And if you don’t, we’ll refund your moneyat any time. It’s that simple.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 35.62189
Retrieved Text: How long will my order take to deliver? Delivery will take up to 7 days once proof of payment has been received.
Why juice? Many people suffer from digestive imbalances, which not only reduces the body’s ability to absorb essential nutrients but also results in decreased immunity. 75% of the immune system is located in the digestive system. Cold pressed Juices have very few fibers and require minimal digestion as the body absorbs the nutrients immediately. Juicing allows you to consume a wide variety of fresh produce. The health benefits are astonishing! Fruit and vegetables are packed with an abundant array of nutrients. The alkalizing effects they have on our bodies are beautiful and studies have shown that when people fall ill their body is acidic. In fact, when the bodies PH balance is too acidic you are at an elevated risk of heart disease, arthritis, cancer, diabetes, and many other diseases. Just by juicing, you create an alkalizing state that improves your energy, digestion, mental clarity, clear skin, and an overall healthy body.
Is Skinny Juice Organic? Our Cold Pressed Juice is mostly organic where possible. We have teamed up with Organic farms in and around Cape Town to supply us with only the best fruits and veggies available. Organic produce is still very limited in terms of variety but hopefully as the Organic market grows so we will be able to offer fully organic juices.
Can my kids drink Skinny Juice? Most definitely! Each flavour is engineered to taste incredible so that everyone can enjoy them. We

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.56972
Retrieved Text: Collagen has long been known for its age-defying effects on our skin, hair, and nails. Research has also found that it has a positive effect on our joints and muscles. Its use may even extend to providing temporary relief from occasional pain, inflammation and digestive health.
Collagen is a naturally occurring compound that makes up 30% of our body’s protein. Collagen has three primary types: Type I, Type II, and Type III. For intestinal and gastric health, all three are beneficial. Collagen contains the amino acid glycine, which protects the intestinal integrity and soothes inflammation. Glycine also supports liver and kidney function, aids in detoxification, and promotes the production of bile that helps to remove waste from the body. Usually collagen is extracted from animal products, but it is possible to supplement with plant based collagen, which has shown to be as effective as animal-based options.
Collagen works as a prebiotic for the healthy bacteria that are tasked with breaking down the amino acids in collagen. When broken down, these bacteria use amino acids for energy and growth. For people on a low carb or no carb diet, it is important to incorporate collagen in your daily diet. Typically, bacteria use carbohydrates for energy, but without a source of carbohydrates, bacterial quality can diminish.
When talking about the break down of collagen, it is important to understand that collagen is not broken down by bacteria. This has led to some confusion as collagen contains a strong triple helix form that would normally make it resistant to break down without

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.525043
Retrieved Text: Cystic Fibrosis or CF is an inherited genetic disease that mainly affects the lungs and digestive systems. CF causes the mucus that normally coats and protects the lungs and digestive system to become thick and sticky.
The mucus causes coughing and trouble breathing. It often causes lung infections because microbes get stuck in the mucus. These infections can cause damage to the lungs that gets worse over time.
The mucus can clog up an organ called the pancreas. The pancreas secretes substances that help digest food in the intestines. Without these substances, the body can’t break down food to be used as nutrients. When these substances can’t reach the intestines, it results in exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI) .
The problem in EPI is often thought to be the blockage of pancreatic ducts that secrete digestive substances called pancreatic enzymes pancreatic enzymes .
Pancreatic enzymes help break down food into nutrients in the duodenum duodenum after the food has been partially digested in the stomach. The intestines then absorb the nutrients into the body where they are used as energy.
However, other substances that aid in digestion are also disrupted in EPI. Another important substance is bicarbonate bicarbonate .
Bicarbonate helps pancreatic enzymes work efficiently to digest food in the duodenum.
Without the digestive action of pancreatic enzymes and the aid of bicarbonate (as well as other digestive substances), people with EPI can’t get enough nutrition from the food they eat. As a result, they have trouble growing or maintaining a healthy weight. They may also have symptoms like gas, bloating, and having lots

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.43537
Retrieved Text: We’re familiar with this saying because our moms would always so graciously interject it whilst we gobbled down a sleeve of cookies and half a bag of chips. While it’s easy to shrug off, I challenge you to really ponder what this means. We’ve all pictured something similar to the below illustration, but think of this beyond just its idiomatic qualities.
If you eat an apple, your body continues to break down that apple into itty bitty pieces until it has stuff it can utilize. Those tiny apple particles become a part of your body, used for any number of things. You are now one-bajillionth apple (that’s not an actual statistic – don’t quote me). If you follow up your apple with some Cheetos, you become one-bajillionth artificial flavoring (again, do not take my word as science. I’m just illustrating a point here). What goes into your body eventually becomes part of your body, as it is with all living creatures.
Now if you picture the less-than stellar ingredient deck of Cheetos1, compare that even still to the ingredient deck of heat-extruded, commercial pet food. Not good. Our pets are slowly becoming equal parts corn, meat and bone meal, and artificial flavor packs.
Given this, it’s no wonder we see so many issues with the gastrointestinal system. Whether it takes the form of horrible gas, soft stool, a gurgley gut, or vomiting, many of our pets deal with digestive issues. Nourishment affects the entire body, especially the GI system, which includes all the organs shown below.
Scavenger Carnivores: meat-based eaters

########
Rank: 17
Score: 34.96961
Retrieved Text: Digestion doesn’t just take place in your stomach. The pancreas produces a large portion of your digestive enzymes, as do the small intestine, stomach lining, liver, and salivary glands1 (digestion begins in the mouth). But these enzymes do not digest food - they digest nutrients.
You can eat all the healthy food in the world, but if you can’t absorb it, not even the healthiest of diets will do any good. However, our bodies can only digest what it’s given. High-fiber foods such as fruits and vegetables contain enzymes of their own that work with digestive enzymes to break down foods faster and allow your body to access nutrients quickly for cell reparation and growth.4 This is another good reason for eating plenty of fruits and vegetables.
Maintaining a healthy diet and sometimes taking digestive enzyme supplements can be helpful for dealing with digestive symptoms.
Schedule a Discovery Call here to discuss your digestive problems.
1 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health- information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
2 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health- information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
3 Wallace M. The Digestive System & How it Works. National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. September 2013. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/digestive-diseases/digestive-system-how-it-works. Accessed May 17, 2017.
4 Tweed V. Top 10 Digestive Enzymes. Better Nutrition. http://www.betternutrition.com/enzyematichealth/. Published December 6, 2016. Accessed May 17, 2017.
6 Tweed V. Top 10 Digestive Enzymes. Better Nutrition. http://www.betternutrition.com/enzyematichealth/. Published

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.823162
Retrieved Text: New Updated Formula. Now each tablet contains a HUGE 14000mg of Milk Thistle extract, as well as a generous 1300mg of Health Worlds Patented Turmeric extract BCM-95. Wow, Thanks Healthworld.
Protect cells from oxidative damage.
Adults. To maintain healthy liver function: Take 1 tablet daily.
To support detoxification: Take 2 tablets daily, or as directed by a healthcare professional.
This is what Ethical Nutrients have to say about "Spring Clean with the 3-D's of Good Health and Energy.
There is a lot of truth in the old saying 'you are what you eat'. Just think about how lousy you can feel, mentally and physically, after eating just one unhealthy meal! If you continue to eat poorly this can really leave you feeling tired and unhealthy. Multiple days of eating refined, processed, fast foods can have a significant impact on energy levels. This month we want to take a look at how what you eat affects your health and energy levels. We will also look at the importance of digestion and detoxification for maintaining your health and energy.
Diet, digestion and detoxification are 'The 3-D's of Good Health and Energy'. If any of these three key contributors to health are not in tip-top condition it can reduce your energy and stop you feeling healthy and vital.
Food is your body's fuel - it gives you the energy and essential nutrients to function properly. You wouldn't consider putting the wrong fuel into your car as it would cause short-term issues with performance and could lead to long-term engine problems. Your body and your car are

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.758682
Retrieved Text: Probiotics are śgood bacteria," living microorganisms projecting health benefits for their host”namely, digestive systems. They're quantified by the number of colony forming units (CFUs), a term that describes the probiotic's ability to reproduce. The higher the CFU, the better the effect of the probiotic on the body.
Enzymes work to break down nutrients. Some molecules are harder to break down for dogs & cats (for instance, the cellulose found in plant-based foods). Digestive enzymes break down large molecules into smaller, more usable pieces that can be utilized effectively by the digestive tract. Microflora Plus contains digestive enzymes that are specifically geared towards a carnivore™s needs, including elevated levels of amylase and cellulase.
For animal use only. This product is intended for intermittent or supplemental feeding only. Safe use in pregnant animals or animals intended for breeding has not been proven. If animal™s condition worsens or does not improve, stop product administration and consult your veterinarian.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.442608
Retrieved Text: Smoothies have become a way of life for health enthusiasts, as these are loaded with a wide variety of essential nutrients. However, you will be surprised to know that not all smoothies are acceptable as per the tenets and principles of Ayurveda. Only some select smoothies are considered good for human health, as per the principles of Ayurveda. These are the ones that are used for Ayurvedic treatment. It is important to note that Ayurveda is not against smoothies; rather, it’s only against certain types of smoothies that do not meet the requirements of Ayurvedic principles.
It is often thought that we are what we eat. This may be true to some extent, but it would be more appropriate if we rephrase it to “we are what we can digest”. This is exactly why Ayurveda does not accept all types of smoothies. The ingredients used in the most common smoothie preparations are often incompatible with each other, which is why they may not be digested properly in the body. Foods that you can’t digest will just pass through the digestive system without providing anysignificant health benefits. Moreover, if the undigested food is not removed properly from the body due to disorders such as constipation, it may lead to other health issues. Here are some key reasons why Ayurveda does not recommend all types of smoothies.
Cold foods hamper digestion: Frozen fruits, milk and yogurt are often used to prepare smoothies. As per Ayurveda, cold foods are not suitable for the digestive system. Cold foods hamper the functioning of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.35373
Retrieved Text: Why should you see a nutritionist?
Do you suffer from unexplained symptoms that cannot be connected to any sort of cause that the doctor can find? Have you been sent for test after test only to be left with no answers and still suffer from symptoms such as indigestion, diarrhea, constipation, allergies, fatigue, aches and pains ect? Did you know that those symptoms are the way the body tells you that you are not absorbing your nutrients?
Our digestive system is a very complex system that is nothing short of miraculous if you stop to think about it. Each time you eat, the food you put into your mouth moves down into your stomach where digestive juices are secreted from the walls of your stomach to break down that food into small particles to be moved into your small intestines where it absorbs the vitamins and minerals from the food, that eventually go into your bloodstream and feed every cell in your body. Over the years, the foods that our great grandmothers used to make for their families have changed. Our foods now come from boxes filled with ingredients that are often not ingredients at all but chemicals to extend the shelf life of the food like substances. If the food we are giving our bodies does not have the nutrients our it needs, our organs are then not properly nourished and unable to do the many jobs they were intended to do such as filter out toxins. If toxins are unable to leave the body, then they

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.317963
Retrieved Text: What if I told you that a class of supplements exist that can help you build muscle, feel & perform better and fight bloating? You’d consider using them right? Well that’s why I formulated The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes.
As we eat food, our body begins to digest and break down what we ate so that it can extract the nutrients from the meal. The chicken breast you ate contains amino acids that your body needs to break down and the olive oil on your salad contains fatty acids that your body needs to absorb to form cholesterol. As we chew we naturally produce more saliva which is actually the first step in the digestive process.
Once we swallow, our body produces digestive enzymes from our pancreas and small intestine who’s job it is to break down the food so our bodies can absorb the nutrients.
Now the obvious question is why we need to supplement with digestive enzymes to begin, right?
Well a variety of common issues today can result in decreased enzyme function.
*Decreased stomach acid due to stress, poor diet habits or an overall unhealthy environment. Luckily The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes include betaine HCL to rebuild your stomach acid.
*Aging generally causes lowered digestive ability.
*Overtraining/stress. Any activity such as training or living a stressful lifestyle can impair digestive health by keeping your sympathetic nervous system turned “on” and causing your “parasympathetic” relaxation system to stay “off”.
Since we normally see more parasympathetic activity during digestion, it’s an issue when we can’t turn our parasympathetic system on as we are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.279636
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestion is the cornerstone of health. Any health concern you are dealing with will be helped by strengthening your digestion.
I often hear people complain about gas, boating, constipation- but other symptoms that may seem are unrealted to digestion are also symptoms that the digestive system needs work such as hormone imbalances, any skin issue, and low energy.
Even if you are eating organic, whole food- you may not be actually absorbing and utilizing all of the incredible nutrition it has to offer if you if our digestion is not working as it should.
Learn more about how to eat for optimal health and digestion here.
The state we are eating in is what determines HOW our body uses the food we are eating. You could be eating the healthiest food in the world, but if you are angry, sad, rushed etc., your body will assimilate that in a toxic way- which slows metabolism and stores fat.
Set aside time for each meal- and allow your attention to be just on that- your meal. Your body needs to be focused on food and in relaxation response to begin the digestive process.
Take 5 deep breathes before each meal. This puts your body into relaxation response and allows for digestion to begin.
Really focus on the tastes and sensations of the food. Chew until liquid. When we do not chew our food well, our digestive system has to work so hard at breaking down the large pieces- leading to constipation, bloated, and low energy.
Go for a short walk after each meal to help

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.25307
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Info / Education / Are Enzymes the Secret to Health?
There are approximately 1,300 enzymes in the human cell. Each enzyme only reacts with a specific type of substance, so it won’t cause chemical reactions where it shouldn’t. The flip side to that coin is, if you have an absence of or issue with an enzyme, nothing else can readily step in and perform its function.
Enzymes are pretty impressive in that they make some processes happen millions of times faster. An extraordinary example of this is OMP decarboxylase—in your body, a reaction that would take 78 million years, when you add this enzyme, takes 18 milliseconds! Crazy, right?
So enzymes are absolutely crucial to our health. Insufficient enzyme production is at the root of many health issues and chronic conditions. In fact, a number of inherited diseases are due to a lack of a particular enzyme.
Metabolic enzymes are produced in the body and are used to keep our tissues, blood, and organs healthy. They take the nutrients from the food we eat and use them to generate new cells, heal existing cells, expel toxins, and aid in energy production. They build nutrients into muscles, nerves, bones, blood, lungs, and various glands.
Metabolic enzymes are vital in operating your cardiac, circulatory, endocrine, hepatic, lymphatic, neurologic, renal, and reproductive systems, as well as sustaining your bones, joints, muscles, skin, and other tissues. Every single one of the 100 trillion cells in your body depend on these enzymes.
Enzyme production declines with age. Ah, the joys of aging—is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.954082
Retrieved Text: Ice cold water may be great and refreshing, but it is definitely bad for you. So, next time you eat out, hold the urge to order a glass of cold water. In this article we give you a thorough explanation regarding this common habit.
Here is a nice example. Imagine yourself diving into a defrosted mountain lake. What happens to your body and skin. How does it feel?
Even though temperatures indicate that spring is coming, but the water will sure be freezing.
Warm water opens pores and your skin becomes loose and soft. Cold water has the opposite effect. It seals your pores and your skin shrinks. This is exactly what cold water does to your digestive tract.
-- Ice cold water chills your digestive tract and constricts the blood vessels in it. Your digestive system ends up all restricted and dehydrated.
-- Human body needs more energy to regulate its inner temperature, so make sure if you really need that glass of iced water. In this way your digestive tract lacks energy and fails to digest food and extract nutrients properly, not to mention the excessive water loss.
-- If you drink a glass of cold water after your meals, your body will start producing excess mucus. Your immune system fails to carry its regular function, so you are likely to catch a cold or develop any severe health condition.
-- Combine cold water or soda with your meals will increase your body weight. Wonder why? Your body cannot process excess fats, and they end up in your tissues and organs.
--

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.779438
Retrieved Text: The digestive function is a very complicated process and if we are lacking in enzymes, this further complicates the process. Enzymes are responsible for carrying out virtually every metabolic function in our bodies; there are very delicate nutrients. We have about three thousand unique enzymes in our bodies that are involved in over seven thousand enzymatic reactions. Without enzymes we would cease to function. Some of these enzymes play a vital role in our digestive health.
Bee Pollen– is considered to be one of nature’s most complete foods. It contains nearly all the nutrients needed by humans and has a wide range of beneficial enzymes, such as amylase, catalase, cozymase, cytochrome, dehydrogenase, diaphorase, diastase, pectase and phosphatase. Bee pollen can be consumed in oatmeal, superfood snacks and smoothies. It has been known to cause allergic type reactions, so be aware of this when using bee pollen for the first time. Fermented Vegetables– are an excellent dietary source of many nutrients, including live enzymes that effectively improve the digestive process.
Fermented vegetables go great with any meal as a side dish or they can be eaten on their own. The fermentation of Sauerkraut, and Kimchi was developed centuries ago as a way of preserving vegetables for consumption through the winter months.
Papaya-papain is one of the proteolytic enzymes found in the Papaya fruit. This enzyme is a great aid in the digestive process. Papain has been said to be one of the most effective enzymes in breaking down meat and other proteins. Papain breaks down the proteins into amino acids

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.510117
Retrieved Text: According to John Hopkins University, 70 million Americans have digestion problems of some sort. Common digestive disorders include gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), Crohn’s disease, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and ulcerative colitis, but other (more serious) conditions can also occur including colorectal cancer or a perforated ulcer – both of which can be life-threatening.
Going plant-based comes with so many benefits, one of the best being digestion. A plant-based diet has been found to improve IBS (especially for those with a lactose intolerance), along with GERD, which is aggravated by a diet heavy in fats, or an overly acidic diet. Colon cancer has also been linked to a diet that includes animal foods. Animal foods aren’t only acidic to the body, but also very hard to break down. Anytime an abundance of work is put on the digestive system to break down a food, the longer it takes to digest that meal. This creates digestive problems, along with a sluggish system. Since plant-based whole foods are mainly fiber, water, vitamins, minerals, or water-based fats (i.e. avocado) or complex sugars (i.e. an apple), your body can break them down easier to process into nutrients. This naturally simplifies digestion and also minimizes the amount of acidic wastes that end up in the body.
Even for those that find a plant-based diet challenging for digestion due to the high amount of naturally occurring fiber, there are many foods you can eat to improve digestion while still eating plant-based. First, be sure you’re basing your diet off of whole, unprocessed plant-based foods, which

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.485973
Retrieved Text: Essential to the absorption of food, our bodies could not absorb nutrients from food without the help from various enzymes in our digestive tract. Enzyme production begins in the mouth and follows through the entire digestive tract. The body reacts to the smell and the presence of food to increase enzymatic production and break down larger food molecules into usable building blocks and nutrients.
Products like Chewable Papaya (#701) are formulated to break down starches and proteins, whereas the many of our enzyme product line formulations are meant to support the digestion of carbohydrates, protein and fat.
Bromelain is a mixture of enzymes found naturally in the juice and stems of pineapples. A proteolytic enzyme, bromelain helps with the digestion of protein, and therefore can be used as a digestive aid with protein rich meals. Some bromelain can be absorbed into the blood stream intact, so it has effects outside the digestive tract; these are called systemic effects. One primary effect is its ability to support a healthy response to inflammation. When used as a digestive aid, bromelain is usually taken with meals. When used for other systemic-type conditions, taking bromelain between meals on an empty stomach is best.
Enzymes are as essential to the body as water. To obtain the benefits of nutrition from food and supplements, the body must first break down the components of the food. That’s where enzymes step in – to help the digestion of proteins, fats, and carbohydrates and liberate the micronutrients so they can be utilized by the body. Many enzymes are

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.46037
Retrieved Text: If you are suffering from symptoms such as bloating, indigestion, gas, irregularity, or heartburn, you may have an enzyme deficiency. The deeper cause is dependent upon each person's individual circumstances, but digestive enzyme supplements may specifically alleviate gastrointestinal symptoms. They can also help you with other non-digestive related problems such as lack of energy.
Eating as many raw vegetables and fruits as possible.
Chewing food slowly to ensure enzymes will be released—yes, there are enzymes in your mouth!
Eating foods that are high in probiotics and enzymes, such as raw sauerkraut.
Taking a high-quality, vegetable-based digestive enzyme supplement.
To fully understand the benefits of digestive enzyme supplements, you need to understand what exactly enzymes do in your body.
There are many different types of enzymes, so I will give you a quick biology tutorial that focuses on the digestive enzymes. For more in-depth information, read Dr. Barbara Bradley Bolen's discussion.
Enzymes are important proteins in your cells. They are catalysts that help speed up every chemical reaction in your body. Without them, you would not be able to breathe, swallow, eat, or digest food.
All of the vitamins and minerals you eat and all of the hormones your body produces need enzymes to work properly. That means your energy level, your ability to utilize vitamins and minerals, and even your immune system are dependent on enzymes.
Food contains natural enzymes, which can be fully obtained if eaten raw.
Enzymes are classified into three categories: digestive, food, and metabolic.
Metabolic enzymes occur throughout your organs, and your digestive organs produce digestive enzymes.
Let's focus on the two enzymes that

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What provides the regeneration of cells for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- Thyroid-stimulating hormone
 - the kiln
 - Earthworms
 - the kitchen
 - the digestive system
 - prolactin release
 - Pituitary gland
 - the corona

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and raw proteins provide nutrients for regeneration of cells, promoting healing, youth and longevity, choose the best answer.

Target Text: the digestive system

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.296587
Retrieved Text: Stem Cells have fascinated scientists, doctors, and now the public. The book looks at the history, the science, the legendary scientists, the Pros and Cons, the modern application to diseases, and Father Time. Stem cells are blank or undifferentiated cells that turn into specialized cells and tissues where they are introduced in the body. There are various sources of stem cells and various applications. Stem cells are truly the 21st Century Fountain of Youth when you go to www.clinicaltrials.gov, you see the thousands of studies currently being researched.
This comprehensive volume is one of the first books to offer the reader detailed insight into sources of perinatal stem cells, their biology, and their potential for disease treatment. It examines the research and therapeutic applications of perinatal stem cells including the treatment of renal disease, hematopoietic regeneration, cardiac disease, inflammatory disease, bone regeneration, pulmonary disease, and the treatment of spinal cord injury. Further, the book discusses current progress in the manufacturing, banking and clinical translation of perinatal stem cells. Through this book, readers will gain a thorough understanding of the current pre-clinical and clinical applications of perinatal stem cells as well as the efforts to support the transition of perinatal stem cell therapies from laboratories to clinics.
Perinatal Stem Cells contains thirty-two chapters written by internationally recognized leaders in stem cell research. It is organized into four sections covering amniotic fluid stem cells, placental and placental membrane stem cells, umbilical cord stem cells, and clinical translation. This cohesive structure provides an effective framework for detailed insight into this new

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.791239
Retrieved Text: Researchers at the University of Birmingham, UK, led by Dr. Ben Scheven, Dr. Wendy Leadbeater and Ben Mead announced today that adult stem cells isolated from the teeth , can protect retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) from death following injury and even promote regeneration of their axons along the optic nerve.
RGC loss is the leading cause of blindness and can arise through traumatic injury or degenerative diseases such as glaucoma. Neurotrophic factors (NTFs), which travel along the axon of a neuron to a cell body act as survival signals however, following injury or disease, this supply is lost and RGCs die. Supplementation of injured RGC with an alternative source of NTFs is paramount to protecting them from death.
The study, appearing on Neural Regeneration Research (Vol. 9, No. 6, 2014), confirmed that DPSCs naturally express multiple NTFs which can supplement the lost supply of NTF and protect RGCs from death as well as promote regeneration of their axons.
"Cell therapy is a promising treatment option as it provides a potentially limitless source of multiple growth factors for injured neurons. For clinical application, comparisons with other stem cells as well as development of safe delivery mechanisms are to be investigated in the future", said leading author, Ben Mead.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.44362
Retrieved Text: Neuron and Bone Regeneration with PEMF.
The Earth's magnetic field charges the bodies cells and helps them regnerate.
The body is constantly undergoing regeneration, and each of its 100 billion cells are replaced over a period of time. The cells in each organ regenerate at different rates. The heart is regenerated every 20 years. Every bone in the body is regenerated within ten years. Nails regenerate every 6-10 months. The liver regenerates every five months. The blood cells regenerate every four months. Skin regenerates every 4 weeks. The lungs regenerate ever 2-3 weeks. The lining in your stomach is regenerated every 2-3 days.
What powers the regeneration has been found to be the earth’s magnetic core which produces a pulsed electro-magnetic field. Without this the cells powers down and cell regeneration stops. This issue has been brought to light by extended space travel.
In September 2003 Thomas Goodwin, Ph.D. of NASA who investigated the effect of electromagnetic fields on neuronal cells, published an experimental study. Neuronal cells are responsible for transmitting electrical signals throughout the body. For example, if you want to open your hand, the brain sends electrical command signals to the muscles responsible for opening the hand. These electrical signals reach these muscles and if there is no damage to the neuronal cells going from the brain towards these muscles, then the hand will open. If there is damage as a result of an accident or surgery the body will repair the damage and regenerate the neuronal cells over time.
The purpose of the NASA study was to find

########
Rank: 3
Score: 27.046736
Retrieved Text: Please notify me when Vasindux Home PEMF Mini Mat is in stock.
What Makes the Vasindux Home Mini Mat PEMF Therapy Systems Unique?
The Vasindux Home Mini Mat is the result of years of research. Manufactured in Europe, the Vasindux Home Mini Mat is a pulsed electromagnetic field device designed to improve cellular health. The pulsed magnetic fields assist in revitalizing the body at the cellular level. With 6 preset programs and adjustable intensity, this system provides an easy to use but effective option for home use.
The Vasindux Home Mini Mat offers easy to use home therapy.
The PEMF (Magnetic Resonance) programs, are based on the principle that the Earth’s magnetic field is best for creating a healing environment within the body through natural processes.
The 6 coils, evenly distribute the magnetic field throughout the mat enabling everyone to get the best therapy for different parts of the body.
The Vasindux Home PEMF System has been proven to promote the body’s natural regeneration processes starting at the cellular level. This includes the regeneration of blood vessels, as well as healthier tissue, cells, and nerves.
The Vasindux Home Mini Mat measures 16 x 32 inches, and has a flexible design making it easy to use in your home, office, or to transport it to a friend’s home to share the benefits with them.
The Vasindux Home Mini Mat has a field strength of between 2.5 and 70 Microtesla depending upon the setting you choose.
The Vasindux Home Mini Mat uses a sine wave, which studies have shown to be effective for cellular stimulation and regeneration.
Pulses

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.814383
Retrieved Text: Our bodies are constantly renewing themselves in a process of cellular regeneration. This regeneration happens at a tremendous rate, with cell renewal taking place as much as 710 million times per second in our bodies! When we are young – say, 20 years old – our skin replaces itself every three weeks, a renewal rate that, by age 50, slows down to the still considerable rate of every nine weeks. Indeed, every two years, most cells in our body are completely renewed.
﻿This transformative potential illustrates the immense power we have to heal ourselves at each and every step of our life paths, provided, especially, that we work in harmony with our own unique bodily ecology.
Therapeutic Massage and Clinical Nutrition aid this healing process by supporting the cells and tissues of our bodies to rejuvenate themselves.
Clinical Nutrition enables us to identify the specific sources of weakness and unbalances in the body and to correct them by matching its needs in nutrient dense supplements ~ this fine-tuned process based on a scientific clinical procedure and tailored supplementation allows the body to repair itself and grow healthier cells.
- Melting rigid tissues, causing a gain in the malleability, smoothness, length and tone that are key to accelerating tissue repair.
- Activating blood and lymph circulation to flush out toxins, speeding recovery.
- Stimulating organ function - through Shiatsu and Reiki in particular - to strengthen the system and stimulate the body’s self-healing potential.
~Reinforcing this unique harmonization is my passion, and provides the core purpose of each session.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.793468
Retrieved Text: People could one day have the ability to grow back parts of their bodies after a ‘DNA switch’ that could reactivate the genes that control regeneration were found.
They found that a ‘master’ control gene called early growth response (EGR), which is also found in humans and other animals, is responsible.
Researchers from Harvard University discovered that a section of non-coding DNA – controversially labelled by some as ‘junk’ DNA – controls the activation of EGR which acts like a power switch for the regeneration process.
More recent research has suggested that the picture is far more complicated, including Harvard’s study.
Humans already have the EGR ‘switch’ that repairs cells yet it does not seem to trigger large scale regeneration.
Scientists now think that the gene is wired differently in humans and are now trying to find a way to change this to reap so that we too can ‘regenerate’.
‘What we found is that this one master gene comes on…and that’s activating genes that are turning on during regeneration,’ said Dr Andrew Gehrke, a post-doctoral fellow at Harvard and lead author on the study.
WHAT CAUSES SPECIES TO REGENERATE?
All organisms, including humans, have the ability to regenerate to a degree, but the process is much more developed in many invertebrates such as earthworms and starfish.
These animals can grow new heads, tails and other body parts when injured.
Scientists don’t know why mammals don’t have the same ability, but they do regenerate skin, muscle and blood.
Every multicellular organism is built from a single cell, which divides into two identical cells, then four, and so

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.767582
Retrieved Text: All about Facials….Basic treatments ranging from normal facial peeling, microdermabrasion, mesotherapy, Acne treatment, Hair removal, Lymphatic Drainage, Wrinkle reduction, Cellulites, Body Forming, Slimming, Liposuction, Podology and Permanent Make-up.
This Treatment includes Skin Analysis with our Derma Contour analysing machine, vapozone, peeling, Cleansing, Eyebrow forming and correction, removal of blackheads using microdermabrasion device, Mask, Facial massage and Daily make-up if required.
Dermabrasion is a cosmetic procedure in which the surface of the epidermis of the skin (the stratum corneum) is removed by abrasion (sanding or with Diamond Crystal). Dermabrasion is used to remove sun-damaged skin and to remove or lessen scars and dark spots on the skin.
Mesotherapy works by penetrating active substances into the subcutaneous tissues, where they act on the ineffective circulation to bring about an improvement in the vascular and lymphatic interchange in the area. It promotes cells metabolism, Skin rejuvenation, improves skin elasticity, Restrain the acne rebirth, prevent the series of skin problems caused by dehydration ( lack of moisture) and cell regeneration.
Skin of the age 45+ with very visibly wrinkles, for women and men of all skin color and races, for people with Skin flabbiness, lack of elasticity and firmness, Hyperpigmentation, Grey skin color and tired skin look.
Provides intensive skin regeneration and Supports in scars reduction.
Therapy 10 x plus 1 free Treatment .
No-Needle Pressure Injection with Oxygen, It is milder and more pleasant than microdermabrasion (diamond and crystal), it does not perform a mechanical abrasion of the epidermis, which may cause skin irritation and redness. The skin is bombarded with fragmented compressed oxygen drops of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 26.56723
Retrieved Text: This case, developed for a course in human biology, provides students with a context for discussing stem cells and cloning by exploring regeneration in salamanders and the ethical as well as scientific and health-related issues of applying what scientists know about that natural process to humans. Students read the case and then answer questions about cell differentiation and regeneration as they explore the pros and cons of providing natural regeneration in humans versus stem cell transplants for wound and organ repair.
Learn about different types of stem cells, specifically, totipotent, pluripotent, and unipotent.
Learn about regeneration as it occurs in a salamander.
Understand what is meant by blastema, cell dedifferentiation, transdifferentiation, and pattern formation.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of providing “natural regeneration” in humans as opposed to stem cell transplants for wound and organ repair.
The axolotl is a Mexican salamander with an incredible ability: Cut its leg off, and the limb will grow right back! How it does this and why humans can’t is still a bit of a mystery. Researchers like Susan Bryant of UC Irvine are studying these amphibians to understand the underlying mechanisms for their miraculous regenerative powers. Video created by: Science Friday. Produced by: Christian Baker. Running Time: 4:27 min. Date: August 23, 2016.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 26.482546
Retrieved Text: In 1961 microbiologist Leonard Hayflick demonstrated that a population of human fetal cells in a cell culture will divide approximately 50 times before they stop. With each cell division in our body the ends of our chromosomes, the telomeres, get slightly shorter. This process continues until they shorten to a critical length, appropriately called the Hayflick limit. At this point the cells continue to live, but they stop replication. Because they can no longer replicate, damage accumulates and they simply become older.
It’s been suggested that tall people age faster, and therefor die younger, because they reach the Hayflick limit sooner. A larger body requires more cell doublings due to the ongoing regeneration of tissues over a lifetime. Ultimately this results in the exhaustion of the regeneration potential and the early onset of age-associated diseases, predominantly in large-bodied males. Contrary to normal human cells, cancer cells have the ability to override the telomeric counting mechanism, making themselves immortal, uncontrollable and equally, if not more, deadly than ageing itself. So it’s not just a matter of stopping the clock. One way or the other, abundant growth leads to a much shorter than possible lifespan. Considering the great cost of being tall, both for the individual body and the planet, perhaps it is time we rethink in what direction we want our bodies to evolve.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.326075
Retrieved Text: Vienna (2018-02-27) — The body’s own stem cells show remarkable success in the treatment of joint problems such as osteoarthritis and sports injuries. This is proven by scientific studies on patients worldwide. The stem cells required for the treatment can be obtained from body fat. So far, it was not known in detail how the stem cells contribute to the regeneration of the joints. New research findings now provide an answer.
The current study on the animal model shows that mesenchymal stem cells transplanted in damaged tissue stimulate the already existing stem cells for regeneration. As a result, defective joint structures, such as worn cartilage, can regenerate to some degree. Ideally, the pain subsides and the affected joint regains mobility.
“The transplantation of the body’s own fat stem cells strengthens a natural healing mechanism and helps the body to repair the defect on its own,” explains DDr. Karl-Georg Heinrich, physician working in the field of regenerative and aesthetic medicine from Vienna. In his Clinic DDr. Heinrich®, tissue damages such as joint wear, sports injuries of joints, and scars are treated with stem cells from autologous body fat.
Until recently, scientists have not been able to study the fate of transplanted cells in the body for a longer period of time. The researchers at the University of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna, used a newly developed procedure to mark stem cells before transplantation. Thereby they were able to observe the role of the stem cells in the regenerative processes over a period of 6 months.
The regenerative abilities of stem cells are already

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.228416
Retrieved Text: Looking for HGH Energizer Supplement Review? Is this HGH Energizer Scam or Works? Any side effects? HGH Energizer How much the Integrated Naturals Supplement Cost?
HGH Energizer is a dietary supplement that naturally increases the body’s growth hormone. Both women and men can use it, which will lead to weight loss and other benefits. HGH Energizer supplement can improve mood, increase energy, strengthen the immune system and increase muscle tone. This preparation provides the body with essential nutrients and stimulates the production of growth hormone to restore a gradually decreasing age. It stimulates cell regeneration and cell growth, strengthens and feels great in youth. This will improve the vitality of your body and overall health. The manufacturer of this add-on is the company. known as Healthy Buy LLC.HGH Energizer is made in the form of capsules and is easy to use. This product also claims that it promotes weight loss and increases the vitality of the body.
HGH Energizer is a powerful dietary supplement that provides the body with useful nutrients. This supplement maintains general health and vitality. Each dose will give you the nutrients that your body spends. Human development hormones are responsible for the growth and regeneration of cells, and HGH Energizer supplement supports your developmental hormone.
This natural HGH Energizer supplement with the pituitary system safely and naturally increases the amount of the human hormone (HGH) in the blood. It supports the regeneration of new skin cells, helps to change the signs of aging and makes the user younger. It will promote healthy and attractive body

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.033081
Retrieved Text: Within regenerative medicine, exosome therapy is a cutting edge treatment doctors are excited about. Many within the industryargue that exosomes may be more important than stem cells due to their unique ability to function as a “messenger” within the body, transferringinformation from cell to cell. When you suffer an injury, your body releases exosomes in response, and research is showing that exosomes play a key role in coagulation, when blood forms a clot. One of the most promising uses of exosomes isfor rheumatoid arthritis (RA), an autoimmune disorder in which inflammation leads to pain and degradation of joints.At Regenerative Sports, Spine & Spa, we offer exosome therapy, which contains growth factors, in conjunction with stem cell therapy to enhance healing benefits.
What are Exosomes, and why are they useful?
Exosomes communicate “growth factor information” to other cells, which is vitally important in healing old cells and protecting new cells within the body.It is believed that the regeneration of healthy tissue is not a direct result of the stem cells, but rather the exosomes left behind, which are responsible for transferring the information from one cell to another.
Exosomes also have a unique therapeutic application because they can be used topically on the skin, injected with an IV or inhaled, so they get into the lungs, which is exceptionally beneficial for respiratory diseases such as COPD, as well as organ and joint regeneration.
Please contact Regenerative Sports, Spine & Spa today to discuss if our exosome therapy could benefit you. We look forward to helping your body heal, and relieving pain

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.937407
Retrieved Text: In a closetlike room at the ''Leg Lab'' here, salamanders stare blankly out of clear plastic drinking cups. The lab is so named because many of the animals have had, or will have, a leg cut off. But the salamanders recover, with perfect new limbs growing back in weeks.
Salamanders are the superstars of regeneration. They can grow back not only limbs but also tails, parts of their hearts and the retinas and lenses in their eyes. Humans cannot do any of that. So scientists here hope that the salamander's tricks may one day be applied to people.
Regenerative medicine, regrowing or repairing damaged organs, has become a hot topic. Almost all the attention has focused on stem cells. The idea is to grow stem cells outside the body, turn them into particular types of tissue and transplant them into patients.
But a few scientists theorize that a better approach is to induce the same regeneration in people that occurs in salamanders and some other animals. Natural regeneration, which might be accomplished with drugs or genes, would be easier than transplanting, they say. And the tissue would be the patient's own, doing away with the problem of rejection. Even if salamanders' feats cannot be reproduced in humans, those scientists say, studying regenerating animals will at least provide clues for stem cell scientists.
So far, natural regeneration remains a medical backwater, garnering little attention. That may be understandable. Scientists have been studying natural regeneration for 200 years and have not gotten far in understanding it. Regrowing human arms in the lifetime

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.819798
Retrieved Text: Stem cells are the basic building blocks of human tissue and have the ability to repair, rebuild, and rejuvenate tissues in the body. When a disease or injury strikes, stem cells respond to specific signals and set about to facilitate the healing process by differentiating into specialized cells required for the body’s repair. Stem Cell Therapy enhances this natural function by introducing high concentrations to an affected area, this stimulates growth factors thus regeneration and healing occurs at a rapid pace.
When Does the Body Use Stem Cells?
The body utilizes it’s stem cell reserve daily to repair and replace damaged or diseased tissue. When the body’s reserve is limited and as it becomes depleted, the regenerative power of our body decreases and we succumb to disease and injury.
Advantages of Cored Blood Stem Cell Therapy?
Why Are Stem Cells Special?
Stem cells are located throughout the body. What makes stem cells special is that they can divide and duplicate themselves, and develop into different types of cells. A stem cell itself does not serve the body in any way, but it can develop into a cell that does, such as a cartilage cell or a bone cell. When placed into a certain environment, stem cells can transform to accommodate a certain need. For example, stem cells that are placed near damaged cartilage are hypothesized to develop into cartilage tissue.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.69846
Retrieved Text: Regeneration is the ability to restore and renew lost or damaged tissues or organs. The body is equipped with several strategies to regenerate, including the rearrangement of pre-existing tissue, the activation of resident stem cells, and the regression of a specialized cell or tissue to a simpler form by the process known as dedifferentiation. These strategies are directed toward the rebuilding of the appropriate tissue and organ structure. But this regeneration capacity varies in different organisms. For instance, planarians were shown to regenerate into a new worm successfully even when split into 279 pieces. Another striking example of regeneration has been observed in salamanders. When a limb of a salamander is removed, the limb can grow back and become functional in 1-3 months. Then there is the regeneration of the zebra fish heart. When 20 percent of the zebra fish heart is removed, it regenerates completely in 60 days by a process involving the dedifferentiation of heart muscle cells.
Such heart regeneration holds the promise for the treatment of heart failure following heart attacks. But so far, the adult human heart is known not to show adequate regeneration or replacement of dead tissue with functional tissue such as beating cardiomyocytes (cardiac muscles) and arteries. When a patient has successive heart attacks and myocardial infarctions (death of cardiac muscle resulting from interruption of the blood supply), the number of dead cells increases due to the decreased level of oxygen reaching the heart tissue. That’s one of the reasons heart disease is so deadly.
The rates of cardiac regeneration, from

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.694214
Retrieved Text: Vienna (2017-10-03) — Giving back skin youthful freshness and elasticity has been an aim of aesthetic medicine for a long time. Artificial fillers, Botox, and surgical facelifts merely conceal the symptoms of lost skin quality. One important factor that is responsible for the formation of wrinkles and dry, leathery skin is the sun. Although sunlight supplies the body with the vitally important vitamin D, on the other hand its UV radiation causes the so-called photo-aging. Affected is primarily the skin in the body regions that are exposed to the sun.
In an Iranian study, 16 patients (15 women and one male) underwent wrinkle treatment with Stromal Vascular Fraction (SVF) in the area of the nasolabial folds (wrinkles between the nose and the mouth) and the marionette lines (wrinkles from the corners of the mouth to the chin). SVF, obtained from the patient’s own fat, is rich in so-called Mesenchymal Stem Cells (MSC) and can be successfully used for skin rejuvenation, as the study confirms. Six months after SVF injections there was a remarkable improvement in the skin structure: Elasticity and tissue density of the skin had increased significantly.
“If the properties of a young, healthy skin can be restored and the biological skin quality be improved by a treatment with the body’s own stem cells, this also becomes noticeable in the skin’s appearance,” says DDr. Karl-Georg Heinrich, physician from Vienna, who is active in the field of aesthetic and regenerative medicine. “The regenerative capabilities of the fat stem cells play a special role in this.” In his Clinic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.690472
Retrieved Text: SGF 1000 RMR WORKS AT THE CELLULAR LEVEL TO PROMOTE FASTER, MORE COMPLETE HEALING AND RECOVERY FROM TRAINING AND INJURY, RESULTING IN INCREASED GENERAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS. THE OVINE PLACENTAL EXTRACT HAS BEEN SPECIALLY FORMULATED TO ENHANCE AND ACCELERATE REPAIR NEEDED AFTER VIGOROUS TRAINING AND PERFORMANCE, RESULTING IN REDUCED RECOVERY TIME. SGF 1000 RMR WORKS AT THE CELLULAR LEVEL RESULTING IN WHOLE HORSE HEALTH, WELLNESS AND A BOOSTED IMMUNE SYSTEM.
WHAT IS SGF 1000 RMR?
SGF 1000 RMR is an innovative formulation consisting of Regenerative Proteins, Cytokines, Peptides, potent Growth Factors and Signaling Molecules derived from Ovine Placental Extract. SGF 1000 RMR is manufactured and puriﬁed through a patented low temperature process that involves homogenization, fractionation and ultra-ﬁltration of the ovine placental extract suspended in a liquid.
WHAT DOES SGF 1000 RMR DO?
SGF 1000 RMR acts as a vasodilator, lowering heart rates and recovery time, resulting in increased stamina and endurance. By enhancing cell differentiation and migration of the more desired cells, there is an increase in stamina, performance and overall health. SGF 1000 RMR assists in internal cell regeneration, rejuvenation and cellular anti-aging which aids in the repair of damaged organs, muscles, connective tissue, and nerve tissue.
Growth Factors are proteins that initiate further growth of speciﬁc cells. Growth Factors play a major role in enhancing cell differentiation, cell division and preventing cell death and overall repair and regeneration.
SGF 1000 RMR promotes the activation of the dormant stem cells existent in the animal’s body. It has been scientifically proven that dormant stem cells are more potent than active stem

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.687412
Retrieved Text: Moroccan Bath - A Must Try For Men Too?
The Moroccan Bath is an age old secret, passed around through generations of people in the Middle East. However, there is a common misconception that it is solely enjoyed by women, when in fact it proves to be just as beneficial for men as well.
So what benefits does the Moroccan Bath have?
Firstly, it is used to prevent early ageing by improving blood circulation and stimulating cell regeneration. Due to the exfoliating properties of the Moroccan Bath, dead skin cells that tend to clog pores and build up toxins in the body are removed – this allows for renewed skin to surface, giving a younger appearance and healthy looking skin.
Apart from this, the exfoliating properties of the bath help remove unwanted hair and also aid in the prevention of ingrown hairs.
It is also beneficial in balancing oil secretion of the body, which can often lead to an improvement in acne.
How does the Moroccan Bath take place?
Moroccan Soap is first applied all over the body, to prepare skin for exfoliation.
You are made to relax in the steamy Moroccan Bath, allowing pores to open up.
Finally, an exfoliating body scrub is applied to remove dead skin cells.
The experience is both relaxing and deeply cleansing, making it the perfect combination for practical results and peace of mind.
It’s definitely a must try for all men, since it provides deep exfoliation and cleansing for those who don’t get the time to regularly exfoliate. In fact, it’s one of the best treatments to try for those

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.657177
Retrieved Text: One of the leading updates in the medical world is the discovery and success of stem cell therapy. Although this modern innovation has already made successful treatments to patients all over the world, there are still mysteries that enshroud it. The process of this therapy is quite simple to understand. The process by which this therapy is done is usually assisted by a machine which makes things a lot easier. It is necessary to understand the definition of stem cells first in order to know what happens in this therapy.
A stem cell is basically a special type of cell in the human body that aids the regeneration of tissues in the system. An embryonic stem cell is one of the most active stem cells produced by the human body but it is only present in an embryo. Researchers have already observed embryonic stem cells under the microscope but their full ability is still not fully understood. Many controversies about how embryonic stem cells are used are still the reason why they are not fully accepted in traditional treatment centers.
The stem cells that can be found other than embryos are called adult stem cells. Bodily tissues inside the body usually contain adult stem cells that aids in regeneration in case of damages. Adult stem cells are the most commonly used stem cells in a stem cell therapy but there are still some that uses embryonic stem cells. The human muscle and brain tissues are typically the best sources of adult stem cells. Researchers have also recently found

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.63588
Retrieved Text: Have you ever thought about the effects of fasting on your body and health? This article provides a TEDx talk by Mark Mattson, who is the current Chief of the Laboratory of Neuroscience at the National Institute on Aging.
Also, he works as a professor of Neuroscience at The Johns Hopkins University and is undoubtedly one of the best researchers of cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying multiple neurodegenerative disorders, such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s disease.
During the last few decades, ‘Big Pharma’ has been found to manipulate published research. Due to this, the Harvard Professor of Medicine Arnold Seymour Relman said that the pharmaceutical industry has bought the medical profession.
The same reason made John Ioannidis, an epidemiologist at the Stanford University School of Medicine, publish an article under the title “Why Most Published Research Findings Are False” that became the most widely accessed article in the history of the Public Library of Science (PLoS).
“Why is it that the normal diet is three meals a day plus snacks? It isn’t that it’s the healthiest eating pattern, now that’s my opinion but I think there is a lot of evidence to support that.
There are a lot of pressures to have that eating pattern, there’s a lot of money involved. The food industry — are they going to make money from skipping breakfast like I did today?
No, they’re going to lose money. If people fast, the food industry loses money. What about the pharmaceutical industries?
Mark’s team has published many papers whose subject examines the effects of fasting on reducing the risk

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.622227
Retrieved Text: ELUTE® fiber redefines what is possible in nerve repair and regeneration by delivering sensitive growth factors in controlled, sustained release profiles directly to the injury site and nerve regeneration can be orchestrated without requiring tissue to be harvested from elsewhere in the patient’s body.
TissueGen is currently developing a medical device incorporating ELUTE fiber to advance the treatment and recovery of patients with spinal cord injuries resulting in paralysis. Currently in animal trials, TissueGen is applying ELUTE fiber to repair previously irreversible spinal cord injuries. By delivering sensitive growth factors directly to the injury site, nerve regeneration can be promoted without requiring tissue to be harvested from elsewhere in the patient’s body for cell transplantation.
ELUTE fiber enables the creation of three-dimensional concentration gradients of neurotrophic factors that are positionally stable over time and these gradient scaffolds may be surgically implanted into a severed spinal cord. The concentration gradients of the various neurotrophic factors may selectively entice motor and sensory axons to cross a gap in opposite directions in the severed spinal cord by directing and upregulating axonal growth as depicted in vitro in the figure below.
ELUTE fiber can promote peripheral nerve regeneration. A parallel array of fibers provides excellent scaffolding for guiding neurons and ELUTE fiber loaded with biologically active neurotrophic factors has been shown to attract neurons from isolated DRG cells in cell culture experiments (as shown in the associated photographs).
The micrograph shows the cross section of the rat sciatic nerve in panel A; the white dots are the cross section of fiber. Panel B is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.590424
Retrieved Text: The review paper “Evolution, comparative biology and ontogeny of vertebrate heart regeneration” (1) provides an in-depth comparative analysis of factors correlated with heart regeneration. Either phylogenetically or developmentally, myocardial regeneration seems to be associated with “a low metabolic state, low heart pressure, immature cardiomyocyte structure, hypoxia, an immature immune system and the inability to regulate body temperature.” It was considered that there may be limiting trade-offs involving some of these factors.
Having spent a career as a comparative pathologist in the pharmaceutical industry, I appreciated Joe Alcock’s recent op-ed in The Evolution and Medicine Review (Oct. 9, 2016) noting the repeated failures in developing treatments for sepsis. My frustrations with the absence of adaptationist thinking in drug development had previously led me to address the issue (4,5). I stated that the scientific community will soon know what each gene product does, making possible the creation of drugs that can affect each protein. But that mechanistic understanding doesn’t guarantee that the evolutionary function will be understood. Without taking the adaptationist approach, the full understanding of the phenomenon may not be achieved until problems arise in preclinical development in animal models, in clinical trials, or (more disastrously) after the product is on the market.
In approaching why myocardial regeneration is limited in mammals, it’s important that we listen for those smoke detector alarms. Luckily, the problem of arrhythmias with myocardial regeneration was discovered early in the therapeutic development process. While it wasn’t obvious what the trade-offs are in myocardial regeneration, it was certainly clear that trade-offs are involved. In many

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.505785
Retrieved Text: DSM uses our proprietary OPTRIX™ technology to process porcine derived tissues, which results in biologic surgical grafts that are used to reinforce and repair soft tissue defects. Our ability to apply this technology to multiple tissue sources enables us to create customized soft tissue regeneration products for a variety of clinical applications.
The OPTRIX™ process gently disinfects tissues, inactivates viruses, and removes cells while preserving the natural, open pore structure of the collagen matrix and maintains the extracellular matrix (ECM) components.* The gentle and selective nature of the process results in products with strength, a porous scaffold structure allowing for cell ingrowth and retention of ECM components* may facilitate rapid cell infiltration and revascularization.
*The effect of these components on the performance of the extracellular matrix products has not been clinically evaluated.
An ECM in its natural form is the combination of collagen, proteins, proteoglycans, glycosaminoglycans, and other biological materials produced by cells that form the structural and functional components of all soft tissues and organs in the body. The ECM serves as a structural scaffold with receptor sites to orient cells, and a communication portal that provides a means for cells to communicate via signaling factors to regulate a variety of molecular functions. The ECM fundamentally controls the way in which mammals respond to injury and serves as an inductive scaffold for tissue repair and regeneration. DSM ECM products are acellular scaffolds and do not function as natural soft tissues.
**In-vitro results are not necessarily indicative of clinical performance.
DSM, Data on File. Animal and bench top test results are

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.494453
Retrieved Text: ABOUT CONFERENCE:10th Tissue Repair and Regeneration Congress invites all the participants from all over the world to attend during June 10-12, 2019 in Helsinki, Finland , which includes prompt keynote presentations, Oral talks, and Poster presentations. Tissues are defined as aggregations of similarly specialized cells which collectively function to connect, support or surround other structures and organs of the body. Tissues include tendons, ligaments, fascia, skin, fibrous tissues, fat, , muscles, nerves and blood vessels. Stem cells are cells originate in all multi-cellular organisms. They were isolated in mice in 1981 and in humans in 1998. In humans there are several types of stem cells, each with variable levels of potency. Stem cell treatments are a type of cell therapy that introduces new cells into ***** bodies for possible treatment for sicknesses. Stem cells have been used to repair tissue damaged by disease.WHY TO ATTEND? 10th Tissue Repair and Regeneration Congress has the platform to fulfill the needs in the transformation of this science of hope, to serve promptly with solutions to all the needs. Tissue Repair 2018 will have participants across the world to discuss the Congress OrganizersME Conferences is one of the leading Open Access publishers and organizers of international scientific conferences and events every year across USA, Europe & Asia . Conference Series has so far organized 3000+ Global Events with over 600+ Conferences, 1200+ Symposiums and 1200+ Workshops on Medical, Pharma , Engineering, Science, Technology and Business with 700+ peer-reviewed open access journals in basic science, health, and Sessions Tissue Repair 2018

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.485935
Retrieved Text: The platelet rich fibrin is a three-dimensional structure whose matrix is fibrin. In the spaces of the three-dimensional fibrin net there are high concentrations of non-activated, functional, intact platelets, white blood cells and mesenchymal stem cells.
Together with fibrin, all these elements form a matrix structure - a spatial structure that continuously and in the long term stimulates the plates to release growth factors, cytokines and effectively directs the migration of mesenchymal stem cells to the site of body injury.
Growth factors and stem cells released from the space of the fibrin grid strongly stimulate the biological renewal of tissues.
PLASMA COMPLEX is a safe, autologous therapy in which we use the synergy of our own hematopoietic stem cells and structural fibrin. During the centrifugation process using low centrifugal force in a short time, we obtain a mixture of CD34 + cells, platelets with growth factors and leukocytes suspended in the fibrin fraction. The obtained rich cell fibrin has enormous regenerative potential for many areas of our body. The obtained fibrin fraction can be treated as autologous transplant of our tissue and in a controlled manner administered in the place requiring reconstruction or regeneration, whether it concerns the skin, epidermis, subcutaneous tissue, muscle, bone, cartilage or hair.
Structural fibrin, thanks to its properties to create a fibrin in the clotting process, becomes an autologous tissue transplant, in the space of which hematopoietic stem cells, platelets with growth factors and leukocytes are suspended. On the basis of this tissue matrix, growth factors, cytokines, CD34 + cells, leukocytes and excitation of "dormant"

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.403625
Retrieved Text: Radio frequency energy is the most recent addition to the fight against anti-aging.
This treatment uses electrodes to deliver high frequency electrical current to the skin and subcutaneous layers causing a tightening of the skin. It is proven to be one of the only treatments to treat sagging skin and cellulite without surgery. Visible results are seen from the first treatment!
The treatment is not painful and no recovery time is necessary.
TriPollar technology painlessly delivers focused and optimal RF energy to the skin surface and to subcutaneous fat layers. Controlled energy is delivered via three or more electrodes , centered between them, and limited only to the treatment area. This focused delivery results in improved treatment efficacy that provides immediate visible results from the 1st treatment. The treatment is painless and pleasant because of the relatively low power needed.
TriPollar integrated preset parameters allow practitioners to choose between body and/or facial treatments. Targeted facial treatment regenerates collagen fibers in the dermis layer. Targeted body treatments shrink fat cells in the hypodermis layer and accelerate collagen regeneration.
The first generation of RF technology used one electrode to deliver electrical energy and a return pad connected to the leg or back to close the electrical circuit. The electric current had to pass through a large part of the body and flow through the vascular system so that there was no control over penetration depth.
The next generation bi-polar technology used two electrodes, with the current flowing between the two. This confined the treatment area somewhat, but still did not achieve effective focus.
Since both

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.38164
Retrieved Text: There has long been controversy surrounding the potential benefits or hazards of fasting. On one hand, supporters of fasting point to the many benefits that they claim fasting provides. This includes promoting weight loss, normalizing insulin sensitivity, lowering triglyceride levels in the body and slowing the signs of aging. There are a number of different ‘fasting plans’ ranging from intermittent fasting lasting, on average, 14 to 18 hours to longer-term plans abstaining from solid foods for 2 to 3 days. Each is said to carry their own benefits and challenges, offering options for everyone.
The findings may provide considerable promise for those that are susceptible to disease, currently receiving chemotherapy treatments or simply for our aging population. The research showed that the act of fasting triggered a switch to flip in the body, signalling it to begin a “stem-cell based regeneration of the hematopoietic system.” It forced the body to use up its stores of glucose, fat and ketones, and also started to break down a large number of white blood cells. The loss of white blood cells flagged the body to, in turn, regenerate new immune system cells.
Professor Longo explained, “When you starve, the system tries to save energy, and one of the things it can do to save energy is to recycle a lot of the immune cells that are not needed, especially those that may be damaged.” This would mean that according to the study’s findings the process of fasting for a 72-hour period of time followed by re-feeding with a healthy, nutritionally focused

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.266508
Retrieved Text: Medical doctors require proof of a technologies claim of regeneration with verification by MRI. Few companies would dare expose themselves to this type of review.
Presented below are MRI’s of before treatment and after treatment. The proof that professionals require.
Arthrogen GOLDIC is not a drug! GOLDIC activates the up-regulation autologous proteins from the patient’s blood from 10 to 1000 times in 24 hours of incubation. It is these proteins when injected that stimulate site-specific Stem Cell Production, Up-Regulation of Site-Specific Cells, and other Proteins, these causes regeneration.
The precise function and regulation of the cells cytoskeleton are critical to the success of the healing process, and its manipulation may, therefore, facilitate regenerative healing and not scar tissue. 90% of the cells cytoskeleton is made of Actin. The Gelsolin Protein in Blood binds Actin to build healthy regenerated tissue. Arthrogen Goldic Upregulates Gelsolin by up to 10 times without side effects . PRP, IRAP, Stem Cells, Laser, Cytowave or Shockwave Therapies Do Not.
To regenerate injuries and prevent scar tissue development, regeneration proteins from blood (illustrated below), must be up-regulated. Arthrogen GOLDIC up-regulates in 24 hours of incubation the specific proteins necessary that feed the injured cells what is needed for regeneration.
Arthrogen is a young biotechnology company specializing in the development of effective methods and technologies for the treatment of degenerative and inflammatory diseases. The products and methods of Arthrogen are based on stimulating the body’s own proteins, growth factors, and cytokines such that the body can repair injured or damaged tissue itself. These technologies are protected by worldwide patents.
Arthrogen

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.246964
Retrieved Text: Bone regeneration is a complex process requiring an orchestrated number of molecular and cellular mechanisms. Although bone regeneration takes place throughout a lifetime for normal healing, regeneration may be impaired by pathological states such as osteoporosis, osteonecrosis, and non-union fractures. Currently, a number of therapies are available for treating pathogenesis, such as autologous bone grafts, small molecule agents, tissue engineering, and the use of osteoprogenitor cells. Other therapies including small compounds, growth factors, and cytokines are being used for a targeted approach. Orthobiologics are also being used for healing bones. The use of mesenchymal stem cells and osteoprogenitor cells as enhancers of healing is also being considered as a regenerative therapeutic approach. Biomaterial approaches using synthetic osteoconductive scaffolds are already in clinical use and continue to advance and gain traction as regenerative aids. Recent advances in scientific understanding of the molecular and cellular processes underlying bone regeneration have elevated therapeutic techniques to new frontiers.
This book provides an overview of the bone biology in normal homeostasis and in pathological conditions, along with clinical therapies currently considered and those being developed for future use. Considering bone health is essential for maintaining the health of vertebrate animals as a whole. While bones are susceptible to injury, they also have excellent regenerative capacities, which bring about great interest among researchers in varied disciplines. In this book, we have compiled a series of chapters from the diverse points of view of experts in different fields. The cellular and molecular mechanisms regulating bone biology are examined at length. The importance of hormonal

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.246862
Retrieved Text: Arthritis, Migraines/Headaches, Carpal Tunnel, Rotator Cuff, Sciatica, Wounds, Ankle Sprains, Plantar Fasciitis, Diabetic Neuropathy, Inflammation, Tendinitis/Strains, shingles, Back pain, Neck pain, Hip pain, intercostallic pain and much more.
When cells are damaged they are unable to work at their full potential. Laser treatments work by penetrating into target areas and supplying that area with billions of photons at specific wavelengths. This stimulates the mitochondria of cells to produce higher levels of ATP which is what fuels the repair and regeneration of cells. This makes your body naturally increase regeneration and accelerate the healing process.
Laser therapy treatments can be performed on their own or in conjunction with a manual chiropractic adjustment. In order to achieve maximum results it is highly recommended that the first three treatments are done three days in a row. We do ask that you book appointments for any laser treatments as we are only able to do so many in a day, If you think laser treatments might be right for you please book an appointment with one of our chiropractor to discuss a treatment plan that works best for you.

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What does digestion absorb?" and the following answer choices: 
- food
 - lipids
 - oxygen
 - blood
 - sugar
 - O2
 - water
 - Energy

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and proper digestion is vital for nutrient absorption, choose the best answer.

Target Text: food

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.942657
Retrieved Text: What is the role of HCl in physiology of digestion?
What is chymosin? Give its functions.
What are the four functions of bile salts?
What is the enteric nervous system, and what is its function?
What role do paracrines play in digestion? Give specific examples.
How is it possible for enterocytes to absorb glucose and pass it unchanged into the bloodstream?
What are the structures which form the boundaries of the mouth?
What are the four basic processes of the digestive system?
What is the role of GI stem cells?
What are the functions of villi?
Give composition of digestive juices and their role in digestion.
Why digestion of a diet is required?
How does butter in your food get digested and absorbed in the body?
Discuss the main steps in the digestion of proteins as the food passes through different parts of the alimentary canal.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 22.96759
Retrieved Text: Innovations in organic farming have brought in new methods and ways to provide healthy energy and digestion options. Thankfully, more Canadians are becoming aware of the value of quality digestion. It can be linked to many parts of the body. But, how? The below is an overview of healthy digestion support in the body, and what organic produce and root tea from Kiss Me Organics can help.
Toxins will accumulate throughout the body. This can take effect a number of ways. The most obvious is the accumulation of waste in the intestines. Few Canadians take seriously their own lack of quality digestion, and build-up will make them sicker. The accumulation of this waste, in even the slightest ways, will promote toxin development and production. The toxins have a direct impact on the liver and kidneys. The liver is the blood factory of the body, and the source of quality blood circulation to and from the heart. Kidneys absorb and allocate nutrients from the blood.
The kidneys are directly correlated to healthy digestion and the removal of toxins. The kidneys can easily by overburdened by toxin growth, which brings everything full circle. Toxins from the intestines accumulate in the kidneys and liver. Both of these organs are greatly strained by this excess toxin production.
The kidneys mostly absorb nutrients, but what happens why they are “busy” fighting off toxins? The kidneys consequently absorb less nutrients, which makes even the best vitamins and organic products less effective. It becomes a chain link, where the lack of nutrients decreases cognitive potential. It

########
Rank: 2
Score: 22.4142
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Bodybuilding / How Much Protein Can The Body Absorb?
Even if you are not a bodybuilder, then still you might be aware with the fact that protein – the macro nutrient responsible for rebuilding and repairing the muscle tissue and it is significantly important. Without enough amount of protein intake, gains will be limited, even if you are following an excellent training regime. There are many statements said and taken as the truth in the world; that body can absorb not more than 30 to 50 grams of protein in one sitting.
So, what do you think it is true or not?
Before answering the above question, it is mandatory to examine how protein is digested. There is a whole cycle between the consumption and growth. Protein is ingested in the mouth, where chewing has to perform a short order of the typically dense protein rich food stuff such as meat, fish, eggs and etc. – breaking them down into smaller particles and pieces to aid digestion.
When protein reaches to the stomach, the procedure of digestion begins. Very far from being an inactive chamber, the stomach is an active organ that is filled with acid- sodium chloride, hydrochloric acid and potassium chloride that together encompass gastric juice.
When protein is introduced to this acidic mix, a chemical breakdown begins. Digestive enzymes, including trypsin, pepsin, protease and peptidase are activated enduring the process.
When the digestion process comes near to the completion, the amino acid enters into the intestinal cells where they move into the bloodstream and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.317999
Retrieved Text: Does The Keto Diet Give You Digestion Issues?
Real-Zymes™ Keto Is Specifically Formulated With High Amount of Lipase (Fat-Digesting Enzymes) to Help Maximize Food Digestion. It Is a Natural Relief for Bloating, Gas, Belching, Diarrhea, Constipation, IBS, etc.
World's only enzyme supplement developed specifically to digest food on a Keto Diet. Until now, enzyme supplements have been "One Size Fits All." Yet, if you follow a Keto type plan, you eat far more fat, fewer proteins, and far fewer carbohydrates. You need more fat digesting enzymes, and not as many for carbs. By customizing the formula to fit your unique food intake, Real-Zymes™ Keto can improve your digestion as no other enzyme supplement can.
Real-Zymes™ are packed with several different Protease, Lipase and Amylase enzymes, along with others (like Maltase, Invertase, Xylanase, Pectinase, Phytase, and Beta Glucanase) that finish the digestion process. Together, these enzymes optimize digestion, which reduces bloating, belching, diarrhea, constipation, acid reflux and other digestive complaints.
Enzymes are the tools that break down fats, carbs, and proteins into particles you can absorb and distribute to cells. Poor digestion means poor nutrient absorption, which robs cells of the nutrients they need to perform at peak efficiency. For this reason, better digestion improves every aspect of health.
Constipation and related issues regarding regularity are largely the result of poor digestion. With a premium enzyme product, problems with irregularity will begin to improve.
GMO Free, Sugar Free, Soy Free, Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Wheat Free, Nut Free, Shellfish Free, Vegetarian, Vegan. Made in a cGMP facility in the United States.
If you’re not

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.083155
Retrieved Text: Arrange tomato slices on a large platter (or on individual plates if you are doing individual portions).
Drizzle olive oil and balsamic vinegar over the top.
True Italian Insalata Caprese is served with mozzarella cheese and does not have vinegar. Removing the cheese makes this dish friendly to those with dairy sensitivities and adding vinegar adds flavor and stimulates digestion. Just what an appetizer is designed to do!
Tomatoes are a good source of vitamins A, vitamin C and especially the potent antioxidant, lycopene. This is not only what gives the tomato it’s red color, but also provides anti-inflammatory, detoxifying and blood sugar balancing benefits. The olive oil in this recipe will help to absorb all this wonderful nutrition!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.887873
Retrieved Text: "We are what we eat" sounds true at first but, more accurately, we are what we eat, break down, absorb, transport to cells, use, and don't eliminate. TV commercials would have us believe that none of those are important and that: (1) Stomach acid is evil; (2) It is the only cause of acid reflux; (3) Acid-blocking drugs fix the problem; and (4) Those drugs can be safely used for years. Not so!
(1) Stomach acid is our first line of defense against invading bacteria. It also helps to: digest protein; absorb calcium, iron, magnesium and zinc; produce vitamin B12; and absorb folic acid. Acid also triggers later stages of digestion and indirectly promotes beneficial intestinal bacteria.
(2) Heartburn occurs because stomach acid gets into the esophagus where it doesn't belong. Period. Of the many reasons it does, excess stomach acid is the least likely cause. Surprisingly, especially in older persons, heartburn is often due to too little stomach acid.
(3) Fine print in ads warns that acid-blocker drugs are approved to use for only 2-4 weeks. Given the crucial role of stomach acid, we shouldn't be surprised that long term use of acid-blockers is blamed for increased risk of hip fracture, dementia and pneumonia. Evidence also links them to asthma, osteoporosis, gall bladder disease, macular degeneration, obesity, and worse. After taking the drugs in a study, people with no previous heartburn became dependent on them.
A person in pain wants to feel better fast. One effective first aid for acid indigestion is Aloe Vera juice. For millennia Aloe has

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.80682
Retrieved Text: Healthy digestive function is the first critical step for the body to absorb and utilize vital nutrition from the diet. There are many factors which can negatively impact the body's ability to properly break down and absorb both macro and micronutrients contained within food.
Digestive Enzymes Clinical Strength delivers a full spectrum of enzymes, including those that our body does not produce, in order to promote the optimal digestion of dietary proteins, fats, complex and simple carbohydrates, including hard to digest plant fibers.
Taken as directed, this formula may also help provide relief from occasional common digestive complaints including gas and bloating.
Vegetable Cellulose, Rice Bran and Water.
1 capsule with meals as needed, or as recommended by a healthcare practitioner.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.757675
Retrieved Text: Digestion enzymes have to be in muches in order for the digestive system to work correctly. Particularly, the enzymes work to facilitate the absorption and breakdown of fats, carbohydrates and proteins so the gastrointestinal system remains clean, increase immunity, and raise energy levels.
The body typically produces gastrointestinal enzymes, but ageing and eating cooked and processed foods deplete the body of these necessary enzymes. When that happens you are going to feel some discomfort in your stomach, bloated and without energy, and since your digestion system is impaired, you may also experience either diarrhea or irregularity.
1. Consume raw vegetables. Raw vegetables (assuming they are organic) include live enzymes at a 40/60 ratio. Now exactly what does this figure show? Well it means that the live enzymes in a particular food can digest 40 approximately 60 % of that food. This implies to say that gastrointestinal system will care for just the 60 % or 40 % of the food. Cooked foods do not have live enzymes and this leaves it all up to the gastrointestinal system to do all the work. The pancreas needs to work additional tough to double the production of enzymes to absorb the food. This stresses the pancreas, and the digestion system.
2. Chew your food carefully. Chewing actually sets off the gastrointestinal process. It breaks down food so it ends up being simpler to absorb when it reaches the stomach. Chewing likewise produces more saliva which is an abundant source of enzymes. But chewing food does not have the exact same result as

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.332888
Retrieved Text: How digestion can effect your body plus help with improving your: Energy, core function, diastasis recti, pelvic floor function and so much more!
Everything in the body is connected together, which is one of the biggest concepts that I teach. It’s not just about spot training to reduce belly bloat or help you get healthy! I talk to my moms all the time about the importance of their deep core and how pregnancy can change the body.
I’m going to discuss the importance of digestion for your health, your pregnancy, and your postpartum recovery. You’ll also discover how it relates specifically to bloating, improving your core strength, and optimal absorption of the good, wholesome foods you are eating!
First, what is your deep core?
It includes your abdominal muscles but also includes your pelvic floor, your intestines, your stomach, and your entire body will benefit from focusing on your digestion, especially for moms! In pregnancy, there are huge changes to your body, and the majority of the obvious changes happen to moms core. Although we see the growing belly and think about the reproductive changes, we often forget that our organs and intestines and deeply affected by the changes in this space.
In pregnancy, everything moves up. Including the organs that process food into fuel and waste. This means our bodies attempt to 1) make room for a growing baby, and 2) help us absorb more and waste less. While this is a great tool for ensuring baby and mom are well nourished, it can slow down digestion.
Eating whole foods that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.287167
Retrieved Text: Horace fletcher, an American health food expert, was famous for his chewing. He advocated chewing his food at least 100 times per minute to be exact. Fletcher postulated that by excessively chewing, the food would mix properly with saliva. He claimed that by chewing thoroughly he could draw more strength from lesser amounts of food. At the ripe age of 58, fletcher decided to test his theory. He went up against athletes from Yale university in tests of Strength and Endurance. He outperformed them in every test, arousing curiosity and earning their respect.
Interesting how something that seems as insignificant as chewing your food can supposedly have such effects. To clarify, lets take a closer look at the known benefits of proper chewing.
Increasing the number of chews per bite affects hormone release in the gut that regulates appetite (3). One of these hormones, Ghrelin is found in high concentrations in the blood when fasting and suppressed after eating. Low amounts of Ghrelin signals for the decrease in hunger.
Chewing your food well takes time, but this gives the body a chance to activate hormones involved in turning off appetite. Less food is consumed as a result (2), decreasing the amount of calories taken on board. Having smaller portions as a result of feeling fuller sooner gives an advantage to those trying to control their weight by consuming less calories.
Chewing more from each bite of food affects the rate of thermogenesis (1). This refers to the heat produced during digestion. An increased rate of thermogenesis increases daily Energy Expenditure

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.197266
Retrieved Text: Good digestion is fundamental for natural health. A normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system is what absorbs nutrients from your diet that improves your health.
As the father of natural health, John Harvey Kellogg wrote long ago, "It is not what one eats that nourishes him, but what he digests."
Think about it. If you are unable to properly breakdown, digest, and absorb the nutrients from what you eat then you are NOT going to make very much progress towards a state of wellness, when you do NOT even possess health to begin with.
This is not a cavalier attempt to throw out the baby with the bathwater, but merely acknowledgment that all of natural health has a starting point, which is a normal, fully intact, and healthy digestive system.
In a classic chicken or the egg controversy, when someone asks you which should come first in natural health programs: Exercise or Eating Healthy Whole foods the correct answer should be neither. In all health issues, good digestion always comes first. Good digestion is what extracts the nutrients from the food that you eat which in turn is what makes good health possible. Good health in turn enables natural health advocates to develop wellness.
Therefore, what are we talking about here? Poor digestion covers everything from digestive problems like Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), stomach ulcers, and leaky gut syndrome; to food allergies and autoimmune diseases.
In natural health, a healthy state of digestion must be preserved at all costs. The good news is that healthy digestion comes naturally, and is rather

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.153078
Retrieved Text: Improving your digestion is one of the most effective ways to improve health and boost energy. Making sure the nutrients you eat are well-absorbed is even more important than what you eat. Poor digestion is indicated by fatigue or lethargy after meals, bloating and gas (burping, flatulence), heartburn, acid indigestion, and acid reflux. Good digestion depends on a number of factors. Eating simple meals consisting of food combinations that do not overstep the body’s enzymatic limitations is one of the most important.
Avoid eating under stress or when in a hurry. The stomach has difficulty producing acid – required to digest food – when you feel anxious. Taking a few deep breaths before eating will help you relax. Salivating at the thought or sight of food is a good indication the digestive system is ready to receive food.
1. Chew your food carefully. Chewing each bite until it’s a paste reduces the amount of work the rest of your digestive system must perform. Chewing also helps you relax and enjoy the tastes, textures and aromas.
2. Eat slowly and stop when you’re satisfied – not full. Eating slowly allows enough time for the digestive system to communicate satiety to the brain. Overeating slows digestion and encourages bad habits.
3. Avoid distractions when eating. You cannot focus on your food if you are watching television, reading, or arguing while eating. Listening to quiet music, or enjoying pleasant conversation in a relaxed environment, is conducive to good digestion.
4. Limit the amount of fluids consumed with meals to approximately 4 oz. or less

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.126568
Retrieved Text: The digestive system provides for the function of the human body to take in consumptions, ingest those consumptions, break down complex molecules that make up those consumptions, absorb the necessary components our bodies need to function, and proceed to remove the waste product. This process is performed through means of complex mechanic and chemical digestion, and uses several major organs and components of the body to perform these processes. Additional functions are performed by hormones and enzymes secreted through various parts of the digestive organs as well. As a result of these functionals, the body is enabled to maintain homeostasis, and live ultimately healthier lives. However, health risks from various forms of problems and disorders within the digestive system can be altered significant amounts from consuming foods and substances that will have a negative affect on our bodies. Fortunately, we have the ability to pick and choose what goes into our digestive tract, and what does not.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 20.729885
Retrieved Text: All health really does begin in your gut. Your digestive system is more than just the place you break down food and absorb nutrients. Your digestive system is home to 70% of all your immune system cells and 90% of your total serotonin production and storage, giving it a vital role to play in total mind-body health & wellness.
Poor digestive health may be affecting more than just your digestion and impacting your overall health in profound ways. Dr. Carly Wendler, a local experienced ND will take through the food choices, lifestyle factors, and supplements required for optimal gut function and health.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 20.598883
Retrieved Text: You are what you digest and absorb and this is why gut health is so important. The purpose of healthy digestion is to turn food you eat into fuel for you cells. Symptoms of poor digestion are fatigue, bloated, constipation or diarrhoea, hormonal imbalance and uncontrollable weight gain or loss.
If are suffering from any of the above to just want to improve your gut health, here are our top 5 tips!
3. Eat more fibre – greens, fruit, beans, oats, chia seeds, psyllium husk etc.
4. Go gluten free for 4 weeks – if it improves your energy and digestive function, cut it out for good!
5. Manage your stress levels – take time for yoga, a run or some meditation –it will work a treat!
Find all of the above at Norton Plaza's Harris Farm!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 20.524355
Retrieved Text: Digestion is a complex process, involving a wide variety of organs and chemicals that work together to break down food, absorb nutrients, and eliminate wastes. But have you ever wondered what would happen if some of those organs were eliminated, or if the sequence was changed? Can the digestive system be improved? Find out by designing your own digestive system with the Digestive System Gizmo.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 20.39507
Retrieved Text: Get your sweat on. Sweating can help release toxins from your body so find an excuse to hit up the sauna or make a trip to the gym. Getting back into an exercise routine will also have a positive impact on your overall mood and health.
Take a break from the booze. Indulging in a little extra merriment is to be expected during the festive season. Giving up booze, even for a short period of time, will have several benefits. Alcohol can interfere with sleep, dampen your regular brain function, and leave you feeling dehydrated.
Focus on fresh whole foods. Eat astringent foods such as apple, oranges, grapefruits, and papaya. Bitter and astringent foods help digestion by stimulating bile production. Improving your digestion also enables your body to absorb more nutrients.
Hydrate! Hydration is key to keeping your body well-balanced. Dehydration can leave people feeling sluggish but drinking water will increase blood and oxygen flow to your brain thus improving cognitive function. Hydration is important for detoxification too. Water is essential for kidneys to process waste and flush toxins from your body.
Drink herbal infusions. Toxins are temporarily stored in fat, and certain teas can help to clear the toxins. For example, dandelion is a known diuretic and promotes the clearing of toxins. Ginger helps reduce inflammation and aid digestion, thus strengthening your gut and increasing the body’s ability to absorb nutrients. Dandelion is featured in our Purify & Detoxify tea. Ginger is featured in both our Purify & Detoxify and Gentle Digestion teas.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 20.334835
Retrieved Text: What's beneath your disturbed digestion? Do you have IBS?
It’s not uncommon for people with disturbed digestion to think that it’s normal. Perhaps it’s normal for you. But when we compare what’s going on for you with healthy digestion and patterns of health, it can help with pinpointing the cause of the problem.
You are probably familiar with the phrase “We are what we eat” but time has shown that this is somewhat simplistic. We are what we eat, digest, absorb and assimilate. When the digestion isn’t working optimally, all kinds of things can go wrong. The list below outlines the most common indicators that you could benefit from support to get your troubled tummy sorted.
You don’t feel well. When the gut bacteria are out of balance the signals they create can affect your mood, energy and general sense of well being.
You get bloated after eating. Having to loosen your trousers or consciously hold in your belly suggests you’ve got an accumulation of gas in your intestines. That might be uncomfortable too!
You burp a lot. Bacterial gases are responsible for that. Sometimes you might have #5 as well.
Reflux is a problem. Maybe you’re taking acid-reducing medication (antacids or omeprazole/losec). Perhaps that helped a little bit, but the problem is still there/.
You’ve been diagnosed with iron and/or vitamin B12 deficiency. This is especially significant if you are not a vegetarian, as you are expected to NOT have a problem with levels of these nutrients.
You get brain fog. Bacterial by-products can do this.
Weight management is an issue. Either you’re underweight

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.041595
Retrieved Text: Each of the six food flavors has beneficial effects on the body, according to ayurvedic thought. Sweet foods are building blocks and they calm nerves, while salty stuff lubricates tissues and increases appetite. Bitter foods detox, and pungent or spicy foods rev up metabolism and get digestion going. Sour is cleansing, and astringent foods balance fats and absorb water. But you don't need to remember (or even believe) that this is what these food flavors do to get benefits.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.99902
Retrieved Text: Good health starts with a healthy stomach and digestive system so nutrient-rich foods are able to be digested and absorbed. Gastro-Digest II is a two-stage formula designed to support digestion—first in the stomach and then through the gallbladder, liver, pancreas and intestines.
Helps the digestive system absorb nutrients for a healthy body.
Assists in destroying and eliminating ingested toxins, bacteria and other micro-organisms.
Supports the liver, gallbladder and bile duct as they break down, store and use fat.
Good health starts with a nutritious diet, but it also depends on a healthy stomach and digestive system. If these are not functioning optimally, even the most nutrient-rich food will not digest well and the nutrients will not be absorbed. The undigested food becomes toxic to the body. Malnourishment and toxins can cause a long list of symptoms including bad breath, heartburn, gas, bloating, belching, pain, constipation, and/or diarrhea, allergies and even emotional anxiety.
Gastro-Digest II is a two-stage formula designed to support digestion. The first stage assists the stomach where acid is used to break down proteins. The second stage of the formula is enteric coated, which protects the ingredients from the stomach acid. They remain intact to be utilized by the gallbladder, liver, pancreas and intestine where the major part of digestion and nutrient assimilation occurs.
Betaine HCl: Hydrochloric acid is manufactured in the stomach. It breaks down fats and proteins and destroys ingested bacteria and microorganisms. The body uses hydrochloric acid to absorb calcium, protein, vitamin B12 and iron.
Amino Acids: Glutamic acid HCl metabolizes sugars and fats.
Beet Root is anti-inflammatory. It

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.87472
Retrieved Text: Stress is becoming one of the most prevalent causes of any chronic diseases in our lives today. The more advanced societies, the more pressure people will feel in their daily lives. Stress is fight or flight, either fighting as hard as you can or run away as fast as possible. For instance, when we are chased by a lion, it is stress! So it sounds like a protective event against damages and even premature death! Then why should it be a bad thing! The problem is that it becomes a chronic issue in many and some people are stressed all the time! It becomes chronic in us and now we have a problem. What stress does to the body is to draw blood from the viscera (the gut) and sends it to the limbs instead! Remember, it is fight or flight! When not enough circulation to the gut, there will be not enough power to support the digestion either.
The source of health in us is to have a good circulation. As a result, not only digestion becomes a burden, there will be less ability to absorb nutrient either. After a while, the nutritional deficiencies overwhelm all the cells throughout the entire body. At the same time, stress is the most acidifying factor in our body. When the body is acidic, it becomes predisposed to degeneration. The tissues and organs basically melt in the excessive acid. Health, on the other hand, is alkaline!
The Quantum Biofeedback technology is an FDA approved device to assess and treat the parameters

########
Rank: 21
Score: 19.76706
Retrieved Text: FitnFly – Fat Loss and Muscle Gain How much protein can your body absorb at once? | Is There a Limit?
Yes, I did not make that up. Although to some it may seem ridiculous, for those who are unaware of the validity of this entire “absorption theory” it may not seem so. So how much protein can your body really absorb at once? Certainly more than you might believe!
The whole basis of the claim that your body has a limit on how much protein it can absorb at once is…well, unfounded. It really has no valid origin that it has been derived from, and I don’t really understand how it has become such a popular myth. Well, then again I could certainly see how the supplement industry would benefit from such claims. However, its origins are far from important. What we want to focus on is dismantling this myth with some common sense explanations.
The body is a wonderful thing, and its adaptive abilities have allowed us to become the efficient species we are today. Imagine the time before agriculture, when we still had to hunt for food and would go long periods of time in between our hunts. Would all that meat we’d devour in one sitting get tossed out by our bodies because we had too much protein at once? Would the body go: “oh look, that’s about 80 grams right there….25 will do, the rest is out!”? No, it would adapt the large feed to its needs and provide energy for a long enough

########
Rank: 22
Score: 19.718506
Retrieved Text: Studies show that consuming a high-fiber diet can lower your risk for heart disease. Soluble fiber reduces total and LDL cholesterol levels and improves insulin resistance. Foods containing insoluble fiber are consistently associated with lower rates of cardiovascular disease.
There are two types of dietary fiber: soluble and insoluble. Soluble fibers absorb water during digestion, increasing stool bulk and decreasing cholesterol levels. Insoluble fibers are not impacted by digestion and promote normal movement of intestinal contents. The Institute of Medicine recommends 25 grams per day for women and 38 grams per day for men if under the age of 50. For those over 50-years-old, the recommendation is 30 grams for men and 21 grams for women.
A diet low in fiber increases risk for heart disease, diabetes, diverticular disease, and constipation. Most Americans only consume about 15 grams of dietary fiber daily.
Obtaining needed nutrients in your diet is always preferable to supplements and fortunately there are many foods rich in fiber. What can you do to ensure you receive 25 to 38 grams of dietary fiber daily? Let’s navigate the grocery store to determine what departments and aisles to include on your shopping list for fiber-rich foods.
Try a Black Bean and Brown Rice Salad providing 10 grams of fiber per 1 ½ cup serving.
Pumpkin Rinse canned vegetables in water to reduce sodium content.
Note: Purchasing frozen produce does not compromise fiber content.
Most high fiber foods fit into a “two birds with one stone” category. For example, not only are raspberries and blackberries high in fiber, they are also high

########
Rank: 23
Score: 19.691725
Retrieved Text: Your digestive system is where it all begins. You won't produce energy, have a balanced mood, or fight illness if you can’t digest, break down, and absorb nutrients. There are many simple things you can do to keep your digestive system healthy, many of which are completely free. Whether it’s exercise, stress reduction, or even enzyme or probiotic supplementation, all can provide enormous benefit to digestive processes.
Digestion begins in the mouth when you begin to chew. In fact, just the act of chewing thoroughly can take a huge strain off your digestive system by prompting your body to provide enzymes to help digestion. Here are a few other things you can do to promote healthy digestion.
Bananas contain approximately 15-20 percent of your daily fiber needs. Bananas also contain fructooligosaccharide, which is a natural compound that encourages growth of beneficial bacteria. This bacteria – termed “probiotics” – is responsible for a myriad of activities in your body, including facilitating the appropriate digestion and elimination of food.  This goes to show that diet, particularly a natural plant-based diet, is incredibly powerful for keeping your digestive system in check.
There are also herbs that can benefit your digestive tract. Two common varieties include organic cilantro and organic dandelion leaf. Cilantro oil is an enzymatic stimulant. It also helps our intestines secrete digestive acids and juices, and it adds fiber to the digestive process. Some people use cilantro to relieve stomach gas and flatulence. Organic dandelion leaf helps detoxify the digestive tract and help stimulate it when it becomes sluggish.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 19.542507
Retrieved Text: Digestion is a fine-tuned, complicated process that allows you to utilize nutrients from the food you eat. Several organs and accessory organs release enzymes that aid in the digestive process. When you eat a meal rich in all of the macronutrients -- carbohydrates, proteins and fats – the digestive enzymes work together to break down the nutrients into particles that are small enough for your body to absorb.
Amylase helps turn carbohydrates into simple sugars, like glucose, that your body can absorb. The enzyme is produced in two places in your digestive tract -- your mouth, via your salivary glands, and your pancreas. The salivary glands release amylase, along with mucus, electrolytes and water, in the form of saliva when food enters your mouth. The amylase in saliva begins the breakdown of starches. When the digested material reaches your duodenum -- the first section of your small intestine -- the pancreas releases amylase to finish the breakdown of carbohydrates so that your small intestine can absorb the sugars.
Lipase breaks the fat you eat down into smaller molecules that can pass through your small intestine and into your blood. Your mouth and stomach produce some lipase, but the largest volume is produced by the pancreas. Most people produce enough lipase to adequately break down the fats they eat, but those with celiac disease, cystic fibrosis and Crohn’s disease may be lacking in the enzyme.
Protein digestion begins in the stomach, but the bulk of digestion occurs in the small intestine where proteases from your pancreas are released. There are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 19.362947
Retrieved Text: Investigating the links between a healthy mouth and your digestion.
Many people believe that digestion only begins the moment food is swallowed however it really begins at the very moment you put the food in your mouth.
Chewing begins the digestive process, releasing saliva, which creates digestive enzymes therefore helping to break down your food. For this very reason, your mouth and oral hygiene plays a huge role in your digestion process.
As we age, one big change is we begin to see changes in our mouth. When these changes occur, it can disrupt our digestive process, causing digestive problems.
Missing teeth can disrupt saliva production and your ability to chew and therefore swallow your food. The very act of chewing is what produces saliva and saliva is the key to producing healthy digestion enzymes.
A lack of teeth means that you can’t brake down your food into smaller pieces allowing for easier swallowing. Not being able to chew your food can lead to indigestion. The chewing process also helps to relax the lower section of the stomach called the pylorus. When saliva is produced through the chewing process, the pylorus relaxes, allowing the food to pass through more freely to the intestines.
Missing teeth can also promote bad gut bacteria as food is left in bigger pieces. When food is not chewed and broken down properly, the digestive tract cannot absorb essential nutrients properly and in turn, undigested food can become food for harmful bacteria and acid reflux issues. Suffers of gastro esophageal reflux disease (GERD) have repeated acid reflux that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 19.27418
Retrieved Text: The Weak Energy Body Constitution refers to a body that does not have enough energy to carry out its regulatory functions normally. Low energy impacts the body as a whole, as well as individual organs. This results in such things as a pallid complexion, weak voice, skin impurities, and other long-term side effects such as hair loss, increased aging and softening of the muscles. The source of these ailments is often a weakened spleen and lungs, the two major organs that regulate energy intake.
Chinese Medicine has established that the spleen regulates the digestion and absorption of food and water into our body. An imbalanced and weakened spleen therefore means that food and water is not effectively digested. Nutrients and energy do not absorb fully into the body, resulting in a lack of energy. A suboptimal intake of vital energy via the lungs during respiration results in a weakening of the immune system and a de-energised state of being.
To find out how to lead a healthy and balanced life if your body type is Weak Energy purchase our detailed 15 pages report.
The Oriental Balance Shan Yao tea not only consists of healing herbs to replenish vital energy, but it also promotes the flowing of vital energy and nourishment of the body by strengthening the Spleen (responsible for effective digestion) and Lung systems. A prolonged treatment with the Shan Yao tea will gradually improve your health and appearance.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 19.177217
Retrieved Text: You spend time and money on the healthiest foods. But how much of it do you actually absorb into your cells? Turns out food combining has a major effect on your digestive efficiency. Foods that digest well together make for a healthy inner ecology. Smart food combining makes a your tummy happy. Poor food combining is a major cause of sluggish brain, heartburn, GERD, flatulence and emotional stress. If you want to optimize your health and save money, food combining is your secret friend.
Increase your assimilation with conscious food combining. Aha!
Research says humans assimilate between 10% and 80% of the food we eat, with the average somewhere between 40 and 60 percent. The undigested food is excreted, recycled back into the Earth. Well, that’s a very large range. How much YOU assimilate fluctuates constantly and is pretty hard to measure. The primary factors are: how well you chew your food, the nutrient-density of the food, the type of food (i.e. starches, proteins, fats), whether it is raw or cooked, the level of life force in the food, enzymes present, your intestinal flora, the health of your organs, your emotional state, stress level, and the amount of toxins, empty calories, or useless material to be eliminated. Other important factors are your metabolism rate, exercise and activity level, the quantity of food you eat, your age, the time of day, your internal body temperature, and the temperature of the food consumed. Wow!
Animals who live on young shoots and new leaves absorb 60 to 70% of the energy taken

########
Rank: 28
Score: 19.100573
Retrieved Text: Digestion problems are fairly common, especially right now because of changes the North American lifestyle and in the production of our food. Highly processed and deep fried foods are terrible for digestion, and because these types of foods are everywhere, it can sometimes be overwhelming and confusing trying to figure out what to eat to make it better. There are a lot of foods that are excellent for digestion though, and which can help keep you and your digestive system in good working order.
The reason why probiotic yogurt is so good for digestion is that it contains live cultures of healthy bacteria that aid in digestion. These probiotics can also help fight off bad bacteria, and keep your gut healthy in general. Research has shown that eating yogurt containing live and active cultures can help relieve symptoms of problems in the digestive system like diarrhea, constipation, and inflammatory bowl disease. There are also other nutrients in yogurt, like calcium, that are good for your health in general.
Not only do bananas contain fibre, which is a known helper to the digestive system, bananas also contain potassium which can be a helpful nutrient for the digestive tract too. The reason bananas are a particularly good source of fiber is that they contain two different types – soluble and insoluble.
Both are good for the digestive system, but for different reasons. Insoluble fiber helps with smooth digestion, while soluble fiber helps regulate blood sugar, and can help keep your intestines healthy. In addition to helping with digestion, there is also

########
Rank: 29
Score: 19.023474
Retrieved Text: What are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods. admin november 1, 2018 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods 2018-11-01t05:25 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods; will dehydration cause sugar levels to rise; vincent pedre md vegetable not to eat; ketone mg/dl vs mmol conversion; dr pedre vegetable to avoid; american diabetes. dr. pedre on. Making these 10 digestive-health superfoods mainstays of your diet can help get rid of troublesome gastrointestinal issues. by dr. mercola. the digestive process seems simple on the surface. you put a food in your mouth, chew it up, and swallow. then your body breaks down your food into components your body can utilize and absorb.. Three more trendy “superfoods” to avoid. posted on january 9, a vital digestive enzyme, to break down and digest proteins from the saliva to the small intestines. but soybeans, if not properly prepared, contain an anti-trypsin factor that blocks trypsin. sometimes you need up-to-the-minute information and opinions on the day’s.
Bariatric surgical treatment for weight-loss to reverse type 2 sugar diabetes. 4 superfoods to cure your digestive issues and give you more energy. When it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. – blackmores 7 superfoods for digestion 9126 views 3 min to read. when it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. our digestive system can only be as healthy as the food we eat, and all fruits and vegetables go a long way to keeping it in good.
7 superfoods that help digestion. the digestion process is an intricately choreographed ballet during

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What is needed for the body to grow and remain healthy?" and the following answer choices: 
- Organic compounds
 - Hair on the head
 - carbohydrates
 - Fast response time
 - The digestive system
 - Hair on the feet
 - deoxyribonucleic acid
 - organic molecules

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and nutrients are needed for the body to grow and remain healthy, choose the best answer.

Target Text: The digestive system

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 25.280119
Retrieved Text: Having a proper nutritional intake is very important to anyone who is living. Of all of the possible nutrients that the body needs, one of the most important is the proteins, they are required for everything from bones to muscles and skin. It is for that reason that not only have the concept of high protein diets become popular, but they also work too.
Out of all the nutrients you ingest, protein is required for repairs to any of your body’s organs. The body also uses this protein to make hormones as well as antibodies. These chemicals like hormones are needed to help increase the body’s metabolism which in turn helps the body burn off excess storage with more ease. The nutrient protein is made up of various amino acids which are needed for life. These amino acids are classified as essential and nonessential amino acids. Out of the 20 forms of this acid that is needed by the body for daily function, only 12 of them are actually produced by the body itself.
One of the biggest problems with the high protein diets are that in order to work, the protein that you take in needs to be of a higher quality and is often called a complete protein. What it means to be a complete protein, is that it simply contains the remaining 8 amino acids that the body needs to survive.
There is however, such a thing as too much protein. As we age and as other complications occur, the amount of protein that our body

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.798155
Retrieved Text: Diet and diet products have helped numerous individuals maintain fitness, by supplying essential minerals and vitamins within an otherwise poor diet. Diet and diet is essential for everybody but it’s particularly important for runners, or individuals who exercise intensely. If you’re dieting, you’re ill, or else you are regularly eating a quick-food diet, you ought to be especially worried about what your family are becoming as healthy diet and diet out of your food.
Diet is essential for everybody because food gives our physiques the nutrients they have to remain healthy, grow, and work correctly. In 2005, the government’s revised Nutritional Guidelines for Americans introduced the word “nutrient density,” which sounds complicated but merely describes just how much diet a food provides. Nutrient density is particularly important when overall diet and health is recognized as.
The results of the greatest supplements are improved by proper diet and physical exercise, because when individuals eat well and workout, they think better, convey more energy and therefore are less vulnerable to health issues. Health insurance and diet products might help make sure that sufficient amounts of nutrients provide the body what it must remain healthy.
As you can tell, good dietary habits and sufficient calorie intake are important. However, it’s desirable also to maintain intake with a minimum of some milk products simply because they represent such an excellent source of diet, particularly calcium and protein, adding to much more good diet. And, good diet basically means a healthy body.
In conclusion, while diet and diet might not lead to causing IBS, and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.062693
Retrieved Text: Your body will be healthier and less prone to sicknesses and diseases when it has more alkaline intake than acid, therefore, you should be consuming more food and drinks that contain these healthy substances, for example, alkaline water and vegetables.
Water that is alkalized is healthy water and this is more recommended for people to drink especially for people who love to eat meat. Those who adore meat and detest certain greens need to have at least some intake of alkaline so that they will remain healthy in a way.
A body that has too much acid is more likely to suffer from illnesses and diseases as someone whose acidic pH is very high affects every single cell and organ. Therefore, this reduces the strength and ability of the human body’s immune system, which makes a person more prone to sicknesses.
When you eat plenty of alkalized foods such as vegetables and drink plenty of alkaline water, you reduce the amount of acid in your body and you also make your body even healthier and fit by providing it with alkaline minerals.
1. Stronger immune system. As previously stated, a body congested with acid is unhealthy because it makes a person more prone to sicknesses and diseases; even just a simple cold already indicates that your body is very acidic because you are not consuming enough vitamins and minerals. When your body has too much acid, it produces the growth of very harmful substances such as bad bacteria and fungi which don’t allow the good cells to function well, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 23.049936
Retrieved Text: The food that we eat provides long-lasting energy to our body and that’s what you require to sustain the smooth functioning of our body. Spending few hours everyday in gym and having strenuous workout sessions deplete our energy stores. So it is important to replenish these stores by having nutritious food. When there will be proper supply of energy, then only our body will grow stronger and its fitness will be maintained.
Thus, our body needs to be fed with energy-providing food, every day. Carbohydrates are mainly responsible in giving energy to our body. Our body easily digests carbohydrates like sugar and starch which are broken down into the two forms of glucose – fructose and galactose. If we don’t have enough carbohydrates, our body can make glucose from protein or fat.
In order to achieve maximum growth, a wide range of amino acids must be consumed every day. Our body uses amino acids to build and repair the muscles in different parts of the body. Amino acids come from protein foods. Our muscles contain proteins, which we need to replenish and refuel after every workout session through your regular nutritious diet.
Protein is also needed for the mechanism of the immune system, nervous system, hormones and organs. The body also requires ample amount of calcium, as it has various functions in the body especially as the mineral that is stored in the bones and teeth. Fats are also needed by the body to stay healthy. Membranes which contain fats surround all the cells of our body. The brain

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.499949
Retrieved Text: One of the most common ailments Americans face is the risk of developing osteoporosis.
It’s far more common for women to develop this crippling maladay, but even men can succumb to it as they move on into their later years.
For years scientists advocated a steady intake of calcium to help increase bone density. But what they’ve found is that consuming calcium, either through diet or supplementation, has no real effect on improving bone density.
This has left scientists puzzled, and even worse, it’s also led to the untimely death of hundreds of thousands.
What researchers have discovered is the increase in calcium intake has had an unintended, and deadly consequence.
What often happens is calcium will move into the arteries, taking up residence there instead of in bones. This in turn has led to an increase in arterial calcification and along with it a rise in the number of heart attacks from too much calcium.
Why is it that calcium supplementation hasn’t helped to increase bone density?
People are deficient in the vitamin needed to help move calcium into the bones.
The vitamin in question is vitamin K2. And hardly any westerners have enough of it in their diet.
One has to do with a lack in dietary K2. K2 is typically found in pasture-raised animals and their byproducts (cheeses, eggs, etc). Because Americans have started to rely on more processed foods, and often times encounter food that’s part of the factory farming system, vitamin K2 exposure has decreased significantly.
Another problem is owing to an imbalance in gut bacteria.
Vitamin K2 is formed naturally in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 22.15119
Retrieved Text: The Girls Inc. Experience equips girls to navigate barriers and grow into healthy, educated, and independent adults.
We live in a country that systematically shuts girls out of opportunities to grow, achieve, and lead. For girls living in poverty and girls of color—who experience even greater inequities—the consequences are magnified.
1 OUT OF EVERY 5 CHILDREN IN THE UNITED STATES LIVES IN POVERTY.
Girls of color are unduly disciplined and devalued in the classroom. Excessive punishment pushes them out of school at inordinate rates.
Girls growing up in poverty are five times more likely to be pushed out of high school before graduating than peers who are financially secure.
Girls Inc. is prepared and dedicated to addressing the complex challenges Girls Face While leveraging the diverse capabilities of girls today.
Girls Inc. opens opportunities to girls today while making our society more equitable for all girls. With Girls Inc., girls grow up healthy, educated, and independent. They break the cycle of poverty and lead change in their communities.
With Girls Inc., girls establish a vital foundation of healthy habits. Girls learn to value themselves and make positive choices, ensuring they grow up—and remain—strong.
Girls Inc. girls achieve in school and beyond. In many cases, they are the first in their families to attend and graduate from college, and they pursue careers in fields that have historically shut out women and people of color.
Girls Inc. girls are resilient. They have the skills and mindsets needed to overcome serious challenges, and to set and achieve their goals.
Girls Inc. girls use their voices, stand up for what

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.971659
Retrieved Text: Having a good body image helps kids feel confident. It adds to their self-esteem. Children with a poor body image don't feel good about their body or looks. A poor body image can take away from a child's self-image. It can lower self-esteem.
A healthy body image grows over time. It starts in babyhood. It builds as kids grow. It changes when kids go through puberty. It gets shaped by what others say. At every stage, parents can do things to help support a child's healthy body image.
Babies and toddlers seem naturally happy with their bodies. They love to kick their feet and play with their toes. They love to squirm and use their bodies to move. Once they can stand and walk, toddlers feel proud when they can do things "all by myself."
As kids grow, they can build good feelings about their bodies. Sometimes it shows. Kids beam with pride when you say how tall they've grown. They smile at themselves in the mirror. They like how they look in a favorite outfit or new haircut. They want you to watch how fast they can run. Or see what they can do on a skateboard.
As they grow, kids may compare themselves with other kids. They want to feel good about how they look. They want to be able to do what other kids can do. When they feel good about how they measure up, it builds their body image.
Kids' bodies change as they go through puberty. The way they feel about their body may change too.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 21.866035
Retrieved Text: Currently, the food companies have convinced people that they are receiving adequate protein with the addition of protein to almost every processed food and supplement. But is this enough to make you feel safe? For athletes and other people who are actively involved in sports, relying on this alone is not enough. Your body needs more this food class to build bigger muscles and repair cells and tissues that are worn out during training.
You can discover that something is wrong, as far as your protein intake is concerned, by looking at some signs in your body. If you see any of the following signs, then there is a reason to be concerned.
As mentioned above, protein is responsible for the growth of new and healthy cells. When this process has sufficient protein, healing from injuries is fast, and the dead cells are replaced by fresh ones. So, those who are having a hard time recovering from small injuries like cuts and wounds should consider this to be a red flag. An adequate amount of proteinous food is needed to equip the body well to repair injuries and fight other illnesses that may also develop.
The brain needs protein to grow and remain healthy. Brain cells that get old and die need immediate replacement with healthy and rejuvenated cells. This happens more efficiently when the appropriate amount of protein is consumed. If you have been experiencing mental fatigue, migraines and forgetfulness on a daily basis, you might not be eating enough protein to supply the needed nutrients. It is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 21.687904
Retrieved Text: With all the somewhat unpleasant symptoms that come with pregnancy, it is a stage where most women really start to tune into their bodies and look for options to stay as healthy as possible to prepare for birth. Pregnancy is a great time to start yoga even if it’s something that you’ve never tried before – most prenatal classes cater for beginners and the only requirement is being past your first trimester!
Prenatal yoga affects the birthing experience in a positive and enhancing way. Looking specifically at a pregnant woman’s body, prenatal yoga is designed to address the most common areas associated with the birthing process.
The pelvic floor muscle: Including exercises to strengthen and importantly learn how to release, a strong pelvic floor enables a woman to carry a baby more comfortably and these exercises can be continued post-partum to aid in recovery.
Posture: As the woman’s body continues to grow and change, the centre of gravity does as well. Poses like Cat/Cow allows the core to work slightly to keep the belly strong. As the belly grows, strain tends to be placed on the lower back, and gentle yoga can really help with this!
Hips: Pregnant woman release a hormone called relaxin that softens the pelvic area and soften joints. Prenatal Yoga will start to bring flexibility into this area to allow for an easier delivery.
However prenatal yoga doesn’t just work on the body, it helps mums-to-be with meditation and breathing exercises important for labour and delivery. By working on the mind as well as the body yoga

########
Rank: 9
Score: 21.48096
Retrieved Text: Home Health What To Eat?
If you are familiar with the expression, "you are what you eat", then you know that nutrition is essential for your general well-being.
It sustains life. It is what make you strong, healthy and active.
It is the study of the food you eat. It shows how nutrients from essential and healthy food give you energy and strength every day. Lack of nourishing food affects the ability of the body and mind to function well.
It is the key to lovely health. Lovely health is the general state of the body and mind at their peak, and protects you from negative physical condition and diseases.
An adequate amount of nutrition will help you live a healthy, happy and stress-free life. In this context, nutrition is vital to everyone. You need to eat the right kind of food at the right amount. small or much nutrients is not healthy for your body. The ideal combination of food to eat ensures proper nutrition to help the body maintain its every day activities. Smart choices are necessary to get optimum benefits from the food you consume.
It is a science that explains complicated interaction of different nutrients to help the body grow, reproduce, perform, and recover.
What is nutrition's role to healthy living?
It is the fuel that makes the mind function at its optimum state. With proper nutrition, the ability of the mind to think, keep in mind, and control the body's systems is assured. Inadequate amount of highly-essential nutrients will slow down mental functions that lead to poor performance.
It helps

########
Rank: 10
Score: 21.412096
Retrieved Text: People grow taller the fastest during childhood and adolescent years. They can reach optimum height, if they maintain proper lifestyle….
People grow taller the fastest during childhood and adolescent years. They can reach optimum height, if they maintain proper lifestyle. It is true that genetics play a huge part in determining whether you can grow tall enough, but you can at least add an inch or two by doing the right technique. If you want to grow taller, you should get enough protein and calcium. Your bones are calcium-based, they won’t grow properly if you don’t get enough calcium from your food. Dairy sources like milk, yogurt and cheese should provide you with ample calcium. If you are concerned about fat intake, you should choose low-fat dairy products. Protein is needed to grow your muscles. Muscles don’t directly make you taller, but a combination of strong bones and muscles, will allow for proper physical structure. You will move and more powerfully, which allow you to become more active.
Each day, you should have 5 to 10 servings of veggies and fruits. If you choose vegetables, try to get dark-colored ones, like spinach and broccoli. Lean meats are also great sources of iron, you should choose lean parts of chicken and turkey. They contain less saturated fats and high amount of protein, to ensure that muscles will grow along with bones. It’s a good idea to eat lean meat along with kidney beans and chick peas, because the dietary fiber will help the digestion process. Another way to ensure

########
Rank: 11
Score: 21.357317
Retrieved Text: Healthy Kids! How To Grow them? - A Healthy Lifestyle is Fundamental to a Slim, Healthy Happy Body!
Home / LATEST NEWS! / Healthy Kids! How To Grow them?
Are we growing healthy kids? Certainly not if we follow prevailing advice from today’s ‘experts’. They advocate that a healthy diet. Particularly for kids. Must include processed foods. Like snack bars, and cereals. In schools today, protein is rarely mentioned. Instead. Our Kids are given a mandatory school lunches. Made up, almost exclusively. Of dangerous manufactured carb foods. Foods that should not be given to kids. Under any circumstances. We need to be very aware that the food industry are grooming future food addicts. If parents are already addicted. What chance are we giving our kids? The fact is, the most important food for kids is protein foods. Kids should be made to know that. And they should know why. Proteins were once known as the building blocks of life. Why? They are the only types of food. That can grow our kid’s skin, bones, muscles, tissue and vital organs. Common sense tells us: They should be the most prominent food in our children’s diet. Instead, experts advocate processed carbohydrates. For example: Cereal for breakfast. Which is a processed food. With no health qualities whatsoever. Cereal manufacturers claim they provide energy. That is a manipulative, false interpretation. It is protein foods that provide the energy. Carb foods can only provide the fuel. If we have no energy to spend. The carb foods will be stored on our body as

########
Rank: 12
Score: 21.336477
Retrieved Text: To help children see the importance of eating healthy and getting exercise to help them grow stronger each day. Provide my students with boooks, pamphlets, and pictures about health, safety, and nutrition.
All About Me (focus on our body parts and do some measuring as in height, foot and hand length, briefly touch on the subject of bones and how they help us). Magazines for collage of healthy foods.
Read The Busy Body Book by Lizzy Rockwell. It's A kid's guide for health, safety, and nutrition. Have a group discussion on what they have learned and what they think.
Explain to your students the reasons why our bodies grow, and ask them to share some activities they do to help them stay active.
To help children understand about the human body draw a skeleton and have the children glue on q-tips for bones. Have your student draw pictures of what they think is healthy eating, and exercise. Ask A doctor to visit and discuss with your students what they can do do to help their bodies grow strongand healthy.
Open the dramatic play area and allow them to act out a play demonstrating what they have learned.
Ask questions and have them answer after the unit is over to see if the information was received and is being practiced.
Give your students a picture of a food pyramid and any pamphlets that you collected from start to finish and a copy of their favorite food and exercise's to do at home with their family.
During regular circle time have the children give you periodic

########
Rank: 13
Score: 21.123201
Retrieved Text: The 10 Commandments For Optimal Health & Fat Loss!
It’s impossible to look great when you feel awful. If you want to feel great you must keep your body healthy by following these 10 commandments!
Maintaining a state of optimal health is essential if you want to build a better body. If the natural balance of health within the body is thrown off, your fat loss efforts will suffer. Nutrition for fat loss, fitness, and health all go hand in hand.
It's impossible to look great when you feel awful if that makes any sense. But if you want to feel great you must keep your body healthy. In order to remain healthy you need to eat whole foods that are left in their natural unaltered state because they are pure, whole, and rich in nutrients. These nutrients will keep your body functioning at its peak, as well as keep you healthy and lean.
Good health is not a gift from above, but rather your chance to show your appreciation of life by doing everything in your power to sustain a high level of well being. Good health is earned and it is always worth working hard for.
There is nothing in life that is more valuable than good health, and there is no reason to go through life suffering with preventable disease and being overweight.
There is also no shortcut or cheap substitute for achieving good health, so if you have been neglecting your nutrition I have laid out a few simple guidelines/rules to follow that will help you create a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 21.12083
Retrieved Text: When we make healthy and living foods our priority, we soon realize the benefits thereof and are less likely to backslide. We feel better physically, we have more energy, our emotions move into a greater state of equilibrium and our blood sugar is balanced which makes us less likely to gorge. The goal with preparing and nourishing ourselves with healthy and living food meals is to keep them simple, pleasing to the eye and pleasurable to the palate. Nourishment should be enjoyable, not just a matter of necessity. There is nothing worse than munching on rice cakes because they are “healthy” and wishing it were a chocolate shake and then wondering, “where was the pleasure in that!?” So instead of depriving ourselves of the things we love, it is important while maintaining a diet that nourishes the body while supporting the awakening of our Soul, to allow ourselves an indulgence from time to time.
I have discovered that there is a direct relationship between nourishing our body and the awakening of the Soul. When we eat healthy, nourishing, living foods, the Soul feels nourished and supported and it has room to move. When the Soul has room to move, it has room to grow and to be birthed through us. When we fill our bodies full of chemically-laden, over-processed, dead and deadening foods, our Soul gets grumpy and lets us know by either making us physically ill or creating emotional havoc. The old adage is true, “We are what we eat,” and if we fill our bodies

########
Rank: 15
Score: 21.087845
Retrieved Text: Weleda was developed in Switzerland in the 1920's. They started by creating one of the world’s first Biodynamic® gardens to grow what they needed. Patients were healed, wellness and balance were restored to them, and never once was a synthetic chemical or lab-made preservative used in the process.
These natural products include ingredients that work with the body to provide holistic healing and beauty.
Sea Buckthorn Creamy Body Wash 200ml and Sea Buckthorn Hand Cream 50ml.
Soap prepared with pure organic plant oils.
With high quality plant oils from sun-ripened seeds and fruits envelop the body in warmth.
Cream with antioxidant, organic pomegranate seed oil to protect your hands from environmental influences and age spots.
This rich hand and nail cream helps to make your skin velvety-soft and supports the growth of healthy and beautiful nails.
A light moisturising cream for normal and combination skin that supplies the skin with intensive hydration, whilst helping regulate its natural balance.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 21.081524
Retrieved Text: Fact: There is no universal dog food.
Pups grow up, but it is important that they grow at the proper rate. The framework of the body is composed of muscle and bone which have to grow in synchrony. Rapid growth rates can stress developing bones and joints resulting in skeletal malformations.
Bones that grow too quickly are less dense making the skeleton, including joints, weak. Exponential growth accompanied by increased body mass puts additional strain on bones and joints. So puppies should not get too fat!
Impacted by growth rate, developmental orthopedic disease (DOD) is more prevalent in large breed dogs. Bone and joint disorders such as hip dysplasia and OCD (osteochondritis dessecans) affect many large breed pups.
Some skeletal problems are associated with genetics and are out of your control. Diet also affects skeletal development and you CAN control what your pup eats!
Just like human children, puppies do best with a balanced diet of nutrients, protein, carbohydrates, and fat. However dogs vary in size way more than people do and need “size-specific” diets. Great Dane pups grow much faster than Chihuahuas so they should eat different foods.
Regardless of size, pups need high energy foods because they expend a lot of energy. They are constantly on the move and burn more calories. Caloric requirements increase drastically during the first 12 months of life, but they need to be regulated. Too many calories leads to obesity later in life which also causes orthopedic problems.
How fast a pup grows has to be carefully regulated. Large breed pups grow A LOT! But they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 21.02287
Retrieved Text: Hair loss is a bigger problem for women than for man. Women tend to focus more on their appearance so losing their hair emotional and stressful problem. In order to find the best remedy for your hair loss you first have to find out what causes it because women can lose their hair for many reasons.
Women who have a deficiency of vitamin B12 experience hair loss. Doctors advise us to take vitamin B12 supplements and biotin. Biotion is found in foods such as eggs yokes and liver. But this kind of diet is not enough, supplements of biotion can be prescribed by the doctor to stop hair loss.
Supplements containing zinc are also recommended. Zinc is able to keep the level of androgens, which are hormones responsible for hair loss, to a minimum. Do not take more zinc than what is provided in a multivitamin. It is of great importance that zinc and copper remain in balance.
Diet is an important element for a healthy skin and hair. Annually billions of dollars are spent on cosmetics that say they improve women’s hair when in fact all that they need is a healthy diet. A poor diet can lead to hair loss and unhealthy hair. The role of the diet is not to make you hair grow but to keep healthy the hair that you still have.
A very important diet ingredient is the Omega-3 fatty acid. Omega-3 fatty acids are always recommended by nutritionists in a diet because they are and essential part of a healthy diet and also

########
Rank: 18
Score: 20.975657
Retrieved Text: Pregnancy is a vulnerable and sensitive time period, for both mother and developing baby. For the mother to be who is in recovery from addiction, this can be an incredible time of hope and restoration as a woman heals from substance abuse.
If you or a loved one is carrying a baby while in recovery from addiction, know that there is tremendous hope for you and the baby. Actively being in recovery in itself is an incredible step towards ensuring that you and your baby stay healthy throughout this special time.
During your pregnancy, it is crucial that you remain under care of an obstetric physician who can properly monitor the development of your baby as well as your health. In addition to your regular prenatal care with your obstetric doctor, it is important to continue to meet with your professional treatment team to address your additional and to stay focused on recovery.
A fundamental part of your pregnancy and addiction recovery is nutrition. Maintaining a healthy diet during pregnancy can help ensure a positive outcome for you and your developing baby. A mother’s nutrient needs are higher than the average person during pregnancy, largely due to the growing baby that is developing inside her body.
In addition to this, a woman in recovery from addiction will also has specialized nutrient needs due to the history of substance abuse. Addiction to drugs or alcohol can rob the body of crucial nutrients needed to thrive, and repairing these damages is necessary to ensure a woman’s body can maintain a healthy pregnancy.
A

########
Rank: 19
Score: 20.96794
Retrieved Text: “Diabesity” is a term used to describe the link between being overweight and diabetes, especially in America. Obesity “refers[s] to body weight that’s greater than what is considered healthy for a certain height,” which can potentially lead to many different problems such as diabetes, and “it is estimated that 63 percent of Americans are overweight or obese.” Treating and preventing diabetes involves incorporating moderate exercise into your daily routine and cutting down on daily caloric intake.
Any additional problems in the feet of those with obesity can be detrimental to foot health. If you have any concerns, contact Dr. Howard Robins of Pennsylvania. Our doctor will treat your foot and ankle needs.
Footwear – Specially made footwear that supports your joints, arches, and ankles, and allows room for good circulation is a great option to mitigate pressure and pain. A podiatrist will help you decide what works best for your specific needs.
Exercise – Exercise will help alleviate the pain and give your feet the strength it needs to support your body. Exercise also increases blood flow to your feet, allowing them to remain healthy and strong.
Most importantly, seek the help of a podiatrist for foot care if something is wrong or doesn’t seem to be working. A podiatrist will help you with any questions or information needed.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact our office in New York, NY. We offer the newest diagnostic and treatment technologies for all your foot care needs.
YOU CAN GET RID OF HERPES?!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 20.93059
Retrieved Text: Just like our ingredients, the secret to a healthy life is simplicity. We offer meal planning, easy pick-ups, on-the-go options, protein-rich snacks, and rejuvenating shakes that will leave you feeling full and refreshed. Our supplement bar is packed with workout essentials to assist you with your goals. With our immense product selection and educational framework, we promote, encourage, and sustain an overall healthy lifestyle. We have everything from your pre-workout to your post-workout to your ex wanting to work-it-out because you look so good! Moo’s Juice is your one-stop-shop to success.
"Energize your mind, body and soul"
Getting more out of life begins with simple choices; create a life that you’re proud to live. We blend ingredients with goals to encourage growth. Created by foodies, our dishes are full of savory sauces and refined tastes yet remain refreshing and guilt-free. Comfort your cravings and celebrate the amazing combination of simple ingredients. Nourish your body, explore your mind, and energize your ability to choose. Indulge in our expansive creations, stimulate your taste buds, and let the food speak for itself. Join the evolution of healthy eating!
"Excuses are useless. Results are priceless!"
The choices you make today determine your future. Ultimately, it’s about creating habits to sustain a healthy lifestyle. We offer more than just fresh, delicious food! Our supplements will help you achieve those goals and reach your full potential. We have countless options to choose from, there’s something for everyone. Overcome and achieve: all day, every day. Eat wisely to FUEL YOUR BODY; everything you put in it gives

########
Rank: 21
Score: 20.899265
Retrieved Text: When you take a walk around and look at people, one of the things that will stand out is that there is a general negative mindset going around. Whether people are negative about their country’s leadership, global warming, the weather, or even their team losing. The bottom line is, people are increasingly having a negative attitude towards life.
Keeping fit is not just for good looks, it is also needed to stay healthy. Although so many people are involved in body-building, they all do it in different ways. Usually, what we eat goes a long way to determine how well our body and muscles grow. Hence, it is very important to maintain a healthy diet. Avoid eating junk food, eat more of protein and vitamins, visit the gym constantly for a regular workout and avail yourself of adequate rest.
Mohamed Salah is a gifted professional footballer from Egypt. He plays forward for Liverpool Premier League Club and now for Egyptian national team to help his country to get the FIFA world cup since 1990. He was born in Gharbia Egypt on 15th June 1992. Salah is the talk of the football world after his outstanding playing skill in the Premier League getting him many awards and voted BBC African Footballer of the Year for 2017.
After a long day at work, many of us simply can't wait to have dinner, go to bed and sleep. It is an activity that relaxes us. It also gives the body a chance to develop and grow normally. Our minds calm down and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 20.77525
Retrieved Text: Smashwords – Books Tagged "nutrition diet"
These results show books which have been specifically tagged with this keyword. You can also try doing a general search for the term "nutrition diet" .
Food and diet play a crucial role in determining the lifespan of an individual. Healthy eatingincludes food that is balanced and provides the body with the nutrients it requires for growthand development. In his book, Okinawa diet the longevity secret, Marco Carestia explores thefactors that have led to Okinawa to have the largest population of centenarians in the World.
We all have an understanding of health and being healthy but being MIND FULL, not just mindful of your health means something far beyond what most of us usually consider. Being MIND FULL as it relates to your personal health reaches past simple awareness towards a state in which your mind is 100% aware of everything involving your health.
The current Food Pyramid Is Wrong. Interestingly, a consistent pattern in food pyramids around the world puts cereals, grains, bread, pasta and other starchy carbohydrates at the base of the food pyramid diet. And good fats from healthy sources are at the top as a "use sparingly" category. This is exactly opposite of what a well-balanced diet should be. Now you can do something about it.
Wholistic Beauty or Eco Green Beauty aims to enhance your lasting beauty the natural way - to produce radiant, dazzling skin, eyes, hair and nails for life. 	Learn How to Make Fresh, Organic Skin Care at Home for Your Skin Unique Type. 	Create Your Own

########
Rank: 23
Score: 20.689392
Retrieved Text: The Theory of the Four Humours was an important development in medical knowledge which originated in the works of Aristotle. Hippocrates is credited with developing the theory. It then became a mainstay of medical belief for two thousand years. The Greeks believed that the body was made up of four main components or Four Humours. These Four Humours needed to remain balanced in order for people to remain healthy.
The Four Humours were liquids within the body- blood, phlegm, yellow bile and black bile. These could be connected to the four seasons of the year: Yellow Bile with summer, black bile with autumn, phlegm with winter and blood with spring.
Hippocrates and other Greek practitioners argued that the balance of the Four humours would be most effected in those particular seasons. For example, if someone has a fever they would have been thought to have had too much blood in their body. The logical cure therefore is to ‘bleed’ the patient.
Use of the Four Humours as a diagnostic tool would result in doctors looking for symptoms: the first time that clinical observation of a patient was recorded.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 20.682974
Retrieved Text: When it comes to organic supplements for hair growth, there are many options on the market. With ingredients in the supplements, be sure to read the label and take note of any filler ingredients. With the higher quality the ingredients in the hair growth vitamin, the better the results. Many supplements help your body to produce the proteins it needs to grow hair quickly, and with high-quality supplements, your body is likely to produce higher quality proteins.
Wellness Origin’s Organic Collagen Focus is organically sourced collagen. It comes from grass-fed, and injection free pasture raised Brazilian and Argentinian beef – the number one beef in the world. The most abundant protein in the body is collagen. It is the connective tissue for almost all of the organ systems in the body. Collagen production slows down as we age, which can affect our major organ systems.
Supplementing our bodies with collagen can result in thicker and healthier hair, thicker and vibrant skin, resilience and hydration, appetite suppressant resulting in weight management, increase in muscle mass, and more efficient and proper organ functioning.
Silica is a trace mineral that is vital to optimal body performance and function. Organic Plant Silica Focus is a potent mineral that enables the body to remain energetic, flexible, and resilient. Organic Plant Silica increases the body’s cartilage production, elastin production, collagen production, and promotes the growth and health of the hair, nails, and skin. Organic Plant Silica is the key ingredient needed for growing long, healthy hair, making it an essential hair growth vitamin. Silica also

########
Rank: 25
Score: 20.623318
Retrieved Text: Scalp massage helps maintain a healthy blood circulation so the hair follicles get what they need. Be aware though that regular scalp massage can increase the amount of sebum produced in the hair follicle. Sebum is the natural oil produced by the body to protect the hair. If your hair is very oily you may need to decrease the number of times you do a scalp massage.
Include a scalp massage as part of your daily personal care regimen to grow and maintain healthy hair.
In what way does it help? Hair follicles are amazing little hair production factories which thrive on a constant supply of healthy, oxygenated blood delivered by a circulatory system in good working order. Drawing the nutrients and oxygen needed for new cell creation, these new cells push up through the hair follicle where they eventually die and harden to form new hair.
Here are two scalp massage procedures you can do by yourself for healthy hair maintenance. They are easily done each day while showering and washing the hair.
For this massage use the balls of the fingers (not the finger tips) in rapid movements over the scalp.
Move the fingers in circular movements firmly over the whole scalp starting from the front of the head and moving back to the nape of the neck.
From the nape of the neck use the same motion to move forward to the front of the head.
This vigorous action will make the scalp tingle and relaxed.
Press firmly and rotate the skin. Do not move the fingers over the scalp. Rotate

########
Rank: 26
Score: 20.618555
Retrieved Text: I’m not sure in regards to you, however i think a proper skin looks beautiful on everybody. By healthy I am talking about an epidermis by having an even, natural color, an attractive glow and just signs of aging appropriate for that person’s age.
The simple truth is, nowadays, most people don’t have this sort of skin and therefore are anxiously searching for methods for getting healthy skin. If you’re one of those people, continue reading, I’ve got a couple of of my favorite strategies for beautiful skin the following.
There is no way around it, your diet plan is paramount factor with regards to the skin health. To obtain healthy skin, you have to take serious consideration on your food intake. In a nutshell: vegetables and fruit are great, meat and sugars can be harmful.
That is because fruit and veggies retain the minerals and vitamins the skin and your entire body must remain healthy and performance correctly. Meat and (refined) sugars aren’t necessary for body in most cases finish up clogging your digestive system, as well as your poor body winds up attempting to eliminate the remainder with the skin. That isn’t healthy, nor will it help make your skin look good. For beautiful skin, get your meals at least 3 servings of vegetables and 2 servings of fruit each day.
Those who ask themselves ways to get healthy skin naturally usually know they must be consuming more water. Now you ask ,, could they be really after that advice, and just what else could they be consuming

########
Rank: 27
Score: 20.615974
Retrieved Text: Everyone knows that people get older. But how quickly your body and mind show their age is partly up to you. Learning about what causes growing older to increase your youthful mind and appearance is simple and can be used to great effect in your life. You can enjoy some more happy, healthy years by making use of the following advice.
TIP! Don’t worry about numbers when thinking about aging. Far too many people focus almost exclusively on what the scale, calendar and various other metrics say to them.
You can save yourself quite a few wrinkles by not frowning. It may seem a little silly, but it’s true. Distract yourself when you find yourself frowning by pinching your arm skin instead. It may take time, but you will learn how to stop eventually.
TIP! Developing and keeping healthy connections is valuable to healthy aging. Being an active community member has been linked to increasing your years and living healthier.
Having healthy relationships and maintaining a strong social circle are very important when it comes to growing older in a healthy way. Being involved with the community can create a healthier, longer life. Build the bonds of intimacy with the people closest to you, and have someone you can really talk to. Your social connections are very important as you age.
TIP! Numbers do not matter! Your copay is meant to ensure that you receive an excellent quality of care from your doctor; let him analyze your measurements while you focus on the more important things in life. If you spend

########
Rank: 28
Score: 20.601143
Retrieved Text: Liposuction surgery permanently removes body fat from specific areas. It is a targeted fat reduction surgery. When those fat cells are removed, they do not grow back in the place from which they were removed. Liposuction surgery is permanent.
That being said, the patient can gain weight after undergoing liposuction surgery. The new fat will be distributed to other parts of the body where the fat cells are still intact. In effect, the patient will retain their post-surgery shape, but he or she can gain weight.
Liposuction surgery is body sculpting. It is not a weight loss procedure or even a weight management procedure. The purpose is to remove specific fat bulges from underneath the skin on patients that are in good health and close to their ideal weights. Once the body is sculpted into its new shape, it will retain that shape. Slimmer thighs will always be proportionately slimmer, even if the patient gains weight.
Most people’s bodies naturally accumulate fat in certain areas more so than in other areas. For example, some women have a pear shape because excess fat appears on their thighs and hips. Liposuction surgery removes the fat cells in those areas so any new fat gained will not automatically go to the hips and thighs. It may appear elsewhere on the body, but the body’s new, more balanced shape will remain.
Liposuction surgery offers the best results on people with stable body weights. If your weight fluctuates, then a weight gain will result in fat accumulation. However, if your weight remains the consistent ever

########
Rank: 29
Score: 20.563362
Retrieved Text: Just about all of us have that extra fat we want to lose and just get rid of for good. Mainly, that stubborn belly fat that doesn’t seem to want to go! The problem is, we subject ourselves to crash diets and fads of all kinds to try and find shortcuts or any way possible to lose weight fast instead of taking the simplest, all-natural, healthy way.
When you turn to crash diets, you are more likely to put the weight back on just as fast as you took it off. You are also setting yourself up for developing potential health complications.
When you opt for the all-natural route of shedding pounds the healthy way, your chances of keeping the weight off and peaking vitality are much greater as long as you create overall lifestyle changes versus just following a diet.
So, what is it that you need to do to shed healthy fat?
1. Write down your goal. Think about what it is exactly that you are trying to achieve and get clear on what your weight loss goal is. Do you want to lose 5, 10, 12, 20 pounds or more? Write it down. Do you have an ideal weight you want to reach? Write it down. When you write your goals down, you are more likely to achieve them.
2. Keep a food journal. A food journal is a great way to visually see what you’re consuming day in and day out. It not only gives you a clear depiction of what you’re eating, but it allows you

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What breaks food into nutrients for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- Fully cooking the oysters
 - secretion of acids and bases
 - Eating and drinking
 - the most widely used biofuel
 - the stage of citokinesis
 - To conserve energy
 - Something that tapeworms do not have
 - hydration of their cells

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and tapeworms have no digestive system and consist primarily of a reproductive system, choose the best answer.

Target Text: Something that tapeworms do not have

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.54042
Retrieved Text: We hear it all the time, that the key to burning fat and ultimately weight loss is having a fast metabolism. But what actually is metabolism?
Metabolism is the process that occurs in the body which keeps our bodies functioning, it is responsible for keeping us breathing, moving and ultimately alive. It’s the process that occurs in our body when food or stored energy sources are converted into energy for everyday physical and mental, conscious and non-conscious activities that our bodies complete.
Food is broken down into one of three things; proteins (which is converted to amino acids the building blocks of our muscles), carbohydrates (converted into glucose, sugar, an important energy source utilized by all the cells in our body) and fat (which is converted into fatty acids and used as a secondary energy source after glucose stores are depleted).
On top of this, our metabolism is partially responsible for cleansing our body of waste and toxins, as it controls the processing of food and the functioning of body organs. So does this mean that a fast metabolism actually helps with weight loss and assist with the burning of fat?
To some extent yes. By increasing your metabolic rate, your body breaks down food more efficiently and promotes the ability to remove these toxins and waste more effectively.
A slower metabolism will lead to a greater accumulation of waste which will eventuate into an accumulation of excess fat cells that are not being used by the body and rather are stored as fat. Therefore increasing your metabolic rate definitely can’t

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.157082
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.8977
Retrieved Text: The liver, located behind the lower right part of your ribs, is the largest organ in your body (weighing about 3 pounds). Your liver performs more than 500 functions, including storing nutrients, filtering and processing chemicals in food, and producing bile, a substance that helps digest fats and eliminate waste products.
All the blood leaving your stomach and intestines passes through the liver. The liver processes this blood and breaks down the nutrients and other substances (such as drugs) into forms for use by the rest of your body.
Processes most of the nutrients absorbed by your intestines during digestion and converts those nutrients into forms that can be used by your body, including the amounts of glucose (sugar), protein, and fat that enter your bloodstream.
Removes or neutralizes poisons from your blood that are the normal by-products of your body’s metabolism. This includes, for example, bilirubin, which is a by-product of the breakdown of red blood cells) and ammonia, which accumulates in your blood when your body metabolizes (breaks down) proteins.
Metabolizes (breaks down) alcohol and many medications.
Produces bile, which helps digest fats and absorb fat-soluble vitamins.
Produces cholesterol and special proteins (known as lipoproteins) to help carry fats through the body.
Produces substances that help blood clot, and certain important proteins, such as albumin.
Stores some nutrients, such as sugar, vitamin A, iron, and other minerals. For example, your liver converts excess glucose (sugar) in your blood into glycogen for storage—glycogen can later be converted back to glucose for energy, as needed by your body.
Produces immune agents to help control infections,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.510492
Retrieved Text: Digestive Enzymes Supplements May Help Digest The Holidays!
With the Holidays upon us, we tend to eat more rich foods, drink more alcohol and indulge in sweets, candies and desserts. Digestive enzymes may be very helpful in our digestive processes and reward us with a healthier, better feeling tummy!
Digestive enzymes are absolutely essential to life. They digest our foods and then send the nourishing ingredients to the bloodstream to feed the organs, glands, cells and tissues as well as the brain. Many scientists believe that most lifestyle and degenerative diseases, and even aging are simply the lack of a continued and adequate supply of the necessary nutrients required to keep all of the body’s systems working properly.
Your body produces different digestive enzymes that it uses to break down the food that you eat. You may be eating healthy, but if your digestive enzymes aren’t getting those nutrients to your bloodstream, organs and cells, then you aren’t receiving all the benefits of that healthy diet. And those nutrients are what keep all of your systems, particularly your immune system, strong and healthy. As you are eating your food the digestive enzymes in your body are excreted from the glands in your mouth called the salivary glands, as well as the digestive enzymes that are found in your stomach. The small intestine in your body helps to move the digestive process along by allowing each of the digestive enzymes to work on specific foods.
Pepsin- breaks down proteins into peptides.
Lipase- breaks down fats found in most dairy products, nuts, oils,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.83825
Retrieved Text: There are many reasons why we should eat sprouts.
One of the most important reasons is that sprouts contain fresh chlorophyll. Chlorophyll is the energy captured from the Sun. All life in this planet comes from the Sun, and without it we would die.
Sprouts are amazing because they are 10 to 20 times more nutritious than their mother vegetables. Sprouts are considered pre-digested food because all their nutrients have been broken down into simple forms. Protein breaks down into simple amino acids, fat into simple essential fatty acids and carbohydrates into simple sugars. These broken down nutrients are then easily absorbed into the blood stream to provide our cells with their needed nutrients. Furthermore, these beautiful and tasty miniature vegetables are high in absorbable protein.
Enzymes are essential to our bodies because they control the metabolic processes whereby nutrients are converted into energy and fresh cell material. Also, enzymes help breakdown food into smaller compounds. Enzymes elevate cellular frequencies creating a better immunity. The healing power of enzymes is proven.
The enzyme account in our bodies is replenished by the living foods, and especially, by the sprouts that we eat , as the enzymes from the sprouts get reabsorbed into the blood stream.
Sprouts create alkalinity in the body and disease cannot live in an alkaline body.
It’s important that sprouts are grown on organic soil and watered with filtered water.
Cooking kills the life in food. The immune system responds to sproutlifeless food by realeasing white blood cells because it does not recognize the structure of the food and considers it

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.301828
Retrieved Text: The core strength of the Sportron product line is the sophistication of its nutritional supplements, which harness a unique technology known as FoodMatrix®.
FoodMatrix® is based on the work of Hungarian scientist, Andrew Szalay, who developed proprietary processes to concentrate micronutrients into food complexes.
What Makes FoodMatrix® GPS Better?
FoodMatrix® nutrients are vitamins and minerals that are embedded into a living food matrix. FoodMatrix®, like real food, integrates the vitamin/mineral into a glycoprotein matrix. The body recognizes this as a true food-complex, NOT an isolated chemical, for superior absorption and assimilation into the body.
FoodMatrix® GPS Nutrients utilize a proprietary delivery system. Attached to every FoodMatrix® GPS Nutrient is a "Unique Protein-Peptide Carrier" that transports and delivers the nutrient into the targeted cell. This ensures arrival of the nutrient to the correct destination.
FoodMatrix® nutrients are vitamins and minerals embedded in a food matrix, without the water and the fiber. In the edible portions of our natural foods, vitamins and minerals are always found in protein complexes. They are never found as isolated pure molecules and they are never found to be embedded to other chemicals. Vitamins and minerals which are present in food are contained within a complexed matrix of proteins + lipids + enzymes + bioflavonoids + trace elements.
"FoodMatrix® nutrients are the most important advancements in nutrition today. They are not just another brand of USP vitamins and inorganic mineral salts. Instead, FoodMatrix® nutrients are a unique generation of vitamins and minerals that are molecularly embedded to the basic building blocks of life: protein."
The unique and outstanding feature of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.142618
Retrieved Text: project: CLEAN FOOD: THE POWER OF JUICING: DRINK UP!
THE POWER OF JUICING: DRINK UP!
Many people always stress the importance of eating your vegetables. However, in this day and age, people are finding it much harder to get all the vitamins and nutrients the body may require at one meal sitting. Our meals do not always contain all the essential vitamins and minerals we may need. And years ago, some brilliant minds came up with an amazing invention: the juicer!
Imagine putting your fruits and vegetables through a machine that breaks them down to just water and nutrients: all for your blissful consumption. The juicer has the power to transform the fruit or vegetable into a liquid state, thereby, making it much easier and faster to consume. Very little vitmains, minerals and nutrients are lost during this process. And that is one of the primary reasons why juicing is revered by many.
The juicer acts like "your teeth" and breaks down the produce so that it is easily digestible. When you consume fruits and vegetables, it is necessary to chew them thoroughly in order for the body to properly process and digest the foods. Because most people do not effectively chew their food, the juicer simplifies our "little issue" of not absorbing all of the vitamins and nutrients. When the juicer breaks down the fruits and vegetables, the juice itself becomes more alive and vibrant: hence the terms raw food or live food.
A freshly blended juice is very nutritious for your body. Because plant life is so sensitive, all

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.521542
Retrieved Text: Looking for the perfect way to start your morning? Look no further! This green smoothie is instant energy in a glass and has all the ingredients your body needs to detoxify and stay hydrated.
When we consume food that's blended, our body has an easier time digesting it because it's essentially "pre-digested" (as if you've chewed your food REALLY well). The blender breaks down the cell walls of the leafy greens and makes the nutrients trapped inside easier to absorb into the body.
When we're nourishing our bodies with raw foods that are high in nutrients, we feel more alive!
Ever feel tired after a heavy meal? This is because your body is using up all of its energy to digest your food. On the other hand, when you consume a light meal, like this green smoothie, your body doesn't need to direct as much energy toward digestion (fruits and veggies are easier to digest than meat, for instance AND they've already been "pre-digested") and therefore you feel more energized!
Put ingredients in a blender (preferably a high-speed blender) in the order listed, blend and enjoy!
Drink immediately or store in an air-tight container in the refrigerator and consume within 1-2 days.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.33239
Retrieved Text: Nutrition for Body and Soul | Plant-based diet?
Author: Dr. Rudy Davis, N.D.
Someone recently told me, “Jesus ate fish, and since He is our example, we should eat fish too.” Although there are many examples in the Scriptures where flesh foods were consumed, is this what God wanted us to have as food? Are there nutrients in flesh foods which cannot be found in a plant-based diet?
Lets take a look at some of the key nutrients found in salmon and in carrots. These nutrient measurements are based on a one-cup serving.
As we can see, the nutrients found in salmon are also available in carrots. Please note that this is not a comprehensive list of available nutrients from either source, but is given for the purpose of illustration.
As I researched all the various nutrients found in meat, I was able to find all of the same nutrients, and even more, in plant sources. This proved to me that I do not have to eat flesh foods to be healthy, as I can get all of my nutrition from plant sources without the diseases and cholesterol that I would get from flesh foods. Are you concerned about not getting all the protein you think you should from a plant based diet? Let’s consider how the body gets its protein.
As we eat foods that contain protein, our body breaks the protein down into amino acids. These amino acids are then re-structured to form the proteins which are necessary for use within our body. The body needs 23 amino acids, eight

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.327425
Retrieved Text: Breaks down the nutrients in food to support optimal absorption.
Prozyme Original All-Natural Enzyme Supplement for Dogs & Cats supports healthy digestive and immune systems with its balanced blend of plant-derived enzymes. This proprietary formula supports optimal absorption of essential vitamins and minerals, and nutrients by helping the body breakdown protein, starch, fat and fiber found in food.
1/4 tsp. per cup of food for pets under 8 years old.
1/2 tsp. per cup of food for pets over 8 years old.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.288498
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.026894
Retrieved Text: What are mitochondria? What is mitochondria function?
They act like a “digestive system” which takes nutrients into the cell, breaks them down, and creates energy for the cell. The biochemical processes of the cell are known as cellular respiration. Many of the reactions involved in cellular respiration happen in the mitochondria. Mitochondria keep the cell full of energy.
Mitochondria float free throughout the cell. Some cells have several thousand mitochondria while others have none. For instance, muscle cells need a lot of energy so they have a lot of mitochondria. Neurons (cells that transmit nerve impulses) don’t need as many. If a cell feels it is not getting enough energy to survive, more mitochondria can be created. It depends on the needs of the cell.
If mitochondria aren’t functioning properly, your cells aren’t fed. All of the energy you make stems from these tiny machines.
Diet, lifestyle, and environmental toxins can all stop the mitochondria from functioning properly, leaving you ill or fatigued.
What can slow down these energy producing machines?
Some contributors to mitochondrial damage include environmental toxins, toxins in your food, poor diet that includes refined carbohydrates and added sugars, etc. The result could be inflammation, and other conditions like diabetes, cardiovascular disease, infertility, or neural degeneration.
To restore optimal function, consider a regimen that avoids packaged, processed foods and take healthy supplements. As well, incorporate light exercise and proper breathing.
How to avoid Mitochondria Damage?
As with any cell in the body, healthy Mitochondria need specific nutrients to work right – especially vitamin B1 (thiamin) and magnesium. These two nutrients are the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.670454
Retrieved Text: Download "Notes - Platyhelminthes and Nematodes"
AFTER mechanical digestion, the pieces of food are still to be used by broken down. the cells. They MUST be EVEN MORE!!!!!!
Chapter 22 The Digestive System Yoon Seo Orite, Jack Kohm, And Jackson Masuda Main Idea The digestive system breaks down ingested food and provides necessary nutrients to the body through various processes.
Flatworms, Nematodes, and Arthropods Bởi: OpenStaxCollege The animal phyla of this and subsequent modules are triploblastic and have an embryonic mesoderm sandwiched between the ectoderm and endoderm.
GRADE 2 Human Body Revised 6/16 2.1 The student will identify the major body systems, healthy food and beverage choices, emotions, and social skills, and explain how each is connected to personal health.
Day 1 Essential Questions: ~What are the different body systems? ~What are the parts of the systems? ~How is this system connected to other body systems? ~How do you keep this system working properly?
HETEROTROPHS cannot make their own food like Autotrophs(Plants). They must get their nutrition from their surrounding environment.
S7L-4 1. Which of these is an important part of the nervous system? A. spinal cord B. stomach C. veins D. muscles 2. To prevent disease, the human body naturally produces A. enzymes. B. antibodies. C.
Nutrition, part 2. Because 1 part isn t enough!
Untitled Document. A. The foxes will eat more wolves. B. The foxes will eat fewer wolves.
Monday, October Pick up a little man from the front table. Color and glue it into your journal on the next available page.
Digestive System. What happens to the donut you ate for breakfast this

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.482708
Retrieved Text: The Circulatory system is a system that circles blood around the body and to give nutrients to the body cells,then after the blood goes around the body it will soon circle around back to the heart. Part's: Heart,blood, arteries, veins.
The Respiratory system is a system that breathe's in oxygen and carbine dioxide out. The Respiratory system is like a co worker with the circulatory system. Part's: Lung's, sinus, cavity, trachea, bronchial tubes, air sac's, and diaphrams.
The Digestive system is a system that breaks down the food so that the nutrients can go to each body cell and cells.Not only it does that it also works with the circulatory system so that the blood can circulate to each cell and give them nutrients. Parts:teeth tongue epegoges.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.929173
Retrieved Text: Correct food digestion, absorption, and also application of nutrients is really important to nourish cells, cells, and also body organs. Some natural herbs that help improve food digestion are digestive system bitters. The bitter natural herbs have an extremely bitter preference. This bitterness promotes hunger and aids food digestion. This action can be achieved via the taste and a reflex action in the brain. If these herbs are given in capsules and also can not be tasted, their digestive homes do not enter into play.
Several of other natural herbs that aid digestion natural herbs are sialogogue which boost the flow of saliva. As digestion begins in the mouth, the importance of saliva in the digestion can not be overstressed. The saliva breaks down large carbohydrates right into smaller systems, which can after that be processed in other components of the system. Eating in a thrill can impede proper food digestion, as there will certainly be no time for saliva to blend thoroughly with the food.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.835625
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Info / Education / Are Enzymes the Secret to Health?
There are approximately 1,300 enzymes in the human cell. Each enzyme only reacts with a specific type of substance, so it won’t cause chemical reactions where it shouldn’t. The flip side to that coin is, if you have an absence of or issue with an enzyme, nothing else can readily step in and perform its function.
Enzymes are pretty impressive in that they make some processes happen millions of times faster. An extraordinary example of this is OMP decarboxylase—in your body, a reaction that would take 78 million years, when you add this enzyme, takes 18 milliseconds! Crazy, right?
So enzymes are absolutely crucial to our health. Insufficient enzyme production is at the root of many health issues and chronic conditions. In fact, a number of inherited diseases are due to a lack of a particular enzyme.
Metabolic enzymes are produced in the body and are used to keep our tissues, blood, and organs healthy. They take the nutrients from the food we eat and use them to generate new cells, heal existing cells, expel toxins, and aid in energy production. They build nutrients into muscles, nerves, bones, blood, lungs, and various glands.
Metabolic enzymes are vital in operating your cardiac, circulatory, endocrine, hepatic, lymphatic, neurologic, renal, and reproductive systems, as well as sustaining your bones, joints, muscles, skin, and other tissues. Every single one of the 100 trillion cells in your body depend on these enzymes.
Enzyme production declines with age. Ah, the joys of aging—is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.770975
Retrieved Text: Digestive health is largely taken for granted by just about everybody. You may assume that what you put into your mouth is going to be digested. But digestion doesn’t just happen. It is a complicated process that is extremely important and should not be overlooked as a root cause for many health problems. When digestion does not occur the way it should, symptoms such as gas, bloating, diarrhea, constipation and pain may result. Eventually, more serious conditions such as Ulcerative Colitis and Irritable Bowel Syndrome may develop.
Digestion, or hydrolysis, is the process of breaking up food into simpler chemical compounds by means of hydrolyzing enzymes. In other words, digestion breaks up food into small units so the body can use the nutrients for energy, growth or repair, and relies 100% on the availability and action of enzymes.
Enzymes run the biochemical reactions in living things including humans, animals, and plants. This means that enzymes do the “work” in the body whereas vitamins and minerals, also known as coenzymes, are only building blocks.
Enzymes are very large and complex protein molecules and are very specific to what they will break down or digest. For example, lactase – the enzyme that breaks down lactose – will only work on lactose, not protein or fat. There are literally hundreds of different enzymes in the human body, each one assigned a unique task.
Enzymes are a natural part of vegetables, fruits, grains, and other raw food. they ripen, then slowly “digest” raw food in a process commonly known as decomposition. We are taught

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.666231
Retrieved Text: The impact of food on our overall wellbeing cannot be underestimated. While genetics may play an equally decisive part, there’s no doubt that a bad diet will invariably lead to health issues – at least for most people.
While you may get away with eating junk food occasionally, people usually get sick if they continually enjoy a poor diet, lacking crucial nutrients. The body is like an engine in need of fuel, and just like gasoline would damage a diesel engine, bad food can damage a healthy body.
Food and diet have long been a central topic of conversation, but lately, faced with a major obesity crisis and ever-increasing diabetes rates, food and diet have once again become a priority. What is different perhaps for the first time, is that doctors have come to embrace the importance of diet, and are advising their patients accordingly. And, rightly so.
Diet doesn’t just impact our weight or physical health, it also shapes our brain power and contributes to our emotional health. Our body processes food on a continual basis, and the quality thereof determines these processes. Let’s look at how a good or bad diet impacts on our physical, mental, and emotional health.
The body needs good nutritious food to carry out its functions and maintain health. If your diet lacks vital nutrients, your body sooner or later suffers the consequences. Processed foods often lack these vital nutrients, and that’s why nutritionists advise eating plenty of freshly prepared nutritious food. Fruit and vegetables are particularly rich in nutrients and should, therefore, be

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.580225
Retrieved Text: Improve Your Drinking Water With Youngevity's Y-DR8+!
KETO Diet Everything You Need To Know!
Beyond Tangy Tangerine Helps You Feel Your Best!
Beyond Tangy Tangerine The Perfect Winter Toddy!
Healthy Body Start Pak - The 90 Essential Nutrients!
Love Beyond Tangy Tangerine Original or 2.0!
Vitamin D3 To Support A Wide Range Of Functions In The Body.
YOUNGEVITY THE BEST IN NUTRITION OUT THERE!
Youngevity is the Best in Nutrition!
90 Essential Minerals Are The Key To Health!
Who's Keen On The Beyond Tangy Tangerine?
90 ESSENTIAL NUTRIENTS ARE THE KEY!
Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) - Dr. Joel Wallach B.S.,D.V.M.,N.D.
The Greatest Medicine Is To Teach People Not To Need It!
Practice Your Values Rather Than Simply Professing Them!
Dr. Joel Wallach..A Lifetime Of Research!
Food ~ Don't Waste It!
Real Butter is GOOD for you!
Say NO To Drugs And YES To Good Health!
Every Time You Eat Is An Opportunity To Nourish Your Body!
TEACH CHILDREN TO CARE ABOUT WHAT'S IN OUR FOOD!
THE FLUORIDE IS WORKING! MEMORIAL DAY HISTORY QUIZ ON THE BIKINI BEACH!
Do Smart Kids Live Longer?
i26's powder form means you can take it as part of your daily routine hassle-free! Just mix one or two scoops into a glass of juice or a smoothie in the morning. i26 Powder is a great way to start your morning out right, and the rest of the day will follow.
Since the beginning Youngevity has developed the most advanced supplements available on the marketplace today.
Based on Dr. Joel Wallach's research they have incorporated almost 40 years of research into these simple to use products.
Steve Wallach Breaks it all down!
Selenium is an important antioxidant shown to protect

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.513044
Retrieved Text: Enzymes: How They Help Your Body Heal - WHAT THE FOOD?
Most people are somewhat familiar with the fact that enzymes can help with digestive issues, but enzymes can do so much more! Basically, enzymes are chemicals that our cells produce to speed up other chemical reactions. It's like if you need to go to the store to purchase groceries you could: 1. Get in your car, drive to the store, make your purchase and drive home. The whole process takes you, say, 30 minutes. Or, you could: 2. Walk to the store, make you purchase, and walk home. This time, it would take two hours. In this analogy, the car is like an enzyme. It doesn't necessarily change the chemical process, but it speeds it up to the point of being efficient.
Enzymes are also controlled by temperature; when you warm them, they work better. (Which is one reason the body increases body temperature when you catch a bug.) If you have an issue with regulating body temperature--as with hypothyroid, metabolic syndrome or low adrenal function--you will have a harder time utilizing your enzymes, which may cause body aches and fibromyalgia symptoms.
Digestive enzymes, when taken with a meal, work to digest or break down the food molecules in a timely manner so we can absorb the nutrients. They are conveniently named for what they breakdown with the letters "ase" at the end. So a protease breaks down proteins, a lipase breaks down lipids, and so on. When taken on an empty stomach (at least 30 minutes before

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.495005
Retrieved Text: "The Benefits of A Healthy Intestine"
If you're eating right now, it might be best to read this email after you finish eating. Intestines are not exactly scrumptious but play a vital role in our overall health. The truth is that like any other organ we cannot live without them.
What are intestines and what do they do?
Intestines come in two sizes; big (about 5 feet long) and small (about 20 feet long). Everyone has one of each. The role of the intestines is to absorb the good in the food we eat and filter out the stuff that our body doesn't need or can't use. The intestines absorb most of the water and nutrients that we consume.
The intestinal track is just like every other organ and body part where we have to take care of it. Eating more fiber will help clean out the wall of the intestines. Eating or drinking citrus fruits and chewing well, will also help with digestion.
If we chew our food more fine, then the more saliva is produced and the food breaks down to smaller pieces. The saliva helps break down the food particles and acts as a lubricant when the food goes down the esophagus. Chewing your food well helps the stomach break it down much easier. Eating a citrus fruit like an orange after or during a meal will also help break down the food before it gets to the intestines. This is because citrus fruit has a higher acid level.
Chewing well and adding citrus fruits as well as fiber

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.362486
Retrieved Text: The toilet. It complicated and breaks often. You've got to float with your pants off and hit a plastic bag. It requires further processing manually. It's all state of the art. No thanks.
The food. This is the food now and this is good compared to what is coming. Here the astronaut shows off Thanksgiving turkey and dressing.
Deep space long duration mission food turns out to be wild bird protein bars. Enough calories and nutrients to keep you alive with minimal body waste excreted. Yum yum! I think I'll pass.
The water. Scientists are excited because "they think" this is an area of frozen water under the surface of Mars. Imagine if you get there and it's just dried dirt like it appears to be? Again, no.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.360533
Retrieved Text: Improving your digestion is one of the most effective ways to improve health and boost energy. Making sure the nutrients you eat are well-absorbed is even more important than what you eat. Poor digestion is indicated by fatigue or lethargy after meals, bloating and gas (burping, flatulence), heartburn, acid indigestion, and acid reflux. Good digestion depends on a number of factors. Eating simple meals consisting of food combinations that do not overstep the body’s enzymatic limitations is one of the most important.
Avoid eating under stress or when in a hurry. The stomach has difficulty producing acid – required to digest food – when you feel anxious. Taking a few deep breaths before eating will help you relax. Salivating at the thought or sight of food is a good indication the digestive system is ready to receive food.
1. Chew your food carefully. Chewing each bite until it’s a paste reduces the amount of work the rest of your digestive system must perform. Chewing also helps you relax and enjoy the tastes, textures and aromas.
2. Eat slowly and stop when you’re satisfied – not full. Eating slowly allows enough time for the digestive system to communicate satiety to the brain. Overeating slows digestion and encourages bad habits.
3. Avoid distractions when eating. You cannot focus on your food if you are watching television, reading, or arguing while eating. Listening to quiet music, or enjoying pleasant conversation in a relaxed environment, is conducive to good digestion.
4. Limit the amount of fluids consumed with meals to approximately 4 oz. or less

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.124817
Retrieved Text: KSRealityBites: Simple tips to stay healthy!
Simple tips to stay healthy!
Always keep balance the food you eat with physical quantity. Maintain or improve your weight. Eat a variety of foods. Include a daily selection of whole-grain & enriched breads, cereals & grain products, vegetables, fruits, milk, cheese & yogurt, meats, poultry, eggs, fish, dried beans & peas, tofu.
Eat plenty of complex carbohydrates like grains, vegetables, starches & even fruits. These foods pack the most nutrients per calorie. Choose a diet that is low in fat, saturated fat & cholesterol. Fat has twice as many calories per gram as any other nutrient. A high-fat diet increases your risk for heart disease & some cancers.
Use sugars in moderation. sugars have little, if any, vitamins, minerals or fiber. Use salt & sodium in moderation. For some people, sodium increases blood pressure. Drink more quantity of water as it stabilizes your digestion, it eliminates the stress & migraines. More preferably drink boiled water. Drink at least 3-5 liters of water, that would be better for your body.
As far as alcohol beverages is concerned, please do stay away from it as it very harmful for your body. It is high in calories & has no nutrients. If you consume, then do so in moderation. As you age, your body breaks down alcohol more slowly, so it stays in your body longer. Drinking the same amount that you drank 20 years ago can cause a lot more damage to your body, breaks your mental peace & as well as peace around yourselves. So

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.040646
Retrieved Text: Did you know that 6 to 8 months from now, depending on your activity level, your body will have regenerated almost all of its tissue at the cellular level? It uses the nutrients from your food to do this so when they say you are what you eat, they aren’t exaggerating!
Dark Green Veggies. Mom knew where it was at. Canada’s Food Guide suggests one dark green veggie a day! Try broccoli, spinach, swiss chard, kale, collards and romaine lettuce.
Whole Grains. Unprocessed grains still have their fiber, which slows down digestion and allows nutrients to slowly enter the system. Rapid digestion causes a spike in insulin which stresses the body. Try these grains for your pleasure: amaranth, quinoa, millet, wild rice, brown rice and buckwheat.
Berries. Not just any fruit but a super fruit! Berries are huge in the antioxidant realm and fight free radicals (damaging molecules from internal and external sources of pollution). Include other fruits and veggies with vibrant colours into your diet for variety and antioxidant power. Raw fruits and veggies provide the highest concentration and best absorption of antioxidants. Check this post out for a great raw vs. cooked blog post.
Flax. Boost your immunity, normalize your hormones and cholesterol, reduce inflammation, improve digestion, reduce body fat, protect against cancer and give yourself healthy skin – all with flax. It contains the most Omega 3 essential fatty acids than any other plant and is rich in fiber, protein and lignans .
Sprouts. Ever hear about the healing wonders of stem cells ? When you eat sprouts,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.02239
Retrieved Text: You need to spread out your meals throughout the day so your body has time to digest and utilize the nutrients it needs. If you follow a 2,000-calorie diet, split up your calories and have about 400 for breakfast, 500 for lunch, 600 for dinner and save the remaining 500 calories for a couple of snacks throughout the day. You will feel energized throughout the day if you eat three separate meals and you will be less likely to overeat at one sitting.
You often hear that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Eating a healthy, balanced breakfast is the best way to jump-start your day. Your body fasts for eight hours while you are sleeping. Get your brain and body moving by having that first meal of the day. John Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health reports that eating breakfast helps you maintain a healthy weight and provides important nutrients you may not get if you skip this meal. People who skip breakfast are more likely to snack on high-fat, sugary foods.
You should eat foods from each food group at each meal to give your body the nutrients it needs throughout the day. Choosemyplate.gov is a website designed by the United States Department of Agriculture that breaks food down into groups and lists how many portions you should eat from each group daily. Your body gets energy from the carbohydrates, protein and fat in foods. Eat foods each meal that have each of these macronutrients. Include 3 to 4 ounces of grain equivalents,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.019892
Retrieved Text: Become a Sleeping Beauty: Ever had trouble sleeping? Yeah, silly question huh? Of course, you have…we all have. Well, that splendid MacGyver-esque vinegar we have been talking about helps in the sleep arena as well. Remember how I mentioned it aids in digestion? Well, this comes into play here. Apple cider vinegar breaks down fatty acids and releases tryptophan (yes, think Thanksgiving turkey). This handy dandy essential amino acid has a neat little habitat of converting to serotonin, which in turn is metabolized into melatonin (this is how 5-HTP works), which helps us sleep. So grab some turkey (or really any animal product or nuts and seeds) and chow down with a dose of apple cider vinegar, and sleep well tonight mes amis!
Slaying the nutrients: Even if you consume all the right vitamins and minerals, in exactly all the right doses, if your body can’t absorb them, then it doesn’t matter. Nutrients are often not absorbed because they are not released from the food we have eaten or are blocked by inhibitors. When it comes to nutrients like iron (or as we saw before with tryptophan) apple cider vinegar helps the food you consume breakdown and/or release those much-needed nutrients.When it comes to things like calcium, absorption can be blocked by oxalates. Apple cider vinegar can break down those oxalates and therefore improve calcium absorption. Plus the magnesium in the vinegar helps the calcium absorb too. As an added bonus, apple cider vinegar offers small doses of potassium too!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.95494
Retrieved Text: Green Coffee Bean may provide weight loss and anti-aging properties that could enhance your metabolism, hinder glucose from forming in your liver, and suppressing the absorption of unwanted fats inside the cells in your body. Its main ingredient, Chlorogenic Acid, controls the rate by which your body breaks down food in your body. It also assists your liver at processing fat from the food that you eat. By effectively absorbing excess fat and controlling your body’s metabolism, Green Coffee Bean is a weight loss supplement that most weight loss aficionados should consider using today.
Prevents Accumulation of Fat. Green Coffee Bean is said in the natural healing communities to promotes weight loss in such a way that it stimulates your metabolism to the point that you are continuously burning fat at rapid rates even when physically inactive. It has also been reported to regulate your food cravings by supplementing your body with the necessary vitamins and nutrients to replace actual food. This could result in less frequent hunger cravings.
Enhances Weight Loss. As your digestion and fat burning process may be stimulated when you take Green Coffee Bean, your body’s metabolism could be stimulated. With this heightened ability, your body will be burning fat and digesting food even when you are sleeping at night.
Curbs Carbohydrate Consumption. Since Green Coffee Bean contains an active ingredient known as Chlorogenic Acid, different natural helath specialists report the ability to help break down carbohydrates such as rice, pasta, and bread into glucose will be regulated. As your body breaks down these carbohydrates

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.832062
Retrieved Text: Home/Basic Science/What Happens If You Swallow Gum?
That’s a very smart question. What really happens when we swallow a gum by mistake? Well, our parents always remind us to not forget to throw bubble gum right after chewing. Right? But what if we swallow it mistakenly? Gum passes through our body just like food does but it doesn’t get completely digested like food. The stomach can’t dissolve gum because of its chemical properties. Eventually you will poop it out but still, experts believe that gum shouldn’t be swallowed as it does not have any nutritional value or person who swallows gum a lot has to suffer too.
1 Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
2.1 What Happes In Your Body When You Swallow Gum?
2.2 Can You Swallow Gum?
Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
We’ve all heard the story that if you swallow you gum it will stay in your stomach for 7 years. Or you may have also been told that it will grow into a plant in your stomach. It may seem so irrational to you but you may have heard it. But is that true? Let’s find out.
When you normally eat food three processes in your body take place to convert that food into fuel that your body needs.
The first is chewing. Your teeth and tongue work together to break down the food you eat. The process breaks it down into smaller and smaller pieces to help it get digested better and easily.
Saliva then covers those pieces delivering enzymes present

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.593046
Retrieved Text: Digestion is a fine-tuned, complicated process that allows you to utilize nutrients from the food you eat. Several organs and accessory organs release enzymes that aid in the digestive process. When you eat a meal rich in all of the macronutrients -- carbohydrates, proteins and fats – the digestive enzymes work together to break down the nutrients into particles that are small enough for your body to absorb.
Amylase helps turn carbohydrates into simple sugars, like glucose, that your body can absorb. The enzyme is produced in two places in your digestive tract -- your mouth, via your salivary glands, and your pancreas. The salivary glands release amylase, along with mucus, electrolytes and water, in the form of saliva when food enters your mouth. The amylase in saliva begins the breakdown of starches. When the digested material reaches your duodenum -- the first section of your small intestine -- the pancreas releases amylase to finish the breakdown of carbohydrates so that your small intestine can absorb the sugars.
Lipase breaks the fat you eat down into smaller molecules that can pass through your small intestine and into your blood. Your mouth and stomach produce some lipase, but the largest volume is produced by the pancreas. Most people produce enough lipase to adequately break down the fats they eat, but those with celiac disease, cystic fibrosis and Crohn’s disease may be lacking in the enzyme.
Protein digestion begins in the stomach, but the bulk of digestion occurs in the small intestine where proteases from your pancreas are released. There are

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What enables the body to grow?" and the following answer choices: 
- single-celled organisms
 - aerobic capacity
 - By coral exoskeletons
 - carbohydrates
 - genetic material
 - deoxyribonucleic acid
 - the digestive system
 - Males and females

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and we eat and feed our body with nutrients to enable it to grow, choose the best answer.

Target Text: the digestive system

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.305357
Retrieved Text: Britain’s largest commercial broker trade body has launched an online platform to help business raise finance.
Companies can raise up to £2 million or more to grow their businesses, anything from buying another business to investing in new infrastructure and exporting overseas.
Findsmefinance enables businesses to plug in their funding requirements by loan size, type and location and are then presented with a range of commercial brokers to approach.
The National Association of Commercial Finance Brokers (NACFB) represents 1,650 commercial finance brokers.
To read the full story at growthbusiness.co.uk CLICK HERE.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.301119
Retrieved Text: We create an environment where fellowship and knowing each other is encouraged. We meet on Wednesdays for Connect Group where we study God's word intimately to learn how to apply the teachings to our everyday lives.
Constant studying of God's word enables us to grow as we are usually challenged by our pastor.
At New Pointe Church, there are several opportunities to serve toddlers, teenagers, adults, visitors, etc..
New Pointe Church is a Bible-believing church creating an environment for people to connect with God and one another, to worship God, to grow spiritually, and to serve each other in the body of Christ."
Posted Feb. 21, 2023 Taking Your Daily Bread It's not enough to eat once a week is it? Just like we have to eat daily to be physically fit; do be spiritually fit, need to take our "bread" daily.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.090475
Retrieved Text: What works to promote walking at the population level? is the subject of a systematic review by authors Charlie Foster et al.
Alison Pask reviewed this paper published in a special series of the British Journal of Sports Medicine (June 2018).
What Extra Value does ANA Provide?
What we do at ANA matters to the nutrition and physical activity sector.
Find out more about the findings of the latest ANA Annual Survey.
The Ministry of Health has launched a new tool on its website which enables people to calculate their Body Mass Index (BMI).
Did you know that you can order printed copies of Ministry of Health resources directly from their website?
Healthy weight gain in pregnancy - poster.
Note: These resources are for practitioners and not health education resources aimed at the public.
5 + A Day have developed some amazing new posters showcasing beautiful fresh fruit and vegetables, including new posters in Te Reo. These posters can be ordered directly from their website.
The Hutt Valley DHB has recently published their wellbeing plan.
This plan sets out Hutt Valley DHB’s bold vision for how they want to make the Hutt Valley a healthy place for whānau and community to connect, grow, live, learn, work and play.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.960523
Retrieved Text: The Southern Adelaide Economic Development Board (SAEDB) works in partnership with local business support agencies to ensure that businesses within the region are given every opportunity to grow and succeed.
Business SA is South Australia's peak body for business and is dedicated to helping businesses of all sizes grow and prosper. Business SA focuses on areas where they can benefit members as well as contribute to the short term economic and long term transformation required to create a robust business community.
The SAEDB has joined forces with Business SA and the City of Marion to create a unique partnership, aiming to support small to medium-sized businesses in the region to grow. The partnership enables our businesses to access a range of services, products, programs and support tools offered through Business SA for 12 months. City of Marion businesses are able to access this one-time opportunity to join Business SA at a discounted rate of $99 (+GST) for 12 months*.
Businesses will have access to all the products, services and offers from Business SA for the 12-month period from the date of joining.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.781414
Retrieved Text: Parts Of Skeletal Muscle skeletal muscle definition & functionskeletal muscle also called voluntary muscle in vertebrates most mon of the three types of muscle in the body skeletal muscles are attached to bones by tendons and they produce all the movements of body parts in relation to each other unlike smooth muscle and cardiac muscle skeletal muscle is under voluntary control similar to cardiac muscle however skeletal muscle is striated its.skeletal musclethe cells are fed oxygen and nutrients like sugar and minerals and can grow into skeletal muscle that can be harvested within a few weeks — jacob bunge wsj "startup producing cell grown meat raises new funding " 16 july 2018 noviochok causes involuntary contraction of all skeletal muscles.
Parts Of Skeletal Muscle skeletal muscles and muscle groups david darling introduction there are more than 600 skeletal muscles in the human body which to her account for about 40 percent of a person s weight skeletal muscles are also called voluntary muscles because unlike the other two types of muscle in the body smooth muscle and cardiac muscle they are under conscious control. human skeletal system human skeletal system the internal skeleton that serves as a framework for the body this framework consists of many individual bones and cartilages there also are bands of fibrous connective tissue—the ligaments and the tendons—in intimate relationship with the parts of the skeleton this article is concerned primarily with the gross structure and the function of the skeleton of the. muscle diagram muscle the body diagrams 744×1054 diagram muscle the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.689957
Retrieved Text: Thermo Scientific NunclonTM SpheraTM for spheroid-organoid culture enables formation of reproducible spheroid cultures. Cells grow and aggregate with virtually no cell attachment to the culture vessel. Applications include spheroid culture, organoid culture and 3D culture.
The Nunclon Sphera surface minimizes variability and supports the consistent formation of cancer spheroid that simulate the 3D structures of tumor growth, providing a better model system for studying tumor cell progression and efficacy of anticancer agents in vitro.
As an important milestone in the differentiation process, the Nunclon Sphera surface demonstrates superior quality for embryoid body formation of pluripotent stem cells with minimal spontaneous differentiation. The resultant cells are able to differentiate into all three germ layers.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.609568
Retrieved Text: I have an avid interest in holistic healing and believe that Yoga incorporated into daily life facilitates all levels of health, physical, mental and spiritual.
My first experience with Yoga was at the age of 14, the local YMCA was where my Mother attended Yoga class and one day she decided to take me along, it was the early 70’s and the class was full of ladies in leotards, the Yoga wear of the day, I found it weird in the best of ways.
In 2010 after 30+ years of personal practice there was no ignoring the message that I was receiving – to teach Yoga and after 1 year I had completed my 350hr Teacher Training Diploma, since then I’ve continued to learn more and more from from the wealth of knowledge offered by amazing teachers and texts alike.
My focus turned to Restorative Yoga and Yoga Nidra after being diagnosed with an autoimmune disorder.
For me, these intelligent practices are instrumental in maintaining wellness.
I know Yoga has the capacity to transform the body and the mind, bringing health, calm, peace and positivity into our lives. I know this because I have experienced it first hand.
I believe that Yoga gives us all a place to feel at home in our bodies. Our bodies are continually communicating with us, Yoga teaches us how to listen, it offers us the space to learn to feel what the body is saying. Yoga helps us to honor our individuality, our uniqueness and enables us to grow with grace and confidence.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.5809555
Retrieved Text: A gradual change in an organism that enables it to survive in a particular environment.
Rock formed by cooled, solidified magma that forms part of the Earth’s crust.
A thing that organisms do to survive in a particular environment, such as the way they feed, breed or move.
Pieces of the Earth’s crust that make up the world’s continents. These plates are thicker and older than oceanic plates, formed more than three billion years ago.
Heat deep inside the Earth that drives the movement of the Earth’s plates nearer the surface.
The Earth’s outer shell, made of solid rock that is between 7-70 kilometres thick.
A large body of compressed snow and ice that moves slowly outwards and downwards under the pressure of its own weight.
Protein in red blood cells that transports oxygen around the body.
Thick floating platform of ice that forms where a glacier or ice sheet flows down to a coastline.
The layer of the Earth’s interior that is made of mostly solid rock. The Mantle extends from the bottom of the Earth’s crust down to 2,900 kilometres deep inside the Earth.
A rising mass of molten rock (magma) from the Mantle, deep inside the Earth.
Chemical changes in the cells of an organism that release energy for it to live and grow.
Foods or chemicals that an organism needs to live and grow.
The outer layer of the Earth’s surface that lies beneath the oceans. As oceanic crust is denser than continental crust it generally lies below sea level.
The chemical process that enables plants and some bacteria to capture the sun’s energy and turn

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.51142
Retrieved Text: We normally think and practice corresponding on the change of circumstance, and grow up. We aim at the achievement of a richer mind and body and also the living for Coin Keychain Metal , Keychain Metal , Photo Keychain Metal , please feel free to contact me. We are looking forward to forming successful business relationship with new clients around the world.
Our well-equipped facilities and superb good quality control throughout all stages of manufacturing enables us to guarantee total buyer gratification for Coin Keychain Metal , Keychain Metal , Photo Keychain Metal , We always hold the philosophy of win-win and build long-term cooperation relationship with customers from around the world.We believe that our growth base on customer's success credit is our life.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.501192
Retrieved Text: I am a room with no view.
Sometimes I enter to drill new holes and caves.
Instead of growing, the space shrinks.
My hands are tender hammers.
The labyrinth leads here, all roots grow into me.
My tongue confuses hospitable with hostile when I do not pay attention.
From 2014 to 2017 I have documented my body impulsively and in fragments while fighting against depression and emotionally unstable personality disorder. Switching between documentation and conceptually staged shots, the camera follows a process of healing from an intimate perspective and enables the viewer to inhabit a new perspective on femininity and self-experience connected to mental illness. The Silent Dialogue merges the physical representation of both body and illness with symbols and metaphors in order to communicate an unseen inner space. Through the lens the subject merges with the observer, giving an objective, yet individual access to an intrinsic perception. The images function as a dialogue between conscious and subconscious, between ego and illness, unlocking an intermediate and dynamic space in form of a visual poem.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.45573
Retrieved Text: GCC Vitality - Share Positive Energy. Everyday.
Sound travels through concrete, metal and our own bodies every second of the day.
20 years of extensive research enabled the creation of devices which have the ability to embed sound geometry into the very molecules of everyday objects. Such treated objects then emit this subtle energy in what we believe to be a healing and beneficial way, even years afterwards. We cannot yet measure this slow release, but we have seen the benefits these objects can give.
Structured water enables plants to grow healthier, structured discs and bangles have pain-relieving properties, and creams treated in this way are more easily absorbed by the body.
The only way to try it is to test it for yourself.
Vitality Bangle can be worn day and night. Over time the soothing effects will become evident. Most people who use these objects come to appreciate their health benefits.
Place the Vitality Disc under a glass of water or simply leave it in a jug you use for watering, or just place it next to your favorite plant - see for yourself if there is any difference over time. You may also realize your favorite drinks taste better treated this way.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.447275
Retrieved Text: Widely known for her innovative teaching philosophy stressing body awareness, the value of "soft eyes," proper breathing, centering, and balance, Sally Swift has been a pioneering riding instructor for half a century. In book form for the first time, her methods enable horse and rider to achieve harmony, working together naturally, without pain.
Unlike traditional teachers, Sally Swift does not believe in forced training techniques that cause stiff bodies and tense riding. Instead, through the use of vivid, unusual, and highly creative images that transcend mechanics ("Pretend you're a spruce tree; the roots grow down from your center as the trunk grows up"), plus a thorough knowledge of human and equine anatomy, this wise and inspiring teacher enables the conscientious equestrian to reassess habitual responses, in order to ride in natural positions, break through frustrating plateaus, and achieve ever-rising goals with comfort, vitality, and precision.
Precise illustrations and photographs never before used in riding books explain anatomy and image work to give mind and body new and relaxed approaches to the inner process of riding.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.445626
Retrieved Text: Ram is a wonderful person and a phenominal Coach, As he believes in power of NOW, he focuses on implementation aspect in his services. He is good at creating results in given deadlines. His coaching helped me in several ways to grow my business.
Ram Bende is a great trainer and guide, whose simple communication style leads participants in the right direction. He is an inspiration for many of us. He is humble and down to earth which adds more value to his services.
I am associated with Ram Sir since 2014, He has helped me to grow as a professional person. his guidance is invaluable and can't be measured in words. He is passionate about what he does.
Ram Bende is perceptive to see beyond the objectives his client initially identifies. This enables him to help clients explore the root causes of their challenges. During coaching sessions, he will pick up on the smallest signal which suggests that what is being said is not the full picture. Without leading his clients during sessions, he enables those clients to make their own discoveries.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.392833
Retrieved Text: Urinating More At Night: Should You Worry About Nocturia?
A normal person urinates once every six to eight hours. However, some feel the need to discharge urine in the middle of the night. When this frequently happens, you might be suffering from nocturia. Here are the most common causes of peeing more during the wee hours.
There are two possible reasons why you urinate frequently. One of them is having a small bladder that cannot hold enough liquid in. Another reason is that your body produces too much urine. However, if the need to urinate frequently happens during bedtime, you might be drinking too much liquid at night, according to WebMD.
Another cause is having a Urinary Tract Infection (UTI). The condition urges you to pee more both during the day and night. It may even be painful to pee and it is accompanied by a fever in some cases.
As you grow older, your body produces less anti-diuretic hormone that enables you to hold liquid in until morning. However, those who experience health problems such as having an enlarged prostate for men or menopause for women, you are most likely to urinate more at night. Women also have weaker pelvis after giving birth. This causes their urinary tract to become smaller, making them pee more.
Some doctors recommend medication that fills up your body with liquid. When this happens, you feel the need to urinate the excess liquid in your body. You can prevent peeing more in the night if you take the pill or tablet earlier in the day.
The

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.383868
Retrieved Text: LifeSprout's synthetic material acts like tissue, giving the real thing room to grow back in.
LifeSprout cofounders Russell Martin, Hai-Quan Mao, Justin Sacks and Sashank Reddy.
Doctors can rebuild parts of the body that have been damaged, but they need soft tissue to do it.
Whether it’s facial reconstruction after trauma, a masectomy as a result of breast cancer or something more cosmetic like stopping wrinkles, the person who needs the procedure is typically the one to provide the tissue.
In such procedures, doctors take soft tissue from another part of the body, and reattach it. That involves surgery, with the costs attached and potential risks.
At Johns Hopkins Hospital, a team of scientists and surgeons are working on a way for the tissue to come off the shelf, instead of from the human body. LifeSprout is commercializing a synthetic material developed by the company’s cofounders that’s a fusion of hydrogel and polyester nanofibers.
Instead of requiring surgery, the material could be injected or implanted, said Sashank Reddy, who cofounded the company with Hai-Quan Mao, Justin Sacks and Russell Martin.
The material provides space for the body to regenerate its own tissue over time. It’s stiff enough to take up space like human tissue, but also has an “open and porous structure that enables cells and blood vessels to grow in,” Reddy said.
With its five employees working out of FastForward East, the company is looking to move toward trials after a year gathering IP and making plans for a suite of products. LifeSprout also received nearly $1 million in funding and grants from

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.369849
Retrieved Text: The focus for this unit is Mary in her response to God’s call to agree to become the Mother of God. It highlights her response as a crucial part in God’s Plan. It presents Mary as a woman whose depth of spirituality and complete openness to God enables her to respond positively to this call, to become the Mother of God. Pupils will also explore her title, “Mother of the Church”, and so come to understand the significance of this title to themselves. As Mother of the Church, she is mother to each baptised member of the Body of Christ. Finally, pupils will grow in their understanding of Mary as intercessor, the woman of prayer who journeys with the Church on earth, leading us always to Christ her Son.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.36095
Retrieved Text: This exercise is aimed at stretching the upper part of the body. Use your toes and hands to support your entire body on the ground. Make sure your wrists are directly opposite your shoulders. If your wrist hurts, try balancing it with your forearms until you are comfortable with the posture. In that balanced posture, lift one of your legs to a level where you can to ensure maximum stretching. Alternate the legs until you feel your body is well stretched. Try this everyday and increase your lifespan and slow down the rate of aging.
Yoga is one of the simple exercises that do not require straining hence can be done by people regardless of their age. You may have never thought that standing could make a great exercise until the yogis discovered. You are required to stand apart with your bare feet and concentrate on how the total body weight is distributed. Try balancing the body weight while by shifting from right, left, back and forward without moving your feet until you balance the body weight. Shift your attention to the hips by felling how they are stacked above the angles and your shoulders above the hips. Move your head backward such that it is the spine is balanced and focus on gaining equilibrium. Close your eyes and imagine that something is pulling you up and focus on how your stability changes. This will help you maintain posture easily and enables you to discover the right posture for you hence the chances of bending with age

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.353937
Retrieved Text: Weight Gain Powder provides your body with the calories and energy it needs for a successful workout diminishing the important supply of protein that is being used by your muscles. Brands such as Maximuscle, LA Muscle, and Sabre Nutrition offer quality excellence for any body builder.
Whether you are underweight and trying to build yourself up, or you're trying to achieve bigger muscle mass, weight gain powder can be the choice for you. However, by taking weight gain alone isn't sufficient enough to achieve desired results. You also need to consider a healthy balanced diet, to ensure you still get enough vitamins and nutrients, and then you need to consider workout programs.
A quality weight gainer should provide you with a high amount of calories. These calories will be turned into energy. Usually these can be found in your diet, but if you are not used to eating a huge amount, then the weight gain powder that you choose to use should provide you with the calories that you wouldn?t otherwise get in your normal diet.
By combining a healthy diet and proper exercise with a quality weight gainer, you?ll soon be on the right road to building your bulkier physique.
When you want to gain weight, you need to be careful that you achieve it the correct way. By eating the wrong foods, such as junk food, you are filling your body with trans fats and saturated fats. Even if you do end up gaining weight by eating these, it will be an unhealthy weight that does your body

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.351957
Retrieved Text: Everyday, churches are being faced with finding solutions to the challenges of driving more attendance to their churches while also attracting active, giving members to help continue sharing their message. By accumulating four generations of experience in helping more than 10,000 churches across the country grow their offertory solutions, we realized we needed to be a part of a solution to help with this new opportunity. After prayerful consideration and reflection on what we could do, we developed a capability that enables us to uniquely help churches Pray, Save and Grow with their mission to spread the word of God. That capability is called Witness 157.
Witness 157 is a printing technology capable of VDP, or variable data printing, at extremely high speed. It enables us to carry a different message and print in color on both sides in a matter of seconds. This enables us to deliver highly personalized and engaging content to each church and each member, yielding an average of 22% increase in giving in a church.
Our Witness 157 printing solution drastically reduces printing costs, is better for the environment and creates less waste or use of chemicals which is harmful to the environment. All of this translates into a better quality and lower cost offering of envelopes to the people who matter most: the church!
We are here to serve God and you! By passing along these blessings to you for your envelopes, as well as host of other offertory consultative solutions to grow your church, we will continue to be here for another

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.24422
Retrieved Text: The first messengers of spring are making themselves heard and seen. The trees are opening their buds and readily offering their fresh green to the brightest ray of warm sunshine.
The fresh branches, much like anything new, are soft and flexible a quality that is slowly lost as they become stronger and firmer with age.
It appears that most things and most of us lose some of our our flexibility with each year that we gain and grow. Much like for the young tree branch, it is important for us also to grow in strength and to somewhat limit our flexibility. This allows us to hold our head, to strengthen our legs and find balance on the ground to take our first steps.
With each step we take, our body becomes stronger and firmer. At the same time our world becomes bigger and bigger as we grow and discover.
We are confronted with more and more information and need to find a way to limit the amount of input. With time we learn more about which environment feels good and comfortable to us, the people we like to have in our company, the foods we enjoy, the colours that inspire us, where we like to travel to, the music that moves us and so on. With this selection, this focus, our reality becomes manageable and somewhat controllable, it enables us to focus, to dedicate, to concentrate.
In this life of ours a certain rigidity is sustained by our experiences, our knowledge and our beliefs. These give us a structure in which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.226419
Retrieved Text: Aditlys gives patients that are going through dialysis the ability to grow artificial veins using the first polymer-based vascular access solution of this kind.
ZÜRICH, Switzerland — (BUSINESS WIRE) — Aditlys (http://www.aditlys.com/) is the first medical technology firm to develop a bioresorbable vascular access solution for patients undergoing dialysis treatment for chronic kidney disease. Aditlys’ polymer-based graft enables a patient’s body to naturally reconstruct its own blood vessels using the body’s own tissue. By focusing on patients suffering from chronic kidney disease, Aditlys expands a patient’s hemodialysis options and reduces the complications and exorbitant healthcare costs associated with these treatments.
Currently, hemodialysis is one of the only options available for patients at risk of chronic kidney failure. This treatment requires that a patient’s arteries and veins be connected with a plastic tubing made from “permanent polymers” and often causes severe complications such as infections, or failure of maturation, leading to non-usable access paths.
Aditlys’ polymer-based vascular access solution has a porous structure which allows a patient’s healing response to develop tissue that fills the structure and creates a blood vessel. As this “endogenous tissue restoration” occurs, the device is gradually replaced by the body’s own tissue, leaving a natural, fully-restored blood vessel, with no foreign material that has the potential to disrupt the life-saving treatment.
Aditlys is a medical technology firm and developers of the first bioresorbable polymer-based graft for patients undergoing dialysis. The technology and bioabsorbable materials enables a patient’s body to naturally form its own blood vessel made from the body’s own tissue in order to form a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.154985
Retrieved Text: PICTURE 1 An outreach team visits a small village in a remote area. There’s no local pastor. 90% of the people cannot read. Tracts and the Bible in written form mean nothing to them.
PICTURE 2 The team shares the Good News of Jesus with the people of the village. To ensure that they get spiritual nourishment until the team gets around to visiting again, they leave a set of audio-visual teaching materials with a responsible person in the village. This enables the local people to teach themselves the Word of God while there is no-body else to teach them.
PICTURE 3 As they continue to learn from Gods Word, they grow spiritually and feel the zeal to share this Good Message with others; so they themselves start to reach out to others in close vicinities, sharing the gospel.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.117991
Retrieved Text: When we are children, our physical body and mental body development happen at a pace that is dictated by the internal genetic programming. Someone cannot lean over the child and say, “Grow”, and have the child grow on demand.
Growth is a process, whether the growth is to cause the body to grow or to cause the mental capacity to grow. Awareness, intuition, and spirituality are all abilities that also need to grow from the inside out. Yes, you can have all sorts of teachers that tell you how to do “something”. However, you will not be able to “do” the “something” until you have grown into it.
Physical growth needs to be nourished with food and water. Mental development needs to be nourished with the constant influx of new ideas and ways of thinking and that is why we have schools. Spirituality is nourished externally by religion and belief systems.
The systems of growth are flawed because they rely on an external stimulus. What if you could listen to your body tell you exactly what type of food your unique body needs instead of listening to a someone spout about a food guide for what you need for your body? Would you be healthier? Would you avoid the prepackaged foods that business and government has been telling us for years is good for our health?
For the next seven days, listen to your body… your inner knowing… and write down what you hear. Is it consistent? Does the information resonate with you? Do you feel a sense of relief?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.042591
Retrieved Text: If you never give your body any essential “non active” multi-jointed lifts work many different muscle groups simultaneously. Beginners should begin with a limited combination of in whey, casein cottage cheese , eggs, beef, poultry, and fish. Squatting is very stressful for the lower body, especially the knees, so grow out of the gym, while you are resting and eating. I do understand that people have lives and other activities that they multi-jointed lifts work many different muscle groups simultaneously. How To Gain Weight And Build More Muscle For many thin guys the most important for those who are looking to gain muscle size and strength. Weight training is of great importance in this context, which enables the body to absorb more and to a certain extent your shoulder muscles.
Therefore, in order to make continual gains in muscle size and strength, but there is more to building muscle than weight lifting. When you overload your system with plenty of protein and system into releasing the greatest amount of muscle building hormones. I am going to show your three muscle building exercises you focus of your workouts, and should only come after your multi-jointed lifting is complete. In Part 3 of this article, I will cover your eating rules and guidelines system and cause the greatest release of muscle building hormones. Those who make the greatest gains in muscular size and strength are the targets the entire chest pectorals , front shoulders deltoids and triceps. If you don’t provide your body with the proper recovery time focus

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.921909
Retrieved Text: Triangle poses help us to build the necessary strength and endurance to balance out and support our ever-increasing flexibility. They have great subtleties of stretch and alignment, making them the single most important group of postures for awakening intelligence throughout the whole of the body. Being fairly strenuous, triangle poses awaken some inner heat, preparing the body for the postures that follow. They also have a wonderfully stimulating effect on the digestive and circulatory systems, removing dullness and lethargy, leaving the body feeling light and alive. Triangles are big, whole body poses, which encourage a sense of fullness and space. They teach us how each body part is interconnected and how to play the five lines off of each other to produce greater stability, poise and balance. There is no part these postures don’t reach – increasing mobility in the feet, awareness in the hands and fingers, space in the heart, power in the legs, release in the neck and shoulders, and openness in the hips. Triangle postures are a toning invigorating tonic for the body and mind.
Are the step-by-step, breath-by-breath methods of entering and leaving a posture. Vinyasa creates a physical, mental and energetic continuity or flow between postures. This teaches us that the journey into the posture is as relevant as the posture itself. The essence of vinyasa is a union of movement, breath and awareness in an unbroken stream.
It’s only by going down that we can truly go up. Whatever body part is in contact with the floor provides the foundation on which

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.894583
Retrieved Text: There are about 5,000 species of crabs.
Crabs have claws on their front two legs.
Crabs have large compound eyes made up of hundreds of tiny lenses.
A female crab lays millions of eggs at one time.
Crabs have gills to breathe.
The Red Rock crab is the most colorful showing it red, yellow, orange and white.
Crabs are located in more places than any other sea creature.
Crabs communicate by flapping their pincher or pounding their claws.
Crabs can walk in any direction, but will normally move sideways when hurried.
If a crab loses a limb it will grow back.
Many crabs have a flat body that enables them to enter narrow spaces.
A cast is a group of crabs.
A crab can move at a speed of 12 MPH.
Average life span is 3-4 years.
Crabs have eyes on stalks, much like a snail.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.826733
Retrieved Text: VISION: Sports is a component of comprehensive youth ministry which enables the partnership of parents, coaches, and adult leaders to manage and support a sports program that allows youth to grow in their relationship with God and come to better understand themselves and the Catholic faith.
PERSPECTIVE: Sports have become a major force of influence in our society. This significant capacity to influence has led to a greater need for examination of the power of sports as either a life-giving or life-draining force in the lives of athletes, their coaches, their parents and the entire institution that sponsors the programs.
Sports have the capacity to greatly enrich the body, mind, and soul of the athlete, as well as enhance the life and spirit of the community. We view sports as a healthy and holistic activity, and as a wonderful vehicle of spreading faith through gospel values.
The courage to strive and to dare.
With my faith and my honor held high.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.818713
Retrieved Text: This natural supplement is a new dietary supplement and it makes use of a 100% natural to support quality, as well as exercise continuance and muscle picks up. It utilizes the natural fixings which have been proven clinically to aid in the general athletic execution.
As of today, people who have added this supplement to their lifestyles have experienced great results and we are letting you know that when you choose to use this supplement you will enjoy its usage. However, this natural product has been designed to work for men of all ages and body types except younger men under the age of 18.
TestoCore Muscle is an ideal formula for boosting muscle. It naturally enhances the level of testosterone in the body. Therefore, ensuring a balanced level of this testosterone in the body, this formula provides the muscles as well as the rest of the body with every necessary component the body needs to grow significantly larger and also stronger.
The first recipe that is being utilized by the Tescore Muscle is used to convey general physical execution, which comprises three successful fixings viz a viz the L-Citrulline, the L-Arginine and also the Creatine. However, the three components are normally sourced and also offers shelter, they tend to be solid, and reaction free in terms of execution improving impacts. The principal dynamic component which, is the L-Citrulline, is an amino corrosive which is used to deliver the body specially to support nitric oxide present in the body. Essentially, the enhancing of the nitric oxide substance around the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.763165
Retrieved Text: We provide a valueable combination of patient capital, flexible deal structures, in-depth business capabilities and a wealth of experience.
Our investment capital is not fund-based, which provides tremendous freedom and the ability to invest for the long-term. This approach eliminates the short-term pressures that come with many investment sources and allows our partners to grow their businesses in a healthy, sustainable fashion.
There is no substitute for experience. The depth and breadth of our team’s collective experience is an enormous resource and provides our partners with a pragmatic, proven body of expertise to draw upon.
Our investment model allows us to be extremely flexible in our deal structures and strategies. Flexibility enables intelligent, creative investments that align with the unique needs of each of our partners.
Business success requires expertise across a number of domains. Beyond financial resources and knowledge, our team brings a wealth of experience in strategy, finance, technology, marketing operations and overall business management.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.736835
Retrieved Text: Weight Loss Tips by DietHealthMag!
DietHealthMag!WHAT ARE THE INGREDIENTS OF ANADROLE?
The active ingredients of anadrole are what make this anabolic steroid a safer, effective alternate of anadrol. DietHealthMag!
These have been thoroughly studied and researched prior to the formulation of anadrol.
Crazybulk, the company has always remained clear about the ingredients of its product line, as it supports the customer’s right of knowing what they are purchasing.
It is for this reason, the ingredients and their quantities are always mentioned on the packaging of the supplements for you to know what you are about to take.
The best thing about using anadrole is the fact that it works naturally, yet manages to deliver the results of anadrol.
It simply increases the process of protein synthesis in the body, which ensures more protein is supplied to your muscles for them to nourish and develop, in turn.
In addition to this, anadrole also helps to boost the making of testosterone, a hormone that holds great importance for the achievement of your bodybuilding goals.
Well, this is not just enough; anadrole works through a number of mechanisms for you to attain the maximum from this bodybuilding supplement.
It also improves the making of red blood cells in the body. By this, more oxygen is supplied to your muscles at the time of strenuous exercises.
In turn, your muscles grow at a speedy pace. As mentioned earlier, anadrole also helps to avert water retention, which enables your muscles to build denser and harder.
If you are willing to make the most from your money, I would suggest you to be particular

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what does the digestive system break food into for the body?" and the following answer choices: 
- sugar
 - fatty
 - iron
 - lipids
 - edible
 - liquid
 - matter
 - Energy

Now knowing that the digestive system breaks food into nutrients for the body and another nutrient to be concerned with is iron, choose the best answer.

Target Text: iron

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.80325
Retrieved Text: We are sure everyone has these days where it feels like you’re exhausted for absolutely no reason. The reason for that may be digestive problems.
As we have all learnt in school, the digestive system breaks down food in order to create energy. So what really happens when your digestive system isn’t working properly? You do not receive the necessary energy.
When your digestive is falling behind, it can create many negative effects. The most common effects that you can get including bloating, fatigue, and even headaches. The process of digestion involves your body breaking your food down into nutrients that are then transported throughout your body into cells in order to produce energy. When your food intake exceeds the digestion speed, your body cannot break it down into nutrients fast enough. Hence, your body does not get the necessary nutrients to turn into energy. You become feeling tired, nauseas, and sometimes - even worse. Therefore you might be asking yourself, how can I ensure that I get all the energy from the food?
The answer is simple, you have to make sure that you have enough of the following!
Lactobacillus Reuteri is the most important probiotic in related to digestion. What is does, is it produces antimicrobial molecules, the ones that break down the food into nutrients. The antimicrobial peptides also decrease the production rate of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which cause heartburns.
Lactobacillus Rhamnosus is a bacterium that is responsible for the prevention and/or treatment of gastro-intestinal infections. Basically, it acts as an antibiotic for your digestive system.
Bifidobacterium Bifidium is a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.887646
Retrieved Text: Home/Basic Science/What Happens If You Swallow Gum?
That’s a very smart question. What really happens when we swallow a gum by mistake? Well, our parents always remind us to not forget to throw bubble gum right after chewing. Right? But what if we swallow it mistakenly? Gum passes through our body just like food does but it doesn’t get completely digested like food. The stomach can’t dissolve gum because of its chemical properties. Eventually you will poop it out but still, experts believe that gum shouldn’t be swallowed as it does not have any nutritional value or person who swallows gum a lot has to suffer too.
1 Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
2.1 What Happes In Your Body When You Swallow Gum?
2.2 Can You Swallow Gum?
Do you know what happens if you swallow chewing gum?
We’ve all heard the story that if you swallow you gum it will stay in your stomach for 7 years. Or you may have also been told that it will grow into a plant in your stomach. It may seem so irrational to you but you may have heard it. But is that true? Let’s find out.
When you normally eat food three processes in your body take place to convert that food into fuel that your body needs.
The first is chewing. Your teeth and tongue work together to break down the food you eat. The process breaks it down into smaller and smaller pieces to help it get digested better and easily.
Saliva then covers those pieces delivering enzymes present

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.792557
Retrieved Text: Information on probiotics and prebiotics are topics that often appear in scientific literature in correlation with maintaining the health of the digestive system. There are many natural ways to supplement these substances in the body. There are also dietary supplements that provide medicinal probiotics and prebiotics. However, only some of them contain a full set of digestive enzymes, which are very important for the complete assimilation of all nutrients and for the proper course of the digestive process.
For the secretion of digestive enzymes, the pancreas is responsible, a small glandular organ that is located near the stomach. The pancreas provides enzymes to digestion of proteins, carbohydrates and fats to the small intestine, and also produces hormones that regulate blood glucose levels – including insulin.
The digestive enzymes break down the food into the smallest particles so that they can be absorbed by the lining of the small intestine, which is very thin – it consists of only one cell layer. Then the nutrients are transferred to the individual cells of the body, through the complicated system of blood vessels that surround the intestines.
Protein digesting enzymes (proteases) break down proteins into smaller particles, which then turn into single amino acids to be absorbed by the lining of the digestive tract. Proteins are necessary for muscle building as well as for cell regeneration.
Enzymes that digest carbohydrates (carbohydrases) break down large molecules called polysaccharides into simple sugars that pass through the lining of the digestive tract. Cellular energy, brain energy and muscle energy are produced from sugars. Sugars are also

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.75878
Retrieved Text: DIGESTIVE HEALTH When our body is working in order, we rarely give the digestive system a second thought. Still, it often needs a bit of care to keep doing what it does best: fuel our body, day in and day out. Here are a few tips to keep your digestive system in top shape!
What you eat, your lifestyle, medication or medical conditions can all disturb your digestion at times. If you suspect one of these factors is at play, talk to your pharmacist to sort this all out.
Most Canadians don’t eat enough fibre. Discover why dietary fibres are important for digestive health and learn how to easily integrate them to your diet.
My Day-to-Day Digestive Health Even the smallest of change can make or break the delicate balance of your system. Learn how to prevent digestive troubles and deal with their aftermath.
Learn more about the different options for over-the-counter laxatives and how they’re used to relieve constipation.
It’s easy to confuse Irritable Bowel Syndrome and Inflammatory Bowel Disease. Read on to learn more about their similarities and differences.
Learn about dehydration symptoms and rehydration solutions to help you recover from fluid loss.
Food for Thought By an elaborate process, your digestive system turns meals into body fuel. Discover what helps… and what doesn’t.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.84332
Retrieved Text: The digestive system, or gastrointestinal track (GIT), is a specialized group of organs in the body that is responsible for turning food and fluids into sources of energy and nutrients to help the... An optimally functioning digestive system requires all of its parts to be healthy and working properly, and by doing everything possible to make this happen, you can assure you are getting the most from your food. In this article, I will break down digestion from start to finish and look at the variables that impact this process.
Choose healthy foods and foods that would help out with all the other systems in your body. You know, that's the purpose of the digestive system is to supply all the other sys … tems with the... Your digestive system is critical to managing your weight, maintaining healthy energy levels and even maintaining your overall health. When working correctly, the body absorbs essential nutrients to keep your body running properly through digestion.
When you have a healthy digestive system, what you consume is properly digested, and then the beneficial nutrients are immersed into the bloodstream via the small intestine. Nutrient absorption gets a boost when a healthy intestinal lining provides a large surface for absorption. how to keep fruit fresh in hot weather When your digestive system is not working properly, the rest of your body suffers. Digestive problems interfere with normal nutrient absorption. Every system of the body needs ample nutrients to function properly.
Some of the Conditions that can effect the Digestive System. Due to overcooked, highly

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.036186
Retrieved Text: Your digestive system plays a major role in the overall health of your body. That’s because your digestive system is responsible for absorbing the nutrients the other organs in your body need to function. If you aren’t able to digest and absorb nutrients properly, it can interfere with a variety of other important health factors.
Good health relies on your body’s ability to use the vitamins, minerals, proteins, and essential fatty acids in the food and supplements you ingest. In order for your body to absorb the nutrients it needs, in must have a sufficient amount of stomach acid and enzymes.
Your body produces digestive enzymes of its own to help break down the food you eat. Important digestive enzymes are also present in raw vegetables and fruits. However, when these foods are cooked, the enzymes are destroyed. Not eating enough raw veggies and fruits can deplete your body’s natural production of enzymes.
Enzymes are involved in every process within your body. Without sufficient enzymes, your body cannot break down the food you eat or withdraw the nutrients it needs to maintain good health. Thus, a depletion of enzymes leads to a depletion of health.
Undigested food can also become a fuel source for harmful microorganisms like bacteria, yeast, and parasites. Over time, these dangerous microorganisms can cause a variety of serious health problems if left untreated.
Poor digestion can also be the result of dysbiosis, which is when the level of healthy organisms within your intestinal tract becomes imbalanced.
Dysbiosis can be caused by invasive yeast, bacterial overgrowth, or parasitic infections.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.548435
Retrieved Text: What are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods. admin november 1, 2018 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods 2018-11-01t05:25 what are dr pedres 3 digestive superfoods; will dehydration cause sugar levels to rise; vincent pedre md vegetable not to eat; ketone mg/dl vs mmol conversion; dr pedre vegetable to avoid; american diabetes. dr. pedre on. Making these 10 digestive-health superfoods mainstays of your diet can help get rid of troublesome gastrointestinal issues. by dr. mercola. the digestive process seems simple on the surface. you put a food in your mouth, chew it up, and swallow. then your body breaks down your food into components your body can utilize and absorb.. Three more trendy “superfoods” to avoid. posted on january 9, a vital digestive enzyme, to break down and digest proteins from the saliva to the small intestines. but soybeans, if not properly prepared, contain an anti-trypsin factor that blocks trypsin. sometimes you need up-to-the-minute information and opinions on the day’s.
Bariatric surgical treatment for weight-loss to reverse type 2 sugar diabetes. 4 superfoods to cure your digestive issues and give you more energy. When it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. – blackmores 7 superfoods for digestion 9126 views 3 min to read. when it comes to gut health, certain superfoods are star performers. our digestive system can only be as healthy as the food we eat, and all fruits and vegetables go a long way to keeping it in good.
7 superfoods that help digestion. the digestion process is an intricately choreographed ballet during

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.332306
Retrieved Text: Why do we need a digestive tract?
If the body did not have a digestive tract, you could not enjoy your favorite pizza, hamburger, or other food. The human body must obtain its energy by eating food. Therefore, the main purpose of the digestive system is to provide the body with amino acids, carbohydrates, fats, and vitamins to keep our cells functioning. The digestive system provides these essential materials to the 75 trillion cells that live in our bodies. Wow! Do you know how many 75 trillion is?
The digestive tract takes both liquids and food and breaks them down into single molecules that can be absorbed by cells in the small intestine. These cells transport the molecules into the blood stream so that other cells in the body can use them. The digestive tract also serves to eliminate what your body doesn't absorb during the digestive process.
Why do I have a stomach?
The stomach has two major functions in your body: one for digestion and one for defense. (See the illustration on the right.). Digestion breaks down proteins with acidic stomach juice, secreting enzymes that split up proteins into individual amino acids (see Cells Are Us unit on proteins). The defense component kills most foreign organisms that you ingest so that they can't get into your bloodstream or anywhere else in your body. These organisms are destroyed by the highly acidic stomach fluid that is secreted within the stomach.
Why do you have two intestines?
The intestines are where the body absorbs all of the food, vitamins, fluid, and minerals

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.16125
Retrieved Text: Tag Archives: Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Posted on August 3, 2018 | Comments Off on Digestive Complaints? Enzymes to the Rescue!
Essential for whole body wellness, a properly working digestive system allows food to be broken down into small, usable molecules for complete nutrient absorption without intestinal discomfort. Proteins break down into amino acids that are utilized to build, repair and replace bodily tissues. Fats subdivide into fatty acids and glycerol, catalyzing reactions that control growth, immune function, reproduction, energy storage, insulation, vital organ protection, and various aspects of basic metabolism. Carbohydrates disassemble into simple sugars to provide glucose, the body’s main cellular energy source. Fiber is a complex carbohydrate that does not convert into glucose. Instead, undigestible fibers keep the digestive tract operating smoothly, supporting proper waste elimination.
Scientific research has established that implementation of healthy diet, proper sleep and exercise supports improved health, promotes a healthy weight and discourages chronic disease. An efficiently run digestive system supports energy production, immunity, proper bodily functions, and overall wellness. By some estimates, more than 100 million Americans appear to struggle with indigestion that can result in uncomfortable symptoms such as bloating, gas, abdominal pain and problems with elimination. For some, this can be a sign of a serious underlying medical condition including Crohn’s disease, celiac disease or gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) or exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI). For many others, low-grade inflammation, infections, allergies, dysbiosis, food intolerances, poor diet or normal aging may lead to improper digestion of food and poor absorption of nutrients.
Even

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.129776
Retrieved Text: Sixty to seventy million people in the U.S. are affected by digestive disorders each year, adding to higher medical costs. Over the counter and prescription digestive aids are big sellers for those seeking relief from stomach bloating and upset, gas and irregular bowel activity (from constipation to diarrhea).
Everyone has experienced digestive disorders at some time or another. It's typically a sign that food is not being properly digested. And if food isn't digested, you don't get the nutrients the food is supposed to provide.
A primary contributor to the digestive problems is the quality and type of food being eaten. Eating too much meat, cooked and processed foods, and artificial ingredients puts a burden on your digestive system. Maybe you've already tried diet changes to deal with less-than-optimal digestion. You eat plenty of fiber, drink enough water, and consume lots of fresh, raw vegetables. Yet something still isn't working as well as it can.
At the heart of the problem is a lack of adequate digestive enzymes, which the body normally provides during the digestive process to break down food into material that nourishes and rebuilds the body. Digestive enzymes are secreted by the body during the digestive process starting in the mouth by the salivary glands, in the stomach secreted by cells lining the stomach, in the pancreatic juice secreted by the pancreas, and in secretions by the small and large intestine.
Not chewing your food enough. Too often food is gulped down with a few bites not allowing enzymes in saliva to mix with the food. Digestion

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.06359
Retrieved Text: All health really does begin in your gut. Your digestive system is more than just the place you break down food and absorb nutrients. Your digestive system is home to 70% of all your immune system cells and 90% of your total serotonin production and storage, giving it a vital role to play in total mind-body health & wellness.
Poor digestive health may be affecting more than just your digestion and impacting your overall health in profound ways. Dr. Carly Wendler, a local experienced ND will take through the food choices, lifestyle factors, and supplements required for optimal gut function and health.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.6435
Retrieved Text: We’re familiar with this saying because our moms would always so graciously interject it whilst we gobbled down a sleeve of cookies and half a bag of chips. While it’s easy to shrug off, I challenge you to really ponder what this means. We’ve all pictured something similar to the below illustration, but think of this beyond just its idiomatic qualities.
If you eat an apple, your body continues to break down that apple into itty bitty pieces until it has stuff it can utilize. Those tiny apple particles become a part of your body, used for any number of things. You are now one-bajillionth apple (that’s not an actual statistic – don’t quote me). If you follow up your apple with some Cheetos, you become one-bajillionth artificial flavoring (again, do not take my word as science. I’m just illustrating a point here). What goes into your body eventually becomes part of your body, as it is with all living creatures.
Now if you picture the less-than stellar ingredient deck of Cheetos1, compare that even still to the ingredient deck of heat-extruded, commercial pet food. Not good. Our pets are slowly becoming equal parts corn, meat and bone meal, and artificial flavor packs.
Given this, it’s no wonder we see so many issues with the gastrointestinal system. Whether it takes the form of horrible gas, soft stool, a gurgley gut, or vomiting, many of our pets deal with digestive issues. Nourishment affects the entire body, especially the GI system, which includes all the organs shown below.
Scavenger Carnivores: meat-based eaters

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.392986
Retrieved Text: Digestive Enzymes Supplements May Help Digest The Holidays!
With the Holidays upon us, we tend to eat more rich foods, drink more alcohol and indulge in sweets, candies and desserts. Digestive enzymes may be very helpful in our digestive processes and reward us with a healthier, better feeling tummy!
Digestive enzymes are absolutely essential to life. They digest our foods and then send the nourishing ingredients to the bloodstream to feed the organs, glands, cells and tissues as well as the brain. Many scientists believe that most lifestyle and degenerative diseases, and even aging are simply the lack of a continued and adequate supply of the necessary nutrients required to keep all of the body’s systems working properly.
Your body produces different digestive enzymes that it uses to break down the food that you eat. You may be eating healthy, but if your digestive enzymes aren’t getting those nutrients to your bloodstream, organs and cells, then you aren’t receiving all the benefits of that healthy diet. And those nutrients are what keep all of your systems, particularly your immune system, strong and healthy. As you are eating your food the digestive enzymes in your body are excreted from the glands in your mouth called the salivary glands, as well as the digestive enzymes that are found in your stomach. The small intestine in your body helps to move the digestive process along by allowing each of the digestive enzymes to work on specific foods.
Pepsin- breaks down proteins into peptides.
Lipase- breaks down fats found in most dairy products, nuts, oils,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.34777
Retrieved Text: The digestive system is one of the most complex systems in the human body, and one of the most vital. A digestive system that is performing in a less than optimal manner can have massive health and fitness knock on effects, right through the body.
DigesTech from Onnit represents one of the most powerful digestive enzyme combinations on the market today. It works by increasing the natural enzyme levels in the stomach which breaks down food faster, easing any bloating or discomfort associated with eating a large meal, as well as assisting with nutrient. Greater nutrient absorption then supplies the bodily system with increased availability of the energetic components for optimal function. With enzymes specifically chosen to help digest all five of the major food categories — including dairy, fats, protein, carbs, and fiber — this natural supplement is an all-in-one professional grade digestive enzyme formulation.
Protease are enzymes that break the peptide bonds that link amino acids into polypeptide chains forming proteins, and can also help digest the cellular walls of unwanted wastes like toxins, undigested proteins, and other cellular debris.
Complex carbohydrates — like those found in grains, nuts, seeds, legumes, and vegetables — are just long chains of sugar molecules linked together. Amylase helps break these down into glucose that your body can use for fuel.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.147808
Retrieved Text: If you are suffering from symptoms such as bloating, indigestion, gas, irregularity, or heartburn, you may have an enzyme deficiency. The deeper cause is dependent upon each person's individual circumstances, but digestive enzyme supplements may specifically alleviate gastrointestinal symptoms. They can also help you with other non-digestive related problems such as lack of energy.
Eating as many raw vegetables and fruits as possible.
Chewing food slowly to ensure enzymes will be released—yes, there are enzymes in your mouth!
Eating foods that are high in probiotics and enzymes, such as raw sauerkraut.
Taking a high-quality, vegetable-based digestive enzyme supplement.
To fully understand the benefits of digestive enzyme supplements, you need to understand what exactly enzymes do in your body.
There are many different types of enzymes, so I will give you a quick biology tutorial that focuses on the digestive enzymes. For more in-depth information, read Dr. Barbara Bradley Bolen's discussion.
Enzymes are important proteins in your cells. They are catalysts that help speed up every chemical reaction in your body. Without them, you would not be able to breathe, swallow, eat, or digest food.
All of the vitamins and minerals you eat and all of the hormones your body produces need enzymes to work properly. That means your energy level, your ability to utilize vitamins and minerals, and even your immune system are dependent on enzymes.
Food contains natural enzymes, which can be fully obtained if eaten raw.
Enzymes are classified into three categories: digestive, food, and metabolic.
Metabolic enzymes occur throughout your organs, and your digestive organs produce digestive enzymes.
Let's focus on the two enzymes that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.07401
Retrieved Text: The digestive system provides for the function of the human body to take in consumptions, ingest those consumptions, break down complex molecules that make up those consumptions, absorb the necessary components our bodies need to function, and proceed to remove the waste product. This process is performed through means of complex mechanic and chemical digestion, and uses several major organs and components of the body to perform these processes. Additional functions are performed by hormones and enzymes secreted through various parts of the digestive organs as well. As a result of these functionals, the body is enabled to maintain homeostasis, and live ultimately healthier lives. However, health risks from various forms of problems and disorders within the digestive system can be altered significant amounts from consuming foods and substances that will have a negative affect on our bodies. Fortunately, we have the ability to pick and choose what goes into our digestive tract, and what does not.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.739635
Retrieved Text: After almost a decade of practicing medicine I have found that our digestive systems are key to our overall health and if the digestive system isn’t functioning optimally the rest of our body isn’t either. Conditions such as acid reflux, gas, bloating, diarrhea, constipation, brain fog, pain, autoimmune conditions and weight gain can be signs of leaky gut, small intestine bacterial overgrowth (SIBO), candida (yeast) overgrowth, food sensitivities, lack of digestive enzymes or stomach acid, hormonal imbalances, fibromyalgia, hypothyroidism and adrenal fatigue or excess. I look at stool testing as a foundation for determining your body’s owner’s manual as once we know what’s going on in your digestive system we can better troubleshoot the rest of the body. Stool testing is able to determine if you have sufficient stomach acid and pancreatic enzymes to break down the foods you consume. It tells us if you are able to break down vegetables, fruits, grains, fats and proteins sufficiently. It gives us a snapshot of all the bacteria that are currently living on your digestive system lining and breaks it down in terms of the beneficial bacterial counts and the pathogenic bacterial counts. It’s a great way to see if your digestive system lining has allowed for the beneficial bacteria that you are supplementing with or ingesting in the form of fermented foods are surviving. Stool testing can rule out if you have parasites and yeast overgrowth as well. It can indicate the level of digestive system lining inflammation, excesses and deficiencies in certain enzymes and nutrients as

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.695305
Retrieved Text: As much as we would like to deny it, the digestive system is our favorite system of the body. Why? Because it involves food of course. It is through the digestive system that the body is able to make use of the vitamins, minerals as well as the other nutrients that we consume daily. The digestive system actually breaks down the food that we put into our bodies until it is in a form that can be used by our cells in order to ensure our being healthy. However, not everything that we put into our mouths constitutes as being �healthy�, there are several vitamins and minerals that directly affect the quality and efficiency of the process of digestion. A conscious effort to consume the proper amounts of these nutrients daily is a good start towards having a well functioning digestive system.
First, let�s break down the digestive process, beginning in the mouth, with the saliva and the teeth. Healthy teeth are essential to proper chewing, which breaks down the food into teeny tiny pieces so that it can pass through the esophagus while the enzymes start on their work. Calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, Vitamin D and Vitamin C are all essential nutrients to having healthy teeth. Your teeth�s very structure depends greatly on these vitamins and minerals. Calcium and phosphorus are the primary building blocks of the teeth while Vitamin D helps enhance the calcium absorption by the body and rounding off this process of having healthy teeth are magnesium and vitamin C.
Vitamins that make up the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.692986
Retrieved Text: You spend time and money on the healthiest foods. But how much of it do you actually absorb into your cells? Turns out food combining has a major effect on your digestive efficiency. Foods that digest well together make for a healthy inner ecology. Smart food combining makes a your tummy happy. Poor food combining is a major cause of sluggish brain, heartburn, GERD, flatulence and emotional stress. If you want to optimize your health and save money, food combining is your secret friend.
Increase your assimilation with conscious food combining. Aha!
Research says humans assimilate between 10% and 80% of the food we eat, with the average somewhere between 40 and 60 percent. The undigested food is excreted, recycled back into the Earth. Well, that’s a very large range. How much YOU assimilate fluctuates constantly and is pretty hard to measure. The primary factors are: how well you chew your food, the nutrient-density of the food, the type of food (i.e. starches, proteins, fats), whether it is raw or cooked, the level of life force in the food, enzymes present, your intestinal flora, the health of your organs, your emotional state, stress level, and the amount of toxins, empty calories, or useless material to be eliminated. Other important factors are your metabolism rate, exercise and activity level, the quantity of food you eat, your age, the time of day, your internal body temperature, and the temperature of the food consumed. Wow!
Animals who live on young shoots and new leaves absorb 60 to 70% of the energy taken

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.50774
Retrieved Text: Home / Probiotics Supplements / #1 Probiotic Supplement – All Natural Formula Promotes Optimal Health for Women, Men, and Kids. Improve Immune System Function, Colon Health, and Digestion! Safe Formula with Lactobacillus, Acidophilus, and Billions of Live Cultures and Intestinal Flora in Every Serving. Number One Nutrition Advanced Probiotics are 100% Vegetarian with No Known Side Effects! Experience Dramatically Improved Health or 200% Money Back Guarantee !
Being healthy and happy about your body is a matter of choice. What are Probiotics? Probiotics are good bacteria who perform a very important role in our digestive, methabolic and immune systems. They produce enzymes that break down the food we eat, regulate vitamins intake and convert sugars to the essencials nutrients our bodies need. THIS IS HOW #1 PROBIOTICS MAY HELP YOU • Drastically Improve your Digestive Health. • Balance Your Intestinal Flora. • Improve your Mood. • Break Down allergy causing proteins. • Accelerate your fat loss. MORE THAN JUST DIGESTIVE Improvement! Did you know that the GI tract is responsible for 80% of the immune system health? When we improve the digestive function we are also giving a great BOOST to the IMMUNE SYSTEM. Fighting off the bad bacteria present in the GI tract will also help the body to fight off INFECTIONS. Bringing balance to the Intestinal Flora will also alleviate digestive discomfort, inflamation and BLOATING. We’re certain that you’ll love the way you feel when you incorporate #1 Probiotic into your diet. And if you don’t, we’ll refund your moneyat any time. It’s that simple.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.404896
Retrieved Text: Digestive system enzymes are something that we could all stand to get more of. While our bodies do digest food naturally, it could still stand to use a little help when you consider the importance of digestion and our health overall.
The process of digestion involves breaking foods down so that they can be absorbed into the blood and carried through our bodies, in order that they may nourish our cells, give us energy and keep our immune system in check. Thus, you can see why doing all we can to help things along is important.
While our body does its part, we can add certain foods and supplements that are made up of natural digestive system enzymes to keep things running smoothly - literally. By adding certain foods and supplements to your diet, you can ensure that your digestive system works at its best, which means helping it to break down your foods properly so that you get all the nourishment and nutrients you can from what you intake.
As well, digestive system enzymes help to keep you regular so that your body is able to get rid of waste and toxins to the best of its ability. This is far more important than many even realize, because when you aren't 'regular', you can quickly find yourself feeling tired and run down; irregular bowel movements have proven responsible for symptoms such as gastrointestinal issues, migraines, excess weight and much more.
Now that you know how important digestive enzymes are and why, it's time to discover natural sources of these

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.283848
Retrieved Text: Collagen has long been known for its age-defying effects on our skin, hair, and nails. Research has also found that it has a positive effect on our joints and muscles. Its use may even extend to providing temporary relief from occasional pain, inflammation and digestive health.
Collagen is a naturally occurring compound that makes up 30% of our body’s protein. Collagen has three primary types: Type I, Type II, and Type III. For intestinal and gastric health, all three are beneficial. Collagen contains the amino acid glycine, which protects the intestinal integrity and soothes inflammation. Glycine also supports liver and kidney function, aids in detoxification, and promotes the production of bile that helps to remove waste from the body. Usually collagen is extracted from animal products, but it is possible to supplement with plant based collagen, which has shown to be as effective as animal-based options.
Collagen works as a prebiotic for the healthy bacteria that are tasked with breaking down the amino acids in collagen. When broken down, these bacteria use amino acids for energy and growth. For people on a low carb or no carb diet, it is important to incorporate collagen in your daily diet. Typically, bacteria use carbohydrates for energy, but without a source of carbohydrates, bacterial quality can diminish.
When talking about the break down of collagen, it is important to understand that collagen is not broken down by bacteria. This has led to some confusion as collagen contains a strong triple helix form that would normally make it resistant to break down without

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.27495
Retrieved Text: Digestive enzymes are necessary to break down food’s smaller building blocks in order to facilitate their absorption into the body. They are found in food and in your cat’s body. The organ responsible for producing enzymes in the body is the pancreas.
Enzymes are fragile and are depleted by heat, pesticides, preservatives, additives, color and flavor enhancers in food. Enzymes in the body can be depleted by environmental toxins, air pollutants and medications and naturally become depleted in older age. Digestive enzymes digest the cat’s food and are critical to nutrient absorption. They break down the food into essential vitamins, minerals and amino acids. Cats are particularly dependent on certain enzymes to maintain normal levels of cholesterol and other blood fats and are necessary for respiratory health and the proper function of the immune system.
Food enters the stomach complete with the digestive enzymes already in the food. The stomach churns the food, pre-digesting up to 75% of the meal. Hydrochloric acid which is produced by cells in the stomach wall is introduced and temporarily inactivates all food-based enzymes and breaking down what is left of the meal. Acid-resistant Pepsin is introduced. The digestive enzymes are therefore not destroyed by the acid but are re-activated when they enter the more alkaline environment of the digestive tract.
Nutrient rich partially digested food then moves to the small intestine (duodenum) where enzymes produced by the pancreas are responsible for the final digestion of proteins, carbs and fats. Liver secretions neutralize the acidity of the gastric juices and bile emulsifies the fats

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.211437
Retrieved Text: What if I told you that a class of supplements exist that can help you build muscle, feel & perform better and fight bloating? You’d consider using them right? Well that’s why I formulated The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes.
As we eat food, our body begins to digest and break down what we ate so that it can extract the nutrients from the meal. The chicken breast you ate contains amino acids that your body needs to break down and the olive oil on your salad contains fatty acids that your body needs to absorb to form cholesterol. As we chew we naturally produce more saliva which is actually the first step in the digestive process.
Once we swallow, our body produces digestive enzymes from our pancreas and small intestine who’s job it is to break down the food so our bodies can absorb the nutrients.
Now the obvious question is why we need to supplement with digestive enzymes to begin, right?
Well a variety of common issues today can result in decreased enzyme function.
*Decreased stomach acid due to stress, poor diet habits or an overall unhealthy environment. Luckily The Physique Formula Performance Enzymes include betaine HCL to rebuild your stomach acid.
*Aging generally causes lowered digestive ability.
*Overtraining/stress. Any activity such as training or living a stressful lifestyle can impair digestive health by keeping your sympathetic nervous system turned “on” and causing your “parasympathetic” relaxation system to stay “off”.
Since we normally see more parasympathetic activity during digestion, it’s an issue when we can’t turn our parasympathetic system on as we are

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.16399
Retrieved Text: Does Isagenix work? To answer that question we must first understand how the digestive system works, because that's where many health problems begin. Improper digestion creates a host of health issues that range from irritable bowel syndrome to colon cancer.
People today are more sedentary than they used to be, and as a result are putting on more weight. Lack of physical activity coupled with poor diet is contributing to an astonishing level of obesity in the United States. Almost 60% of Americans are overweight or obese.
Being overweight has a much bigger impact on the body than many realize. Dietary choices affect weight, the digestive system, propensity to develop chronic disease, and energy levels. Too much fat in your system prevents your body from processing nutrients properly, resulting in a host of problems ranging from malabsorption to skin conditions.
So when you ask, "Does Isagenix work?" you're actually asking if it's beneficial for weight loss and digestive system cleansing. It's in the colon many of the problems begin, and Isagenix works to bring those problems to an end. Too much dietary fat, lack of essential vitamins and minerals, and environmental toxins meet in the colon and the result can be a host of uncomfortable and even painful problems.
When you do not digest food properly it means the body is not absorbing the nutrients it needs for good health. The intestines are lined with villi which are little tubes used to pull the necessary food byproducts into the system. From there, the nutrients are used by the organs, muscles,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.99997
Retrieved Text: 1 What Are the Functions of Roughage?
2 What Nutritional Value Does Cellulose Have?
4 What Role Does Fiber Play in Muscle Building?
Dietary fiber provides many benefits to your body even though it's indigestible and contributes very few calories. Indigestible means that your digestive enzymes can't break fiber down. However, the structure of dietary fiber is altered when you chew, and some is digested by bacteria in your colon. Other fiber passes through your body mostly unchanged.
Dietary fiber is a type of carbohydrate that comes from plant foods. It's found in fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts and beans. Two types of dietary fiber exist -- soluble and insoluble fiber. The first absorbs water in your digestive tract and swells to create a gel. Soluble fiber may help lower your cholesterol and regulate blood sugar, according to MayoClinic.com. Insoluble fiber provides bulk in your digestive tract and encourages the movement of food through your body, preventing constipation.
Although dietary fiber is indigestible by your body, it is physically altered. The first changes to high-fiber foods occur when you chew. Most fiber is found in plant cell walls, and it helps provide strength and structure to the plant. Your teeth and pressure from your jaw muscles break down large pieces of food into many small pieces, changing its physical appearance. The churning of your stomach muscles during digestion may also physically break food into smaller bits. From your stomach until reaching your large intestine, fiber moves along largely unchanged, with the exception of absorbing moisture.
Upon reaching your large intestine, fiber may be

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.947004
Retrieved Text: A lack of stomach acid production is one of the main reasons why so many people find weight-loss to be such an arduous task. When someone lacks stomach acid, they're likely to suffer from a sub-optimal metabolism, struggle with blood sugar regulation issues, experience cravings, energy lows and sleep problems, and encounter a variety of other issues. All of these responses make it extremely difficult for someone with a lack of stomach acid to make the lifestyle shifts necessary to lose weight. Furthermore, while poor stomach acid production is a very common problem, it's often overlooked by many healthcare practitioners. Addressing low levels of stomach acid can make a world of difference when it comes to facilitating weight-loss and cultivating a powerful and healthy body.
1 - What is stomach acid?
The stomach produces stomach acid to help break down and absorb the food we consume. Stomach acid activates important enzymes required for the digestive process and ensures optimal absorption of any nutrients, including proteins, vitamins, minerals and antioxidants. By helping everything get broken down properly, stomach acid also helps fight against the proliferation of bacteria in the stomach and gut – keeping us further balanced. An appropriate level of stomach acid is critical to a properly-functioning physiology and absolutely essential to regulating our body weight and promoting fat-loss.
All of these symptoms are good indicators that the body lacks stomach acid. Although many of these symptoms may be considered "normal" because they're experienced so often by so many people, their prevalence should by no means suggest they're normal.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.899038
Retrieved Text: You really are what you eat, and your digestive system is proof of that. Everything you put into your mouth passes through your organs and over the space of your life you will have toxins and waste that will build up in your digestive system. The results can cause uncomfortable health issues, such as low energy, constipation, irregular bowel movements and constipation.
One of the most important organs in your body is your colon. Why? Because this organ, also known as your large intestine, works hard at removing the water, salt and nutrients from your food. This helps your body to function properly and receive the elements it needs from the food you eat.
Sometimes our colon can become blocked for may different reasons. You can eat the most healthiest of diets and still have colon problems such as lazy bowel. This can be the consequences of toxic matter that has built up within the large intestine, stopping it from working properly. When this happens, it is important to cleanse out your system naturally, so you feel better and get your body back to functioning the way it should be. These signs mean you are in need of a natural fibre colon cleanse and colon detox.
Suffering with stomach problems is painful. It can affect daily life and make simple outings difficult. Digestive syndromes are given labels such as irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and irritable bowel disorders (IBD), This is all well and good but it’s only a label; how do you treat it? If you are struggling to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.861937
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Info / Education / Are Enzymes the Secret to Health?
There are approximately 1,300 enzymes in the human cell. Each enzyme only reacts with a specific type of substance, so it won’t cause chemical reactions where it shouldn’t. The flip side to that coin is, if you have an absence of or issue with an enzyme, nothing else can readily step in and perform its function.
Enzymes are pretty impressive in that they make some processes happen millions of times faster. An extraordinary example of this is OMP decarboxylase—in your body, a reaction that would take 78 million years, when you add this enzyme, takes 18 milliseconds! Crazy, right?
So enzymes are absolutely crucial to our health. Insufficient enzyme production is at the root of many health issues and chronic conditions. In fact, a number of inherited diseases are due to a lack of a particular enzyme.
Metabolic enzymes are produced in the body and are used to keep our tissues, blood, and organs healthy. They take the nutrients from the food we eat and use them to generate new cells, heal existing cells, expel toxins, and aid in energy production. They build nutrients into muscles, nerves, bones, blood, lungs, and various glands.
Metabolic enzymes are vital in operating your cardiac, circulatory, endocrine, hepatic, lymphatic, neurologic, renal, and reproductive systems, as well as sustaining your bones, joints, muscles, skin, and other tissues. Every single one of the 100 trillion cells in your body depend on these enzymes.
Enzyme production declines with age. Ah, the joys of aging—is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.8556
Retrieved Text: Why should you see a nutritionist?
Do you suffer from unexplained symptoms that cannot be connected to any sort of cause that the doctor can find? Have you been sent for test after test only to be left with no answers and still suffer from symptoms such as indigestion, diarrhea, constipation, allergies, fatigue, aches and pains ect? Did you know that those symptoms are the way the body tells you that you are not absorbing your nutrients?
Our digestive system is a very complex system that is nothing short of miraculous if you stop to think about it. Each time you eat, the food you put into your mouth moves down into your stomach where digestive juices are secreted from the walls of your stomach to break down that food into small particles to be moved into your small intestines where it absorbs the vitamins and minerals from the food, that eventually go into your bloodstream and feed every cell in your body. Over the years, the foods that our great grandmothers used to make for their families have changed. Our foods now come from boxes filled with ingredients that are often not ingredients at all but chemicals to extend the shelf life of the food like substances. If the food we are giving our bodies does not have the nutrients our it needs, our organs are then not properly nourished and unable to do the many jobs they were intended to do such as filter out toxins. If toxins are unable to leave the body, then they

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Where do platypus females lay their eggs?" and the following answer choices: 
- swea
 - tree
 - bushes
 - fields
 - ground
 - autumn
 - plate
 - holder

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and many species dig burrows in the ground, choose the best answer.

Target Text: ground

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.788857
Retrieved Text: The females only come to land to lay eggs on a sandy beach, where they dig a hole and lay about 100 eggs and then cover them with sand. Once hatchlings (baby turtles) reach the sea, only the females will ever return to the land again when they come to lay their eggs as adults.
Tropical and subtropical areas of the Indo-Pacific region.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.342278
Retrieved Text: For the uninitiated, echidnas are a rare type of mammal known as a “monotreme,” which are distinguished by the fact that they lay eggs.
Along with the platypus, the four species of echidna—found in Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea—are the only known monotremes left on the planet. And like their platypus cousins, echidnas also look like mash-up creatures.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.817764
Retrieved Text: Cooperation between non-kin is a long-standing puzzle in evolutionary biology. Since cooperation typically involves some short-term fitness cost, it should be easily undermined by cheating and competition between group members. Our long-running research project in Panama focuses on the Greater Ani, a Neotropical cuckoo with an unusual breeding system. Whereas many cuckoos are specialized parasites which lay their eggs in the nests of other species, anis nest communally. Up to eight unrelated individuals construct a single nest in which all of the females lay their eggs, and all group members participate in incubation, defense, and food delivery to the shared clutch. However, reproductive competition within the group is intense: before laying her first egg, each female ejects any eggs that have already been laid in the communal nest. Each female stops ejecting eggs once she has laid her first egg, presumably to avoid accidentally removing her own. As a result, the first female to begin laying in the communal nest invariably loses at least one egg — sometimes several — whereas the last female to enter the laying sequence loses none. A main goal of this research is to quantify the reproductive costs and benefits to females of nesting communally.
Four unrelated Greater Anis (two males and two females) simultaneously arrive at their communal nest bearing food for the mixed clutch of nestlings. Adults cannot recognize their own eggs or nestlings, so parental care is provided indiscriminately to the shared brood. © 2016 Christina Riehl.
Striped Cuckoos parasitize white egg-laying hosts in South America and blue egg-laying hosts

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.700745
Retrieved Text: Free Platypus coloring page. Online and Printable. All sorts of free coloring pages to color in online, or print out and use crayons, markers, and paints. Coloring pages for kids of all ages, from preschoolers, right up to older children - and adults too! The platypus is a really strange animal! Although they are mammals, they lay eggs. They find their prey (such as crayfish) by sensing its electric field. Males have a venomous spur.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.284912
Retrieved Text: Over 40 different species of mosquitoes have been identified from Cape May County. In many, but not all, cases female mosquitoes require proteins and nutrients from blood to produce eggs. Additionally, some females are very particular about the kind of host blood they require. For instance, there are some mosquitoes that will only take blood from birds, some only from reptiles and some that aren’t as particular and will utilize whatever host is most available. It is important to note that only female mosquitoes require blood and that it is not food for them, but is only used to produce eggs.
Mosquitoes, both male and female, feed on nectar, and other carbohydrates as a food source. After a female takes a complete blood meal, she will find a quiet place to rest and in the course of a few days convert the blood to eggs. Different species of mosquitoes deposit eggs in different ways.
Mosquitoes of the genus Anopheles deposit single eggs that float on the water’s surface. Aedes and Ochlerotatus mosquitoes also lay single eggs; however, their eggs aren’t laid directly on the water’s surface. They prefer to lay their eggs just above the water line and as the water level rises during flooding events, the eggs hatch. Other mosquito species lay groups or clusters of eggs, often called egg rafts or egg boats.
Culex mosquitoes, for example, lay egg rafts on the surface of the water that may contain up to 300 eggs. Once a female mosquito is ready to lay eggs she must first locate a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.828712
Retrieved Text: Mole salamanders spend most of the year in underground burrows and tunnels made by small mammals and come out only on rainy nights to feed or to travel to breeding sites, where they stay for several weeks. This behavior gives these salamanders their name. Moles are small mammals that spend almost all their time in tunnels searching for insects to eat.
Two key types of behavior of mole salamanders are their defenses from predators and their traveling. Many mole salamanders that have gone through metamorphosis take a head-down position and lash their tails when threatened. Both behaviors show predators parts of the salamander's body that are full of poison glands. Mole salamanders are famous for their travels to breeding ponds. In some species hundreds of salamanders may travel on a single rainy night to a breeding site, giving a spectacular display of salamanders crossing the landscape, including roads. In other species the travels take as long as many weeks rather than one night. In general, males travel before females do and stay for a longer time in the breeding pond.
Axolotls (ACK-suh-lah-tehls) are a species of mole salamanders that never go through metamorphosis and never leave the water. According to Aztec legend a god named Xolotl escaped from his enemies by diving deep into a lake and changing himself into a salamander. Mexico City was later built on that lake.
Most mole salamanders breed in the winter or spring, although mountain salamanders breed in the summer. Landdwelling adults move into vernal pools, ponds, or, more rarely, streams to breed.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.237953
Retrieved Text: ﻿When the first platypus pelt arrived at London's Natural History Museum in the late 1790's, it was thought to be a fake made from bits of animals sewn together. This unusual mammal has a leathery bill, webbed feet, and fur, and it is one of only three mammals that lay eggs. Its body length is about eighteen inches, and its broad, flat tail is about seven inches long. The reclusive platypus spends most of its time in streams, rivers, and some lakes, foraging for food in the evening and sleeping during the day in burrows dug into the river banks.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.169094
Retrieved Text: An important and complex adaptive behavior that influences the speciation potential of the populations is the selection of the most suitable site for oviposition. However, the mechanisms underlying this process remain as a subject of matter. In the present study, the male influence on the selection for oviposition site was evaluated in a natural population of Drosophila ananassae from Laguna Verde, Veracruz, Mexico. The females collected in nature were established and analyzed as isofemale (IF) line. Females from each IF were allowed to lay eggs in three types of medium: unconditioned medium (UM), conditioned tracked by females medium (TF) and conditioned tracked by males medium (TM). The number of eggs laid per female was counted every 24 h for ten consecutive days. Two types of IF’s where found: (a) high and (b) low fecundity. Results showed a strong preference to lay eggs on TM for both types of IF, but the number of eggs laid by low fecundity IF’s was triplicated, and for high fecundity IF it was doubled compared with the control. No differences were found in egg-to-adult survival between eggs laid in the different mediums.
Reproductive capacity is a good index of fitness in organ- isms that go through repeated cycles of rapid population growth and it has evolved as a way to maximize the poten- tial of survival for species . The study of their behavior and the factors that modify it have helped to understand the evolutionary mechanisms of adaptation of the species [2-4]. It is known that fertility depends on factors such

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.74813
Retrieved Text: Sexlinks are chickens,that are bred specifically so that males and females are different colors when they hatch. Females are egg-laying machines that continue to lay well in the heat and cold, when many others slow down. They are sweet, small and docile, in addition to being super layers! These girls lay SUPER large eggs. Their eggs usually don't fit in egg cartons and regularly outweigh turkey eggs! Golden Sexlinks are produced when breeding a Rhode Island Red rooster with a Barred Rock hen. These ladies are particularly curious and often friendly if given the chance.
They mature very early at 18 weeks and produce 325-350 brown eggs per year!!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.729925
Retrieved Text: The Zoo’s Marvellous Easter trail runs over the Easter weekend and is all about baby mammals. This particular mammal, the echidna, lives in Australia and New Guinea. The only mammals in the entire world that lay eggs are the platypus and four species of echidnas.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.700764
Retrieved Text: There are many interesting facts about mosquitoes including how do mosquitoes reproduce? but, before we know deeper about its life cycle, here are some interesting facts that you should know about mosquitos.
There are more than 3,500 mosquito species that you can find in this world, including 200 distinct species lay the eggs of U.S. female mosquitos in the water where the pupal and larval stages happen. This animal has a reason to nibble that requires blood for helping them reproduce their next generation. Adult male mosquitos only eats nectar, while on the other hand, the females plays their role to bite. After sucking on blood, they lay their eggs on the water. They commonly lay their eggs on a small pool of water which does not contain any fish. While the population of mosquitos may be high around large water bodies, they lay their eggs usually only happen in a small and sheltered water puddles along the edge.
Blood is the best source of food for adult female mosquitoes since it has rich substances in calories and protein. Different kind of mosquitos has different biochemistry details. One of the species that currently being studied extensively is aedes aegypti. Even though mosquitoes have similarities, the group diversity creates some adaptions. Almost all mosquitoes larvae eat small organic materials. On the other hand, larval toxorhynchites genus eats other mosquito larva. For adults, this genus creates another unique adaptation. The females prefer to consume nectar rather than consuming blood, similar to what the males do. Other mosquitos also makes strange

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.665688
Retrieved Text: The ruddy is a small sized diving duck that is greyish-brown in color. These birds are omnivorous feeding on both vegetation and aquatic invertebrates. Ruddy ducks nest in permanent freshwater marshes where the vegetation is thick. Females use these thick marshes to hide their eggs and ducklings from predators such as small carnivores (raccoons, foxes, skunks, feral cats, American mink) and raptors. They are mostly diurnal and are known to migrate at night. During the breeding season, the male's feathers turn chestnut-brown in color while he sports a blue beak and a black cape. They perform a courtship display with a call to attract females. Ruddy ducks breed seasonally in the spring and summer months. Females lay six to 10 eggs with the incubation period lasting to approximately 26 days. The young are precocial fledging in approximately two months.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.329447
Retrieved Text: Wasps are the kind of insects that belong to the order Hymenoptera and suborder Apocrita. Wasps are neither bees nor ants; they have pointed lower abdomens and a narrow petitole, which segregates their abdomen from the thorax region. This is what differentiates wasps from the bees. There are around 30,000 species of wasps known to the human being. In day to day life, we recognize wasps as brightly colored insects with a strong buzz, flying around in frenzy, trying to sting us. But the fact is, most of the wasps can not sting; they are rather good for human beings as they help in controlling the pest insect growth. Wasps are found in a variety of colors; the wasps that sting are generally bright in color. Another distinctive difference between a wasp and a bee is, wasps construct nests from wood fibers extracted and chewed into a pulp, while the bees secrete a waxy substance to build their nests. Most of the wasps have the parasitic tendencies, they lay eggs directly into the body of the host. Some of these parasitic wasps have venomous sting. The common characteristics of wasps are: tow pairs of wings, a stinger or ovipositor (only present in the females), few thickened hair and a pair of talons. Almost all the wasps are terrestrial insects. Wasps can be divided into two categories: solitary wasps and social wasps. Know more about the categorization and different types of wasps in this article.
Solitary wasps are not into forming of or living in colonies. Some of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.249868
Retrieved Text: There are an abundance of activities for you to enjoy both on LarnOO, whether you are looking for adventure or to relax and recharge there is something for everyone!
At LarnOO there are plenty of farm roads and trails to explore. There are no rails, signs or barriers and experienced enthusiasts are advised to take all care and precautions. Please ensure you secure any gate you open on your travels.
Catch and release trout in one of our dams or the Goulburn River frontage.
There areYabbies in our dams, why not try your luck at catching delicious fresh water delicacy!
Swim in the pool, river or dams.
Relax on the lawn, balcony or verandah of your accommodation and enjoy a good book. Sit beside a bonfire and take in the surrounding country.
The distinctive and purposeful ‘rolling’ gait is just one if the endearing qualities that make these animals so popular. Also known as the ‘Spiny Ant-eater’ and ‘Short-beaked Echidna’, this species is found widely at LarnOO . If you see one at LarnOO be sure not to pick them up – as their spines are very sharp Echidna are 30 to 40 cm long and weight 2 to 5 kg their body is covered with spines about 5 cm long and fur as well between the spines. Echidna feed on ants, termites, grubs and worms. They use their fore paws to dig into ant nests and use their fast-moving tongues, which are covered with sticky mucus, to trap the ants. Echidna can live in most habitat types including the bush land

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.685854
Retrieved Text: Caprimulgiformes are nocturnal, meaning they are active at night. Some families are also crepuscular (kri-PUS-kyuh-lur), becoming active at twilight. Birds in this order communicate with calls.
Most species are monogamous (muh-NAH-guh-mus), mating with one partner. Nightjars do not build nests, and the female lays one to two eggs. She and the male incubate the eggs, sitting on them until they hatch. In some species, both parents feed the young birds. Female oilbirds have a clutch of two to four eggs, and both parents incubate them. Female frogmouths lay from one to three eggs, and both parents incubate. Owlet-nightjars lay three to four eggs. Females incubate and both parents feed the young. Potoos usually have a clutch of one egg. Both parents incubate and care for the young.
While frogmouths, owlet-nightjars, oilbirds, and potoos live their lives in one area, some nightjar species travel great distances. European nightjars breed in Europe and migrate to Africa for the winter.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.187702
Retrieved Text: [https://safariltd.com/products/view/incredible-creatures-kemps-ridley-sea-turtle-figurines-262429 Kemp’s Ridley sea turtles] have grayish-green shells and bellies that range in color from off-white to yellow. They have four flippers with claws and a jaw with a beak-like shape. These are the smallest sea turtles in the world. Adults have an average shell length of 2 feet and weigh up to 100 pounds.
[https://safariltd.com/products/view/incredible-creatures-kemps-ridley-sea-turtle-baby-figurines-267429 Kemp’s Ridley sea turtles] have a breeding season that lasts from April through July. Females can produce more than one clutch of eggs in one breeding season, but they typically only breed every two to three years. Females gather in groups and form a procession on the beach, called an arribada, in order to find a suitable nesting spot. Their eggs incubate for around 55 days after being laid in the nest. The young turtles are on their own from the time they hatch and must reach the water while avoiding predators.
[https://safariltd.com/products/view/life-cycle-series-life-cycle-of-a-green-sea-turtle-figurines-662316 Kemp’s Ridley sea turtles] are strong swimmers and spend most of their time in the water. Females generally only venture onto land to lay their eggs. In most cases, these turtles live solitary lives. When they do look for other members of their species, they use vocalizations and visual cues to find them.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.170008
Retrieved Text: The 1989 coin set features the then new $2 coin replacing the old paper deciaml note.
The coins truly celebrate Australia's natural heritage and pay tribute to our oldest natural inhabitants. The feather tail glider, the frill necked lizard, the spiny ant eater, the lyre bird, the platypus, the kangaroo and the emu are joined by Australia's earliest human inhabitant the aborigine.
The platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) is a semi-aquatic mammal endemic to eastern Australia, including Tasmania. Together with the four species of echidna, it is one of the five extant species of monotremes, the only mammals that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young. It is the sole living representative of its family (Ornithorhynchidae) and genus (Ornithorhynchus), though a number of related species have been found in the fossil record. The unusual appearance of this egg-laying, venomous, duck-billed, beaver-tailed, otter-footed mammal baffled European naturalists when they first encountered it, with some considering it an elaborate fraud. It is one of the few venomous mammals, the male platypus having a spur on the hind foot that delivers a venom capable of causing severe pain to humans. The unique features of the platypus make it an important subject in the study of evolutionary biology and a recognisable and iconic symbol of Australia; it has appeared as a mascot at national events and is featured on the reverse of the Australian 20 cent coin. The platypus is the animal emblem of the state of New South Wales. Until the early 20th century, it was hunted for its fur, but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.13648
Retrieved Text: Finally, Mexican Bush Katydid Eggs!
We discovered today that one of our fertilized Mexican Bush Katydid (Scudderia mexicana) females had laid some eggs!
Our first Mexican Bush Katydid to be mated was on 7/23. Since then we have been trying to get it to lay eggs. One method we attempted was removing it from the enclosure with the plant and into a completely empty glass aquarium tank, effectively removing it from any suitable places to lay eggs in hopes that it would be more willing to lay when we put it back. Or so we thought.
After a full day in the tank, we put the female back into the enclosure. After a few days of waiting, it didn't lay. By now, at least two or three of our females have been mated and the first female has been mated at least twice and still nothing. But today, we found a group of six very flat, paper thin eggs inserted within a crevice in the tank, between a piece tape and paper towel! We're not sure how we missed it, but that first female must have laid after all.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.045437
Retrieved Text: The largest living bird, the ostrich can reach up to nine feet tall and 285 pounds. The species has a black chest and wings, a white underside, and long, bare neck and legs. Because of its large size, the ostrich is unable to fly.
Ostriches primarily feed on seeds and other plant parts. However, they will also eat insects and even meat left by predators when available. Adapted to dry habitats, ostriches can survive without water for long stretches of time, gaining moisture from the plants they consume. The species is known to swallow rocks and pebbles to aid the breakdown of plant products.
Ostriches live in grazing groups of 5-50 individuals. During breeding season, males compete for mates by establishing and defending competing territories. Females lay their eggs in holes scraped in the ground; these eggs can be five inches long, six inches wide, and reach up to 30 pounds, making them the largest eggs found in nature. Males and females cooperate in incubating the eggs.
The ostrich is the world's fastest bird on land. The species's long legs enable it to run quickly through the grasslands where it lives, reaching speeds of up to 40 miles per hour.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.926271
Retrieved Text: Female scissortail sergants allow potential mates to fertilize a small batch off eggs and then monitor their parenting skills to decide if they are good enough to deserve a full clutch.
When studying filial cannibalism* in scissortail sergeants, ecologist Andrea Manica** of the University of Cambridge noticed that some females approached a male’s nest, deposited a small amount of eggs, and then left.
This aroused his curiosity and he decided to provide the males with ceramic tiles to use as nest sites. Once a female has deposited a small clutch on a ceramic tile, Manica either left the eggs alone or rotated the tiles to move the eggs.
The tiles that were left alone turned out to be popular; two-thirds of the females returned to deposit a full clutch of eggs later. The tiles that had been rotated by Manica were much less desirable and only a quarter of the females returned to lay a new batch.
Overall, this method of testing potential fathers seems to be rather rare in the population researched by Manica. Out of 421 females, only 7.4 percent laid test eggs before depositing a full batch. Manica also noticed that the method was used mainly at the onset of the breeding cycle. Later in the cycle, the amount of eggs already inside a nest seemed to suffice as indicator.
“The female fish probably use these test eggs when they don’t have much to go by. As a strategy, to me it makes lots of sense. There are probably lots of other species that do that,” said Manica.
The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.885584
Retrieved Text: The largest South American bird, rheas are flightless and resemble ostriches.
Rheas have unusually long wings for flightless birds. They use their wings like an airplane rudder balance while running and to dodge predators.
Rhea feathers are used to make feather dusters in South America.
The male rhea incubates the eggs and cares for the chicks after they hatch.
Although rheas look similar to ostriches, they are much smaller. They also have three toes on each foot, while ostriches have two. The rhea has a long neck and long legs. A rhea's head, neck and thighs are covered with feathers, but the bird has no tail feathers. Its plumage is mostly gray and brown with white underparts.
Rheas cannot fly, but they have unusually long wings for flightless birds. They use their wings like an airplane rudder to help them dodge predators and for balance while running.
Rheas are the largest South American bird. They weigh between 33 and 66 pounds (15 and 30 kilograms) and stand 3-5 feet (0.9-1.5 meters) tall. Males are typically larger than the females.
The greater rhea is found in southeastern South America, including Brazil, Bolivia, Uruguay, Paraguay and Argentina, where it lives in grassland and semiarid scrubland. During the breeding season, rheas stay near rivers, lakes or marshes. They occur on upland and lowland plains in most parts of South America.
Rheas are omnivorous, preferring broad-leafed plants and clover. However, they eat a variety of seeds, roots, fruits, insects and small vertebrates, such as lizards, frogs, small birds and snakes. Rheas continuously move as they feed.
Rheas generally live

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.797035
Retrieved Text: Larvae are known to feed on Alchornea costaricensis and A. latifolia; both are woody species known to have medicinal properties.
Adults use rotting fruit and tree sap as their primary nutrient source.
The origin of the genus and species of Catonephele numilia is currently unknown.
Adults spend the majority of their time in wet forest habitats.
Males perch on vegetation and wait for receptive females to pass. After mating, females spend the warmest parts of the day cruising waterways and paths looking for host plants to lay their eggs. Once the eggs hatch, the larvae feed on the host plant until they are ready to form their chrysalides.
There are multiple generations each year, making it possible to find adults all year round.
All the species found in the genus Catonephele are sexually dimorphic, which means the males and females of a species look remarkably different from each other.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.796446
Retrieved Text: Graihagh Jackson and Chris Smith are celebrating 12 scientific days of Christmas with the help of Hugh Hunt, Alan Calverd and Eleanor Drinkwater.
Everyone sings: on the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me, six geese a laying, five gold rings, four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and a partridge in a pear tree.
Graihagh - So we are back to birds again. But this time not bird calls but bird eggs. Our producer this week, Caroline Steel, has put raw and uncooked chicken eggs in some vinegar for a few days and the results are interesting to say the least! We’ve got a couple here. It’s changed colour! There’s no shell on it anymore. It’s kind of squishy, a bit bouncy, I would say naked. Hugh - can you explain why it has gone all naked and bouncy?
Hugh - Well, the vinegar, it’s an acid; and the egg shell is made of calcium carbonate. And I remember learning at school that "acid plus carbonate gives salt, carbon dioxide and water". And as these eggs were sitting in the vinegar, there were bubbles of what must have been carbon dioxide on the outside. Now, all of that carbonate - all of that shell - has now gone, and it’s very "squidgy".
Graihagh - It is isn’t it? You're "squidging" it and I’m rather nervous you're going to break it.
Hugh - What’s left is that membrane. You know when you have a hard boiled egg, and you peel the hard boiled egg, there’s this

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.693462
Retrieved Text: There are two types of brooders in the cichlid family -- the mouth brooder and the substrate brooder. Once you understand the type of brooders you have in your tank, you can begin to assess whether or not you'll soon have a school of fry in your tank.
Know the conditions your cichlids need to breed. If you own cichlids from the calm lake waters of the Rift Valley lakes, they will breed as long as the conditions in the tank are close to the acidic waters of their natural habitat. Cichlids that originated from the changeable Amazonian conditions will usually only mate in low waters. If you have drained your Amazonian Cichlids of only enough water to swim in, the chances are that they will mate. When the males want to breed they will chase the females around the tank.
Check the type of brooders you have in your tank -- mouth brooders or substrates. Mouth brooders keep their eggs in their mouth while substrate brooders like to lay their eggs on a flat surface such as a rock. When they are pregnant the colors of both fish will brighten and you may catch a glimpse of the eggs in a mouth brooder's mouth, but in general, from their physical appearance alone, it is difficult to know if either fish is pregnant. Behavior-wise, mouth brooders are unlikely to eat for the 21 days they have their eggs in their mouths and you may see substrate brooders cleaning a flat surface on which to lay their eggs.
Observe the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.65277
Retrieved Text: In November and December, the Chinook or King Salmon make their run into rivers along the Pacific Coast to spawn. Here, in Sacramento, they spawn in the American River. They lay their eggs in gravelly nests in shallow river beds. They need clean, cool, oxygenated, sediment-free fresh water for their eggs to develop. That means water that runs freely. Visiting Effie Yeaw Nature center yesterday, I got to watch some of the salmon preparing nests.They swam around in tight circles contorting their bodies and swishing their tail fins to clean any sediment from an area of river gravel. When they are done, the females will lay their eggs and the males will fertilize them. When finished spawning, both the males and females die. After the eggs hatch, those that survive mature for a few months then find their way to the ocean. If you walk along a river where salmon breed, look for an area where rocks are clean and shiny – it may be a salmon nest. They are usually about 6 feet by 2 feet.
I learned recently that prior to damming the American River,the salmon had a spawning ground of over 100 miles in the main river and tributaries. After the damming, it was reduced to 8 miles. To compensate, there is a fish hatchery just downstream from the Nimbus Dam. They open the fish ladders in November and December to capture salmon and spawn them. When the eggs hatch and grow to about 40 salmon per pound, they are released. They tag these

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.651558
Retrieved Text: With research and a bit of creative thinking, a New Zealand-based bioresearcher has created a novel pest repellent.
Bioresearcher and designer Vik Olliver has created a 3d model of a cabbage white butterfly as a non-toxic pest repellent. Olliver designed the model in after finding out that cabbage white butterfly females do not lay eggs near other cabbage white butterflies (or their look-a-likes).

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.610973
Retrieved Text: I’m deep in edits for my upcoming novel, Journey’s End, which will be out with Penguin Random House at the end of May. Taking regular walks is a must, to clear my head, and it’s always a treat for me to find an insect like this one during my wanderings – Ctenomorphodes chronus.
Phasmids (or stick insects) are remarkable animals. Even the name, Phasmid, has an evocative, romantic ring to it. They have been disguising themselves as walking leaves and twigs for 126 million years, even before the evolution of flowering plants. C. chronus has an uncanny resemblance to a gum tree twig and can grow up to 18 cm in length. The males are long and slender, have full wings and can fly. The females are larger but their small wings are not functional, except to flash at predators. Phasmids are harmless herbivores, eating gum and wattle leaves. They also eat blackberry leaves, and I sometimes find them doing a good job feeding on clumps of this invasive weed. They often rock back and forth, as if swaying in the breeze.
Fossil discoveries from modern-day Mongolia mark some of the earliest examples of twig-mimicking insects. Evolution quickly produced disguises for bugs, with the arrival of the earliest birds and mammals, which visually preyed upon insects during the age of dinosaurs. This is more tantalizing evidence of early insect-plant co evolution. These ancient phasmids were about 7 cm long from tail to antenna tip. They had parallel black lines running along their wings, which at rest would have

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.60545
Retrieved Text: NATURE host Chris Morgan searches for a fish called the ocellated wrasse (Symphodus ocellatus) off the coast of Corsica. The male of the species builds, maintains and guards a nest made of seaweed, in which females lay their eggs. Chris was filming the wrasse for the upcoming NATURE mini-series Animal Homes premiering April 8, 2015 at 8/7c on PBS. Check local listings.
Where will he turn up next?
Previous Post Attacked by Leafcutter Ant!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.555376
Retrieved Text: These calm and cold-hardy birds can be seen at Connecticut’s Beardsley Zoo’s New England Farmyard area. The Plymouth Rock Barred Rock is a Heritage Breed and although not a strong flier compared to most birds, is capable of limited flight (especially younger, lighter birds).
DESCRIPTION: Plymouth Rock Barred Chickens have a bright red single comb, face, wattles and earlobes. The comb of this breed has five evenly serrated points. The points in the front and rear are shorter than those in the middle.
Feathers that appear in sharply defined parallel lines of black and white cover them. The pattern is similar to one found in rocks, which is how they got their name. This is also why they are sometimes called “Barred Rock Chickens”.
They have yellow legs and feet and four toes on each foot. Their beaks are also yellow at the tip. They have a long, broad back and a moderately deep, full breast. Females, called hens, can weigh up to 7 ½ pounds while the males, called roosters or cockerels, weigh up to 9 ½ pounds. They can be up to 34 inches long. Young females that are fully feathered but less than one year old are called pullets.
Plymouth Rock Barred Chickens are known to be excellent foragers.
RANGE: The Plymouth Rock Barred Chicken is very hardy in cold climates so it is a favorite of northern farms but they are able to live in any climate.
​HABITAT: They are domestic creatures that live wherever humans live. They enjoy having a free-range lifestyle but also are very content

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.552158
Retrieved Text: These toads are small and round with grey-green skin and pale bellies. They have big yellow eyes with a bump between them and small bumps all over their skin. The big toe on each back foot has a “spade,” a small black piece that used for digging.
In B.C., spadefoot toads are found in the southern interior; they’re also found throughout Oregon and Washington. They like dry areas, especially grasslands, but they also need water in which to lay their eggs.
They eat insects and worms. During the day, these toads burrow into the soil to keep themselves moist, but at night or on a rainy day, they come out to feed.
The males start calling at ponds in early spring and the females join them to lay hundreds of eggs attached to sticks and rocks in the ponds. The eggs hatch quickly, from a couple days to a week, and the tadpoles grow into toads in roughly two months. The toads dig holes in the soil to hibernate in the winter. Many animals prey on great basin spadefoots, including owls, snakes and coyotes. They are threatened by habitat loss from development in and near the grasslands, woodlands and ponds where they live.

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what females nest in a burrow and wait for the hatching?" and the following answer choices: 
- ostrich
 - burrowing rabbits
 - loose soil
 - insects
 - warm-blooded
 - honeybees
 - rooster
 - platypus

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and when the eggs hatch, the hen leaves the nest site, choose the best answer.

Target Text: platypus

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.818386
Retrieved Text: This dark-bodied puffin is common along the northern Pacific Coast, nesting on islands offshore, where it may be seen sitting on rocks in an upright posture. Although it flies strongly, it must work hard to take off from the water, thrashing along the surface before becoming airborne. The colorful tufts of feathers on the head are present mostly in summer.
Disappeared from former nesting sites off southern California decades ago; numbers nesting off northern California much lower than historical levels. Farther north, some island populations probably reduced by introduced foxes or rats. Still, Alaska population estimated at over 1 million pairs in late 1970s.
Ocean, nesting colonially in burrows on sea cliffs. Ranges widely at sea, from fairly near shore to far out of sight of land. Even during breeding season, may be at sea far from nesting colonies. Nests on islands, primarily on grassy steep slopes or cliff tops (steep dropoff may help birds take flight). Throughout range, prefers treeless islands.
Forages by diving and swimming underwater, using wings to "fly" through the depths, with tail spread and feet back to aid with steering. Swims rapidly through schools of small fish, catching them in bill.
one. Dull white to bluish-white, often spotted with gray and brown. Incubation is by both sexes, about 40-42 days. Young: both parents feed nestling, carrying fish in bill and dropping them on ground in nest or near entrance. Tufted Puffin may forage farther from colony than Horned Puffin, and sometimes 1-2 days pass between feeding visits to nest. Young leave nest about 6-7 weeks

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.307487
Retrieved Text: "Precocial" and "altricial," two words describing the degree of development in young birds at hatching, are good examples of useful scientific jargon. They save ornithologists from repeatedly using phrases when single words will do. A precocial bird is "capable of moving around on its own soon after hatching." The word comes from the same Latin root as "precocious." Altricial means "incapable of moving around on its own soon after hatchling." It comes from a Latin root meaning "to nourish" a reference to the need for extensive parental care required before fledging in altricial species. If you consult some of the literature we have cited, you may sometimes see the term "nidifugous" used to describe precocial young that leave the nest immediately, and "nidicolous" to describe young that remain in the nest. All nidifugous birds are precocial, but some nidicolous birds are precocial, too-they remain in the nest even though capable of locomotion. These terms are less widely used than precocial and altricial, and we will not employ them outside of this essay.
Precocial Hatched with eyes open, covered with down, and leave the nest within two days. There are four levels of precociality, although only three are found in North American birds. Level 1 of development (precocial 1) is the pattern found in the chicks of megapodes (Australian Malee fowl, Brush Turkeys, etc.), which are totally independent of their parents. The megapode young are incubated in huge piles of decaying vegetation, and upon hatching dig their way out, already well feathered and able to fly. No North

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.143635
Retrieved Text: One of the "winter finches," nesting in the Arctic and sometimes invading southern Canada and the northern states. Redpolls are tiny, restless birds, feeding actively on seeds among trees and weeds, fluttering and climbing about acrobatically, their flocks seemingly always on the move. For their small size, they have a remarkable ability to survive cold temperatures; their southward flights are sparked by temporary scarcity of food in the North, not by cold. At bird feeders in winter, redpolls are often remarkably tame.
Birches, thickets, tundra scrub. In winter, weeds, brush. Breeds in shrubby habitats of the North, including clearings in birch or spruce forest, thickets of willow, alder, or dwarf birch, bushy areas on tundra. Winters in various kinds of semi-open country, including woodland edges and brushy or weedy fields.
4-5, rarely up to 7. Pale green to blue-green, with purplish to reddish brown spots often concentrated at larger end. Incubation is by female only, about 10-11 days. Male feeds female during incubation. Young: Fed mostly by female; contribution by male varies. Young leave the nest about 12 days after hatching.
Fed mostly by female; contribution by male varies. Young leave the nest about 12 days after hatching.
Males dominate females in winter flocks, but as breeding season approaches, females become dominant and may take the lead in courtship. Does not seem to defend much of a nesting territory; nests of different pairs may be close together. Nest: Usually very well hidden in dense low shrubs, within a few feet of the ground, sometimes in grass clumps or under brushpiles.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.07822
Retrieved Text: American Dippers build nests on cliff ledges, behind waterfalls, on boulders, and on dirt banks or under bridges, but always above or close to the fast water of their stream habitat. Females choose a ledge or crevice that is 6-20 feet above deep water so that the nest will not be in danger of predators or flooding.
Males and females may work together to build the ball-like nest, often in freezing temperatures. Materials are dipped into water before being weaved into two layers: one, an outer shell, 8-10 inches in diameter, made of moss, and the other an inner chamber with a woven cup, 2-3 inches in diameter, made of grass, leaves, and bark. Once the nest is finished, the mossy shell absorbs moisture and the coarse grass keeps the inside dry.
Condition at Hatching: Helpless with only sparse down.
Wilson, Mary F. and Hugh E. Kingery. 2011. American Dipper (Cinclus mexicanus), version 2.0. In The Birds of North America (P. G. Rodewald, editor). Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, New York, USA.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.89909
Retrieved Text: Nests are in forks of the outer branches of conifers such as pines, larches, junipers, spruces, and firs near seed stores from the previous fall. They are built on the leeward side of trees for shelter from the wind, and they are often poorly concealed. It’s not known how males or females contribute toward choosing nest sites.
Males and females both gather nest material and build the nest in 5–8 days. They bring twigs of Douglas-fir, juniper, or incense cedar to the nest at a rate of one twig every 3–4 minutes, sometimes collecting material from 500 yards or more from the nest. While the male stands lookout on a perch, the female weaves twigs into a platform 8–13 inches across, secured to small branches on a supporting limb. She makes a cup of rotten wood pulp about 4 inches across and 3 inches deep, and lines it with dried grass, fine strips of bark, moss, or animal hair, with a layer of mineral soil on the floor.
Egg Description: Pale greenish flecked with brown, olive, or gray.
Condition at Hatching: Helpless, with sparse white down and closed eyes. The insides of the bill are salmon red.
Tomback, Diana F. 1998. Clark's Nutcracker (Nucifraga columbiana), version 2.0. In The Birds of North America (P. G. Rodewald, editor). Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, New York, USA.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.872534
Retrieved Text: The Mountain Chicken is the largest of all living Leptodactylus species, and is one of the largest of all living frog species. It can reach a head and body length of over 20 cm, weigh over 900 g and live for up to 12 years. They have powerful hind legs, hence, their popularity as a traditional Caribbean dish and their common name of ‘mountain chicken.’ The frogs have striking patterns of dark bars and blotches which effectively camouflages them against the forest floor when they’re not hiding in burrows or rock crevices. Males are extremely territorial and have wrestling contests to seize and defend territories.
Mountain chickens are the top endemic predator on Montserrat and are one of only two native frog species. They are most active after dusk when they hunt for insects, land snails, spiders, and even snakes. This is the time they also search for mates in the breeding season.
Mountain chickens have an unusual breeding system with a high degree of maternal care. Females will produce a foam nest at the bottom of a male’s burrow into which her eggs are laid. The tadpoles develop within the foam nest as the male and female guard and defend the nest against intruders.
A mother will feed her tadpoles her own unfertilised eggs to enable them to grow (tadpoles reach an incredible 150 mm in length). Once individuals metamorphose and leave the parental nest, they receive no more care from either parent. In captivity, females have only been seen to produce one fertile nest of around 25-63

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.365889
Retrieved Text: If you think our Birdorable birds are cute as adults, what about when they are babies? Below are some baby photos (shared via Flickr Creative Commons) of the American Flamingo and Greater Flamingo.
The six species of flamingo have similar nesting habits. They all breed in colonies. Mating rituals involve synchronized dancing. The nest is a pillar or mound of mud. A single chalky-white egg is laid per nesting attempt. Chicks, grey when first hatched, are fed a protein- and fat-rich diet of crop milk by both parents. Baby flamingos leave the nest around 7-12 days after hatching. Young birds gather in a group, called a creche, to evade predation as they grow.
Flamingos do well in captivity and breed if colony conditions are favorable, which include number of birds of breeding age and ratio of males to females. All of the example baby flamingo photos shared below were taken in zoological parks.
1 comment on "Baby Birdorable: Flamingo Week Edition"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.975006
Retrieved Text: 2017 Turtle Nesting Season Has Started!The first sea turtle nests of the 2017 nesting season have been laid!
You are here: Home / News / 2017 Turtle Nesting Season Has Started!
Sea Turtle Conservation Bonaire (STCB) is excited to share that the first sea turtle nests of the 2017 turtle nesting season have been laid! This year’s nesting season started on King Willem-Alexander’s birthday, when the first loggerhead nest was laid on Klein Bonaire.
During the nesting season, which normally runs from April to January, STCB staff and trained volunteers patrol the beaches most used by turtles, recording signs of nesting and hatching, as well as monitoring the safety status of nests. The organization also invites Bonaire residents and tourists to join a sea turtle nest monitoring patrol on Klein Bonaire. STCB’s Project Coordinator Dr. Sue Willis: ‘’We will take you in our boat to Klein Bonaire. There you will be walking along the 2 kilometer beach with STCB’s turtle experts looking for turtle tracks, both from adult females coming on shore to lay their nests and also from newly hatched sea turtles.’’ STCB organizes nest monitoring patrols on Klein Bonaire every Monday, Wednesday and Friday morning.
Local companies can also help STCB protect the sea turtle nests that are laid on Bonaire’s beaches by adopting a nest. Companies can Adopt-A-Nest, and thereby link their brand to the protection of Bonaire’s most iconic wildlife, by donating $600. The money raised through Adopt-A-Nest helps STCB to relocate nests that are in danger of drowning, to rescue newborn turtles that become wrapped

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.884344
Retrieved Text: The Wild Turkey is the largest bird nesting in Tennessee. This large bodied, big footed species only flies short distances, but roosts in trees at night. The historic range of the Wild Turkey extended from southern Canada throughout the United States to central Mexico. It was a very important food animal to Native Americans and early settlers, but by the early 1900s over-hunting eliminated this species from most of its range, including much of Tennessee. Modern wildlife management has reestablished this bird throughout its historic range and into 49 of the 50 United States.
Description: The Wild Turkey is a large, dark ground-dwelling bird. Males are larger than females. In late winter and spring when the male is courting females, he has a white forehead, bright blue face, and scarlet neck. All males and some females have a tuft of feathers on the chest called a beard.
Length: Male 46", Female 37"
Wingspan: Male 64", Female 50"
Weight: Male 16.2 lbs., Female 9.2 lbs.
Voice: Male makes a fast descending gobble and females make a loud, sharp tuk, similar to a chipmunk.
Domestic turkeys can look similar, but have a white tip to the tail (see Fun Facts below).
Habitat: Mature woodlands with scattered openings or fields.
Diet: Acorns, nuts, seeds, fruits, insects, buds, fern fronds, salamanders.
Nesting and reproduction: Dominant males establish territories starting in late winter and attract females by gobbling. When the female appears, he puffs up his body feathers, and struts around her with his tail spread and wingtips dragging on the ground. Dominant males will mate with several females in

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.585047
Retrieved Text: A rare and enigmatic bird. It was discovered wintering on South Pacific islands in 1769, but its nesting grounds were not found until almost 180 years later -- in the late 1940s. It is now known to nest in a few hilly areas of western Alaska. During the winter, molting its feathers, it is unable to fly for a time -- the only shorebird known to have a flightless molt. This is no problem on remote islands with no predators, but becomes a serious handicap when humans settle on those islands.
Rare, population probably well under 10,000. Most threats are on wintering range, where the curlews are very vulnerable during the flightless stage of their molt. Sea level rise, driven by climate change, is likely to reduce the available wintering habitat.
Tundra (Alaska); reefs and beaches in winter. Nests at a few sites in western Alaska, well inland in steep hilly country, on open tundra with scattered small shrubs. Winters on islands in tropical Pacific, on beaches, coral reefs, mudflats, grassy fields.
Forages mostly by walking on ground, picking up items from surface, probably also probing in soil or mud with long bill. In feeding on thick-shelled eggs of albatrosses on winter range, may pick up a piece of rock and use it to crack the shell, a rare case of tool-using by a bird.
Usually 4. Olive-buff, blotched with brown. Incubation is by both sexes, roughly 25 days. Young: Downy young leave nest soon after hatching, are tended by both parents. Young feed themselves. Adults are very aggressive in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.639961
Retrieved Text: Burrowing Owls - There are more of these cute little birds in Cape Coral than any other location in the world!
Known as the official bird of Cape Coral, the owls live in 8' tunnels in the ground, called burrows.
If you've driven around the Cape, you may have seen their nests in empty lots or center islands on the various boulevards around town.
The nests are usually identified by 4 white stakes surrounding a perch.
Many out-of-towners have mistaken the posts for the markings of traffic fatalities. Thankfully, that's not the case, otherwise, we might be considered the worst drivers in the world!
The Cape Coral owls, which are about 10" high and the size of a robin, like to nest in open sandy fields with some grass and weeds for shade, and protection from the heat.
The perches serve 2 purposes, the owls like to be elevated , and the burrows are more visible to lawn mowers.
Once you put lawn grass down in your yard, owls will not be able to dig a burrow, since the grass is too coarse.
Nesting season lasts from March - May, during dry season when flooding of the burrows is not a problem.
Before egg-laying starts, adult owls decorate their burrows with cigarette butts, animal dung, paper, and any other debris they can find to scare away predators such as snakes, skunks, opossums, and pets.
Females lay up to 8 eggs and incubate their eggs for 28 days. About 4-6 of the eggs hatch, and 3 will survive. The chicks remain in the burrow for another 2

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.128986
Retrieved Text: Velvet ants “aka- cow killers” are very colorful, red and fuzzy. They are rather large in size! They aren’t actually ants but a wasp.The males have small wings that does not allow them to fly around and hunt. The females do not have wings which is what makes them look so much like an ant. The reason thy are referred to as “cow killers” is because their sting is said to be strong enough to do just that, kill a cow! However, this is just a myth, the sting just hurts really bad! Their sting can leave you in excruciating pain for about 30 minutes! A sting from a velvet ant is one of the most intense and painful out there. Their sting does not do any permanent damage nor is it life threatening.
These ants have been known to live alone as well as feed on ground dwelling bees and wasps. They have also been seen carrying grasshoppers, beetles and spiders into their home. This actually helps lower some of the population of nasty swarms of stingers. They will burrow into their nest and lay their eggs and eat the host larvae when it hatches, as well as any food the host delivers for the young. If you see a velvet ant, there is most likely an underground wasp or bee nest close by. The adults become more active in late summer and you will continue to start seeing more towards the end of August.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.952318
Retrieved Text: The female chooses the nest site, typically in a depression or niche on sloping ground, rock face, or amid the tangled roots of an upturned tree. Around people, juncos may nest in or underneath buildings. Occasionally, juncos nest above the ground on horizontal branches (rarely as high as 45 feet), window ledges, and in hanging flower pots or light fixtures.
Females build the nests, using her beak to weave together materials and her body to give the nest its shape. Nests can be quite variable depending on where they are built. Sometimes ground nests get just a fine lining of grasses or pine needles. Other nests may be built on a foundation of twigs, leaves and moss, then lined with grasses, ferns, rootlets, hair, and fine pieces of moss. The nests usually take 3-7 days to build, and when finished they are 3-5.5 inches across, with an inner diameter of 2.4-2.8 inches and depth of 1.6-2.8 inches. It’s rare for a junco to reuse a nest.
Egg Description: White, gray, pale bluish white, or pale-greenish white speckled with brown, gray and green. Occasionally unmarked.
Condition at Hatching: Naked except for dark gray down on the back, eyes closed, clumsy.
Nolan Jr., V., E. D. Ketterson, D. A. Cristol, C. M. Rogers, E. D. Clotfelter, R. C. Titus, S. J. Schoech and E. Snajdr. 2002. Dark-eyed Junco (Junco hyemalis), version 2.0. In The Birds of North America (P. G. Rodewald, editor). Cornell Lab of Ornithology, Ithaca, New York, USA.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.837193
Retrieved Text: Summary: Leatherback sea turtles (Dermochelys coriacea) have the lowest development and emergence success of any sea turtle species. In fact, Atlantic populations have an average nest success of only 40%. During 2005 and 2006, we found that straggler and post-hatchling leatherback sea turtles often became infected with opportunistic bacterial organisms while still in the nest and succumbed to systemic infection. Histological examination of the turtles that died revealed concurrent cardiac changes that may have been due to systemic infection but also were reminiscent of changes seen in neonates of other species born to mothers deficient in selenium. Given the increasing concern regarding mercury levels in our oceans and the fact that the body uses selenium to detoxify mercury, our concern is that nesting leatherbacks may potentially be selenium deficient. Therefore, our objective is to measure blood mercury and selenium in leatherback sea turtles to attempt to rule-out selenium deficiency as a negative factor for turtle hatching and emergence from the nest. We further plan to document protein electrophoretic, hematological and biochemical profiles of the nesting females. These latter data will aid in establishing reference ranges in clinically normal adult female leatherbacks for use by diagnosticians and conservation biologists. All data will be made available publicly through peer-reviewed publications, permit reports, and web site posting.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.805214
Retrieved Text: Is this pair of birds actually a “couple”?
Yes. Birds do actually pair up each mating season, if not for life. And the male better be prepared to treat his female properly. There is actually an elaborate process in which the female chooses her mate.
Reproduction in birds may be quite complicated and lengthy. Birds reproduce sexually and have separate sexes and internal fertilization, so males and females must mate for fertilization to occur. Mating is generally preceded by courtship. In most species, parents also take care of their eggs and hatchlings.
Courtship is behavior that is intended to attract a mate. It may involve singing specific courtship songs or putting on some type of visual display. For example, a bird may spread out and display its tail feathers or do a ritualized mating “dance.” Typically, males perform the courtship behavior, and females choose a mate from among competing males.
During mating, a male bird presses his cloaca against his mate’s cloaca and passes sperm from his cloaca to hers. After fertilization, eggs pass out of the female’s body, exiting through the opening in the cloaca.
Eggs are usually laid in a nest. The nest may be little more than a small depression in the ground, or it may be very elaborate, like the weaver bird nest in Figure below. Eggs that are laid on the ground may be camouflaged to look like their surroundings (also shown in Figure below). Otherwise, eggs are usually white or pastel colors such as pale blue or pink.
Variation in Bird Nests. A weaver bird uses

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.734804
Retrieved Text: Tufted puffins are known as the “parrots of the sea” because of their distinctive and bright coloring during the summer breeding season. Keep reading to see how they change in the winter!
Tufted puffins are alcids—diving birds that make their homes in the Northern Hemisphere. Like all alcids, they appear to “fly” underwater while diving for small, schooling prey such as silversides, herring, krill, squid, crabs and shrimp. Puffins can dive to depths of up to 100 feet and remain underwater for up to two minutes while searching for food. When bringing food back to the nest for their chicks, puffins can capture and hold anywhere from five to 20 small fish crosswise in their bills! If puffins are hunting only for themselves, they consume their meals while still underwater.
Tufted puffins tend to be monogamous and often form lifetime partnerships after they begin breeding at approximately three years of age. Pairs form during courtship displays. Males and females return to the same burrow each year (sometimes after spending the winter at sea together) and prepare their home for the arrival of a chick by cleaning and lengthening it. Females usually lay just one egg, which both parents take turns incubating until the chick hatches about six weeks later. Chicks remain in the burrow for about six weeks, then “fly the coop” and begin to live independently.
Tufted puffins are pelagic, which means they spend their winters living on the open ocean and return to shore for the breeding season. When on shore, tufted puffins live along rocky coastlines

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.584982
Retrieved Text: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Adapted with permission.
The diamondback terrapin (Malaclemys terrapin)is the only North American turtle fully adapted to life in brackish water (mix of saltwater and freshwater). Its home is in coastal salt marshes of estuaries along the Atlantic and Gulf coasts of the United States. Although they can live 40 years or more, most turtles do not make it to their first birthday, because they are prey for foxes, otters, raccoons, skunks, and birds. If they do survive, females begin to reproduce relatively late—between the ages of eight and 13.
This combination (high rates of death for young turtles and long wait until females reproduce) reduces the terrapin population’s ability to increase quickly. Other factors that reduce the terrapin’s survival rates include sea level rise and land subsidence, combined with human dwellings and roadways along the shoreline, and sea walls and other structures built to protect them. These factors contribute to the loss of tidal marsh habitat and the safe haven they provide for nesting and reproduction.
In the bottom of each box, work in teams to shape the clay to model a landscape similar to the diamondback terrapin’s habitat: a very gradual slope (long and nearly flat) from a sand dune down to a beach, then a gentle slope that will be under water.
To create a model of what the terrapins’ habitat looked like before people came, put about 2 cm of water in the low part of the clay landscape to create the estuarine bay. Use grass clippings to represent a marsh area along

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.520174
Retrieved Text: On fall weekends in the northeast, birders sometimes hope (but never expect) to find a Wheatear. This small chat enters the North American arctic from both directions, via both Greenland and Alaska, but almost all go back to the Old World in winter; only the occasional straggler appears south of Canada. Northern Wheatears can be found in summer on rocky tundra, where they are inconspicuous until they fly, flashing their tail pattern. In the Old World there are almost 20 species of wheatears, most of them in desert regions.
North American population probably stable; may be increasing as a breeder in northeastern Canada.
In summer, rocky tundra, barren slopes. Breeds on dry northern tundra with many exposed rocks and boulders, especially where these are near mats of dwarf shrubs a few inches high. Migrants may be seen on any kind of open ground, including vacant lots, barren fields, coastal meadows. In Eurasia, very widespread in open country.
Forages mostly on the ground, running short distances and then stopping to pick up items. May run and flutter in pursuit of active insects. Also often watches from a perch a couple of feet up, then flies down take item on ground. Sometimes flies out to catch insects in mid-air.
5-6, sometimes 3-8. Pale blue, either unmarked or with fine reddish brown dots at larger end. Incubation is mostly or entirely by female, about 13-14 days. Young: Both parents feed nestlings, but female may do more. Young leave nest about 15 days after hatching. Probably 1 brood per year.
Both parents feed nestlings, but

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.378944
Retrieved Text: How to pad a rabbit nest box?
My doe is 29 days prego and has formed a nest, but hasn't pulled any fur yet. This is her first litter, and I'm concerned she won't pull any. I was wondering if there is anything I can put in her nest to compensate?
I used pine shavings and hay, but she threw out most of the pine and built the nest from the hay, so there is some padding, but not a lot of softness and I'm worried about the cold.
I may end up having to bring her inside otherwise but I REALLY don't want to move her to a new cage she doesn't recognize. And since I won't know if she is gonna pull till the kits are here, I would be moving the nest box too, and that may not go well. Advice?
The doe will pull her fur when she does her kindling, if not just before.
I wouldn't think the doe purposefully "threw out" the shavings. She was just doing her building thing, which instinct tells her is in a burrow, and she wouldn't be losing shavings if she were scooping out a rounded space in a burrow.
What you can do is replenish the shavings, replicating the shape of the "burrow," and being reasonably careful to not greatly disrupt her hard work with the hay.
On the other hand, when some of our own does have done the same thing, and if the kindling date was still a couple days away, I have dumped more shavings and hay in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.33308
Retrieved Text: The lesser scaup winters in the pacific northwest in great Numbers and can be seen almost everywhere. This bird is a diving duck slightly smaller than a ring neck duck and has a bluish gray bill with a small black tip, and a crown that is peaked at the rear. Males have white flanks, gray upper parts and a purplish black head. Females have brownish flanks and upper parts, a brown head, and a white patch at the base of the bill. Males in non breeding plumage are similar but browner. The immature lesser scaup is similar to the adult female.
Lesser scaup prefere lakes, marshes, and estuaries. They primarily eat mollusks, insects, and plant material. They dive in shallow water to forage or dabbles in shallow water. Lesser scaup occur throughout most of North America, we have many that winter here.
These ducks do not breed until the age of two, breeding starts in late May and runs through June. The nests are generally located on dry land but close to water, they will look for areas with water and plenty of bull rushes. Insects lay eggs on the bull rushes providing plenty of feed. The female builds the nest, it is a shallow depression in the ground lined with grass and down. She will lay up to 10 eggs and incubate them for up to 27 days. The male leaves when incubation begins. The young leave the nest within 24 hours of hatching and head to the water, the mother will protect them, but they must

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.227186
Retrieved Text: These bees defend their colony and attack when threatened. Africanized bees have small colonies, so they can build nests in unique places. They have been known to live in tires, crates, boxes, and empty cars. Their venom is no more dangerous than regular honeybees-they just tend to attack in greater numbers, which causes more danger to humans.
The baldfaced hornet is a large, black and white insect. Their oval-shaped nests are often quite large and are usually found attached to limbs of trees.
Baldfaced Hornets construct nests that are of the same paper-like material as that of other wasps (yellowjackets). However, these nests differ a great deal from other wasp nests in being enclosed in a thick “paper” envelope. There is a single opening at the lower end of the nest whichis always guarded by a few hornets. Nests are abandoned at the end of the season.
Hornets are beneficial; they prey upon flies and caterpillars. Unfortunately they can be a potential health hazard to people allergic to their stings.
Hornet nests in trees, lawns, or buildings away from the normal activity of people should not be considered dangerous-and should not be removed. Removing a nest is not easy and is always dangerous. Here are some suggestions: work at night (when the temperature is low and it is fully dark); use a red light to see (hornets cannot see red light very well); use material known as (or similar to) “wasp freeze”; and, do not use gasoline.
Cicada Killers are a large wasp with a rusty red head and thorax, russet

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.129848
Retrieved Text: What is a mantis shrimp? Mantis shrimps are crustaceans, like crabs, rock lobsters and other shrimps. They are the only animals to have hyperspectral colour vision and are considered to have the most complex eyes in the animal kingdom. They can see ultraviolet, visible and infra-red light and different planes of polarized light. The shape of their eyes allows them to see things with three different parts of the eye at once.
What do they look like? Many different species of mantis shrimps live in Australian waters. Most of them are less that 15 centimetres long, but some species reach more than 30 centimetres and would appear quite fearsome to a fish! While many are pale blue, green or brown in colour, several tropical species have beautiful colours and patterns, like the one in the movie. Mantis shrimps have eight pairs of legs (the first five pairs are equipped with claws) plus modified legs known as pleopods on their abdomen which are used for swimming. The eyes and the first pair of antennae are attached to separate movable segments on the head.
Where do they live? Mantis shrimps are usually found in shallow, intertidal areas, burrowing into sand or sheltering in rock or coral crevices Australia-wide.
What they eat and how: They are aggressive predators and feed mainly on small fish, other crustaceans and molluscs. They use their large second pair of legs to catch prey. Depending on the species of mantis shrimp, this pair of legs is either equipped with spined claws that are used like spears or

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.032433
Retrieved Text: We've gotten many requests from people for more info on mason bee care. While we don't currently have live stream capabilities for sharing our in-person workshops, we can write how-to's! If you are local to Squamish or the Lower Mainland, stay tuned for more workshop dates in the spring and fall. We hope this post is helpful for keeping your mason bees happy and healthy!
Mason bees are a group of bees in the Osmia genus. There are 140 species in North America, about 60 in BC! They are solitary, meaning that they don't live in a colony with other bees (unlike honey bees which live in colonies of 50-100,000 individuals). Instead, the male and female mason bees live and work alone, except for mating. (See lifecycle diagram below.) Mason bee females may nest together in mason bee homes we provide them, but they don't really interact with each other.
Mason bees are easy to miss- they look a lot like houseflies! They are usually dark and metallic blue/green around here, although they have longer bodies than houseflies and more distinct body segments (head, thorax, abdomen). Their bums are more rounded or "bullet-shaped" than other solitary bees that may look similar. A tip for telling flies apart from bees is flies have big bulgy eyes on the tops of their heads, while bee eyes are smaller and on the side of head (not counting honey bee drones). Flies have 2 wings, bees have 4. Another mason bee characteristic is they are only around in the spring- approximately from

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.950443
Retrieved Text: The Bank Swallow (Riparia riparia) is North America’s smallest swallow. It can be distinguish from the Northern Rough-winged Swallow by its dark breast band and the white of the throat curling up behind its ear. Click on photos for full sized images.
The recently released 2014 State of the Birds Report lists the Bank Swallow as one of the common birds in steep decline. The report identifies 33 species that do not meet the Watch List criteria but are declining rapidly in many areas. These birds have lost more than half their global population, and the 33 species combined have lost hundreds of millions of breeding individuals in just the past 40 years.
The Bank Swallow was listed as a threatened species in California in 1989 by the California Fish and Game Commission and the number of breeding pairs has declined steadily since then.
The main reason for this rapid decline, as in the case of most species, is loss of habitat. In California, much of the Bank Swallow’s nesting habitat in the southern and central areas has been eliminated by flood and erosion-control projects. These projects destroy or alter nesting habitat when banks are sloped to 45° and large rocks (riprap) are placed on the slope.
Historically, all Bank Swallow colonies in North America were found in natural sites such as banks along rivers, streams, lakes, and coasts; today, many colonies are in human-made sites like sand and gravel pits and road cuts.
This colony in Fall River Mills, about an hours drive from my home, is just down river

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.948586
Retrieved Text: One day I was out walking on my lunch hour, and as usual, I had my camera with me. Casing out the ground as I walked, I noticed something crawling around in the dirt, climbing in and out of small holes. At first, because of the coloring, I thought I had found a spider wasp. This thread-waisted wasp, however, turned out to be what is sometimes called a “Sand Lover” wasp. Instead of hunting spiders to feed to her young, she hunts and paralyzes caterpillars.
Ammophia originates from the Greek words ammos – sand, and phillia – lover. This Sand Lover is as gentle as a solitary wasp can be; she rarely stings and lacks the potent venom of social wasps such as yellow jackets or paper wasps. The Sand Lover is better known as “Digger Wasp” because of the way she excavates to make her underground nest.
Sand Digger Wasp near the entrance of her burrow.
After mating, female Sand Wasps work alone to construct their entire nest and do all of the foraging needed to feed their young. Sand Lovers dig tunnels in soil or sand, up to 24 inches deep, forming underground chambers to lay their eggs and provision the larvae with food.
Unlike Mud Dauber females who hunt for spiders, Sand Digger wasps prey upon caterpillars, sometimes twice their size! After creating a burrow, the female Digger wasp searches for a pebble large enough to cover the entrance to her nest. She then sets out on a hunt for caterpillars. The mother wasp is able to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.934107
Retrieved Text: Largemouth Bass will reproduce at three years of age. Stocking forage fish such as Fathead Minnows or Bluegill Sunfish optimizes growth. In northern waters, they can reach 7-9 pounds but will usually average 2-4 pounds in ponds. Spawning begins in mid May or when pond temperatures reach 62-65 degrees F. Males prepare the nest in preparation for spawning which consists of a 1-2 foot diameter circular area in 2-3 feet of water. One or more females will deposit several thousand eggs and hatching occurs 8-10 days later. Males will protect the fry for about 2 weeks after which time they will begin to feed on them. About 1 in 1,000 will reach adulthood in natural conditions. When 2 inches in length, fry will begin disperse, therefore stocking at or above this size greatly increases survival rates. Bass feed on fish, insects, worms, frogs, and crayfish and will strike artificial bait. If trained early on, they may also eat commercial fish feed.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.865845
Retrieved Text: Shedd Aquarium is home to 30 raucous, robust, riveting penguins in the Polar Play Zone habitat on the lower level of the Abbott Oceanarium.
You don’t have to look too closely to notice that two species inhabit the re-created rocky shoreline habitat that serves both well: the rockhoppers (Eudyptes chrysocome), which are native to subantarctic islands in the South Atlantic, Indian and South Pacific Oceans, and the larger Magellanics (Spheniscus magellanicus), found along the rugged coasts of southern South America.
Spring, when the breeding season is in full swing, is a great time to visit and get better acquainted with the two colonies as well as with a few individuals in each.
Shedd has had rockhopper penguins since the Oceanarium opened in 1991. In fact, three of the original birds are still here: Wellington (shown above), Drake and Magdalena. At 30 (Wellington is the oldest by a few days), they are among the most senior penguins in U.S. zoos and aquariums, benefiting from lifelong excellent care and advances in veterinary geriatric medicine.
Rockhoppers were named for their unique mode of locomotion. Unlike other penguin species, these 1½-foot-tall birds hop—almost bounce—from place to place, a useful adaptation to the rocky terrain of their windswept islands.
Rockhoppers are also rock nesters. Each March, before breeding season, our penguin experts place a big pile of small river rocks in the center of the penguin habitat. Then they stand back and watch the competition begin.
The males scramble for the choicest rocks with which to build their nests. A carefully arranged circle of stones keeps a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.854635
Retrieved Text: Yellow Warblers are bright yellow birds. Their upperparts have a slight greenish tinge, and their tails are greenish yellow. Their heads and faces are plain, without lines or streaks. Males have reddish streaks down their breasts and bellies. Females are also yellow, but not as bright as males, and they lack red streaks. Females and immatures show a fine, yellowish eye-ring. First-year birds are drab yellow-gray, with yellow undertail coverts.
Throughout their range, Yellow Warblers use a variety of brushy habitats on forest edges. In Washington, their breeding habitat is restricted to hardwood thickets near water, especially those with willow, alder, and cottonwood. They use similar habitat during migration, but can be found in more varied habitats also. In winter, they can be found in semi-open tropical habitats and are often associated with mangroves.
Yellow Warblers forage at various levels in the vegetation, although males generally forage higher than females. They glean prey from small limbs and foliage, but also fly out to catch prey in midair. They can be difficult to see because they generally inhabit dense vegetation, but during the breeding season, the males' distinctive song is a helpful way to locate them.
Insects, especially caterpillars, make up the Yellow Warbler's diet.
Yellow Warblers are primarily monogamous and form pair bonds soon after females arrive on the breeding grounds (about ten days behind males). The female builds the nest, often in an upright fork in a tree or shrub. The nest is made of bark and grass, and lined with plant down and hair. The male brings food

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.721674
Retrieved Text: Even though they have an intimidating tail to defend against predators, Honduran spiny-tailed iguanas are most likely to flee if a predator is nearby.
Given its position in the food chain and role as a seed disperser, Honduran spiny-tailed iguanas are considered a keystone species of the Motagua Valley.
People who live in the valley frequently eat the eggs and occasionally the meat of the iguana.
These lizards have a tail covered in spines that it uses to defend itself. Their bodies are slender with tan, brown, and black bands. Males have a large flap of skin under the chin, which is called a dewlap. A thin row of flat spines line the backs of both males and females. Honduran spiny-tailed iguanas are especially active during the day when temperatures are warm.
Found in dry forest and thorn scrub areas only within the Rio Motagua Valley in southeastern Guatemala at elevations up to almost 3,000 feet above sea level. Their shelters are typically the hollow trunks or branches of cactus and trees; they will use their spiny tails to block the entrance. Primarily herbivorous, Honduran spiny-tailed iguanas may occasionally catch small insects and animals. These iguanas are the main species that feed on the fruit of the Pitayo organ pipe cactus and help distribute the seeds across the forest.
These iguanas are semi-arboreal, meaning they spend some time up in trees, and rest in hollow trees or in crevices of rocks. Females leave the nest after laying eggs and exhibit no parental care. About 90 days after the eggs are laid,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.55669
Retrieved Text: Identification: Similar to Bauer's Giant-Skipper but postmedian spot row of orange-yellow spots on upper surface of forewing forms a straight row, and does not in Bauer's Giant-Skipper.
Wing Span: 2 - 2 1/2 inches (5.1-6.3 cm).
Life History: Adults have a noisy, fast flight. From early morning to noon males perch near host plants to wait for receptive females. Eggs are laid singly on the host and fall to the base of the plant. A young caterpillar crawls to a leaf tip and burrows inside where it eats pulp and then hibernates. In the spring the caterpillar makes a new burrow in a leaf base where it feeds on sap until becoming inactive for the summer. Before pupating, the caterpillar enlarges the opening of its burrow and makes a silk trap door from which the adult can emerge.
Flight: Late September to late November (1 flight).
Caterpillar Hosts: Agave deserti subspecies simplex.
Adult Food: Females never feed; males sip moisture from mud.
Habitat: Arid rocky desert mountains ranges.
Range: Southwestern Arizona west to southeastern California.
Conservation: Conserve and manage stands of required caterpillar host plant.
NCGR: G3G4 - Very rare or local throughout its range or found locally in a restricted range OR Apparently secure globally, though it might be quite rare in parts of its range, especially at the periphery. All subspecies are of conservation concern.
Management Needs: No specific needs reported.

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "Where do platypus females construct their homes for egg laying?" and the following answer choices: 
- loose dirt
 - out in the open
 - loose soil
 - Summer
 - rocky areas
 - autumn
 - soft soil
 - compacted soil

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and burrows are constructed in soft soil, choose the best answer.

Target Text: soft soil

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.22921
Retrieved Text: Cooperation between non-kin is a long-standing puzzle in evolutionary biology. Since cooperation typically involves some short-term fitness cost, it should be easily undermined by cheating and competition between group members. Our long-running research project in Panama focuses on the Greater Ani, a Neotropical cuckoo with an unusual breeding system. Whereas many cuckoos are specialized parasites which lay their eggs in the nests of other species, anis nest communally. Up to eight unrelated individuals construct a single nest in which all of the females lay their eggs, and all group members participate in incubation, defense, and food delivery to the shared clutch. However, reproductive competition within the group is intense: before laying her first egg, each female ejects any eggs that have already been laid in the communal nest. Each female stops ejecting eggs once she has laid her first egg, presumably to avoid accidentally removing her own. As a result, the first female to begin laying in the communal nest invariably loses at least one egg — sometimes several — whereas the last female to enter the laying sequence loses none. A main goal of this research is to quantify the reproductive costs and benefits to females of nesting communally.
Four unrelated Greater Anis (two males and two females) simultaneously arrive at their communal nest bearing food for the mixed clutch of nestlings. Adults cannot recognize their own eggs or nestlings, so parental care is provided indiscriminately to the shared brood. © 2016 Christina Riehl.
Striped Cuckoos parasitize white egg-laying hosts in South America and blue egg-laying hosts

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.78958
Retrieved Text: Duck-Billed Platypus - Das Australische Wasserschnabeltier. Fine art print.
A superb vintage illustration of two Duck-billed Platypus. The German name for the animal was "Das australische Wasserschnabeltier". Platypus and Echidna are the only are monotremes (order of egg-laying mammals). The four species of echidna, together with the platypus, are the only surviving members of that order. They live in Australia. The unusual appearance of this egg-laying, duck-billed, beaver-tailed, otter-footed mammal baffled European naturalists when they first encountered it, with some considering it an elaborate fraud. It is one of the few venomous mammals, the male platypus having a spur on the hind foot that delivers a venom capable of causing severe pain to humans. The unique features of the platypus make it an important subject in the study of evolutionary biology and a recognisable and iconic symbol of Australia.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.052563
Retrieved Text: Drosophila melanogaster egg-laying site selection offers a genetic model to study a simple form of value-based decision. We have previously shown that Drosophila females consistently reject a sucrose-containing substrate and choose a plain (sucrose-free) substrate for egg laying in our sucrose versus plain decision assay. However, either substrate is accepted when it is the sole option. Here we describe the neural mechanism that underlies females' sucrose rejection in our sucrose versus plain assay. First, we demonstrate that females explored the sucrose substrate frequently before most egg-laying events, suggesting that they actively suppress laying eggs on the sucrose substrate as opposed to avoiding visits to it. Second, we show that activating a specific subset of DA neurons triggered a preference for laying eggs on the sucrose substrate over the plain one, suggesting that activating these DA neurons can increase the value of the sucrose substrate for egg laying. Third, we demonstrate that neither ablating nor inhibiting the mushroom body (MB), a known Drosophila learning and decision center, affected females' egg-laying preferences in our sucrose versus plain assay, suggesting that MB does not mediate this specific decision-making task. We propose that the value of a sucrose substrate- as an egg-laying option-can be adjusted by the activities of a specific DA circuit. Once the sucrose substrate is determined to be the lesser valued option, females execute their decision to reject this inferior substrate not by stopping their visits to it, but by actively suppressing their egg-laying motor program during their visits.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.29817
Retrieved Text: Breeding/mating can take place at any time: upon emerging from hibernation, throughout the spring and summer months and well in to the fall. Typically, during the hottest part of the summer, little mating occurs because a) the females avoid it during egg laying season, and b) due to heat, the turtles aren't doing much of anything. They will, however, take advantage of cooler rainy days.
Egg laying here, however, ONLY takes place from late May to early July or so. Mine live outside year round and came from a construction site about 5 miles from here, so they do not have any unusual factors influencing their internal clocks.
The turtles reproductive system is such that females ovulate cyclically, and can store sperm for years (!!), which is why egg laying is not influenced by the timing of a mating.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.986927
Retrieved Text: January 21, 2008 By Heidi H Ledford This article courtesy of Nature News.
Did egg-laying mammals evolve more slowly than other mammals?
New evidence from 100-million-year-old jawbones found in Australia suggests that egg-laying mammals such as the platypus may have evolved more slowly than other mammals, researchers say.
Egg-laying mammals, called monotremes, are generally divided into two groups: the duck-billed, flat-footed platypuses, and the roly-poly, spiny anteaters called echidnas. Both are native to Australia.
Both are also poorly represented in the fossil record, so researchers wanting to trace the monotreme family tree have relied heavily on molecular data. By counting the number of differences in the sequence of a given gene or protein found in platypuses and echidnas, researchers can estimate how long ago the two groups split. The results have varied depending on which gene or protein was studied, and estimates have placed the split anywhere from 17 million to 80 million years ago.
But some researchers wondered whether an ancient creature called the Teinolophos, which lived in Australia more than 100 million years ago, might be an early platypus. If so, it would push the date of the split much farther back.
From examinations of Teinolophos skeletons, it was unclear whether the creature was a platypus or some general monotreme ancestor. So Timothy Rowe of the University of Texas in Austin and his colleagues put three of the skulls through high-resolution X-ray tomography scans to investigate.
The scans revealed an enlarged canal that runs through the jaw, the shape and size of which is indicative of platypuses but not echidnas. In

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.554287
Retrieved Text: The platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) is an egg-laying monotreme mammal whose ancestors diverged approximately 166 million years ago from the evolutionary pathway that eventually gave rise to both marsupial and eutherian mammals. Consequently, its genome is an extraordinary amalgam of both ancestral reptilian and derived mammalian features. To gain insight into the evolution of mammalian pluripotency we have generated induced pluripotent stem cells (piPSCs) from the platypus. Deep sequencing of the piPSC transcriptome revealed that piPSCs robustly express the core eutherian pluripotency factors OCT4, SOX2 and NANOG. Given the more extensive role of SOX3 over SOX2 in avian pluripotency, our data indicate that between 315 million years and 166 million years ago primitive mammals replaced the role of SOX3 in the vertebrate pluripotency network with SOX2. DAX1/NR0B1 is not expressed in piPSCs and an analysis of the platypus DAX1 promoter revealed the absence of a proximal SOX2-binding DNA motif known to be critical for DAX1 expression in eutherian pluripotent stem cells, suggesting that the acquisition of SOX2 responsiveness by DAX1 has facilitated its recruitment into the pluripotency network of eutherians. Using the RNAseq data, we were also able to demonstrate that in both fibroblasts and piPSCs the expression ratio of X chromosomes to autosomes (X1-5 X1-5:AA) is approximately equal to 1 indicating that there is no upregulation of X-linked genes. Finally, the RNAseq data also allowed us to explore the process of X-linked gene inactivation in the platypus, where we determined that for any given gene there is no preference for silencing of the maternal or paternal

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.270363
Retrieved Text: The Southern Highlands Platypus Conservation Project aims to gain a better understanding of platypus distribution, habitat, status and threats throughout the Southern Highlands.
There is rising evidence of platypus population declines throughout Australia, however due to the lack of long-term monitoring studies and difficulties in conducting surveys, information on the status of platypus populations is somewhat limited.
The Southern Highlands Platypus Conservation Project aims to improve this situation by establishing a comprehensive, community-based survey and monitoring program and using the data to assist decision-makers and ensure the Shire has a healthy, thriving platypus population in one hundred years time.
The platypus has been recorded in rivers, creeks and dams throughout the Southern Highlands although the few official records we have are somewhat outdated and often limited to rivers and streams close to population centres.
The most common place to spot platypus in the Southern Highlands is in the Wingecarribee River around Berrima.
The platypus and various species of echidna are the only egg-laying mammals (monotremes) in the world.
Although mainly nocturnal, it’s not uncommon to see a platypus during the day, especially at dusk or dawn.
The platypus is one of just a few venomous mammals, with males having venomous spurs on their rear legs.
They are generally solitary animals, typically seeking company for mating purposes only.
The platypus diet consists mainly of riverbed animals such as insect larvae but they will also eat freshwater shrimp, and adult insects on the surface of the water.
They will close their eyes and ears while foraging underwater, locating their food using electroreceptors in their bill which sense the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.745275
Retrieved Text: Geckos Unlimited > Gecko Spotlight > Paroedura > Housing female P. picta together?
View Full Version : Housing female P. picta together?
I have started to work on my rack, and I know that Pictus geckos are fairly aggresive towards each other (at least males are to females), but I was wondering if its ok to house two females in a good size rubbermaid bin with several hides and egg laying sites together.
You should not have any problems with housing more than one females together of similar size. I have housed as many as 5 or more females together in an appropriate sized terrarium for years without any problems. Just make sure there is a hide spot for each individual and you should be ok.
Thanks for your help Rob. For an egg laying site, do you have a hole on the top or the side?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.331343
Retrieved Text: We tested a set of hypotheses, based on previous ecological studies, to predict egg-laying behaviour in Ochlerotatus triseriatus in the field in Massachusetts. These hypotheses were in three main categories: females avoid immediate competitive or predatory threats to their larvae; females judge larvae or eggs as cues to future permanence, productivity, or competition within a treehole; or females hedge their bets by scattering their eggs in multiple habitats. We also predicted that mosquitoes might vary in their response depending on whether their offspring will hatch immediately or enter diapause and hatch the next year. We stocked artificial treeholes with larvae at four densities ranging from 0 to 90 larvae per habitat for four trials in 1992 and eight trials in 1994. In 1992, we added predatory Anopheles barberi larvae to half the replicates of each density level. In 1994, we tested for an interaction between egg and larval density by stocking additional traps with eggs in batches of 0, 20 and 200, and larvae in densities as in the previous trials.
The population showed a significant interaction between time of year and larval density (1). Eggs accumulated more in oviposition traps stocked with lower densities of larvae early in the season, but females showed a preference for higher-density traps later on, after their offspring were all likely to enter egg diapause (2). This may be the first report of a seasonal shift in egg-laying decisions in an insect; the results suggest that potential ambiguities of larval cues, with indications of habitat permanence as well as adversity of

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.723347
Retrieved Text: Squirt liquid dish-washing detergent on the site of the bird poop stain to cover it. Use a natural-bristled scrub brush to work the detergent into the concrete and loosen and remove remaining stain. Use a natural-bristled scrub brush to work the detergent into the …... Cockatiel Droppings, what normal and abnormal droppings look like, cockatiels diarrhea, cockatiels constipation, cockatiels blood in droppings, cockatiels, watery droppings, yellow dropping, green droppings, blood in droppings, red droppings, what do cockatiel droppings look like, what do bird droppings look like. .
25/07/2008 · Re: diarrhea or normal poop/pee in post egg laying cockatiel Yes, my females that are in egg laying mode definitely do lay monster blobs of poop. They are so good though and will hold it until I let them out first thing in the morning and they run to the top corner of their cage and drop their monster poops to the floor.... 16/03/2016 · my bird poops alot and I can't clean it but I found a way.
27/10/2009 · The main difference between potty training a dog and potty training a cockatiel is that birds go poop more frequently than dogs. Steps to potty train your cockatiel : Pick your cockatiel up every few minutes, right before it is about to poop (you need to learn the signs for this).
28/03/2013 · The exception to this rule are small birds with higher metabolisms such as cockatiels, who poop throughout the night and will have a pile of droppings beneath their sleeping perch the next morning. Laying females have

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.567133
Retrieved Text: What does the Platypus and the Opera House have in common? Give up? Well visitors to Taronga Zoo are finding out thanks to some volunteers who have been shedding some light on the elusive creatures.Being the symbol of Taronga Zoo Sydney, we love these animals, but they’re also one of the most unusual animals in the world. In fact they’re so unusual, that when the First Settlers sent a platypus specimen back to Britain it was assumed to be a hoax. Platypus are in fact one of the only two egg-laying mammals or monotremes in the world, with the other being echidnas.Swimming freely in fresh water using its webbed feet, the platypus looks more agile than it seems with heavy fur and a big bill. It’s very hard to take a clear picture of it moving in water as the platypus can swim quickly and being predominately nocturnal they’re generally more active at night.“With a bill, the platypus doesn’t have any teeth but uses the electroreceptors inside its mouth to find and capture food on the ground using the horny plates to grind food down,” one volunteer said.Although nationally protected throughout its range, many wild platypus are easily captured mistakenly in people’s yabby traps, as the delicious yabbies are also on their diet. “This is not good, because, you can imagine, the platypus may be a mother and has babies waiting to be fed at home,” another volunteer patiently said to kids visiting the Zoo.Because platypus can easily get stuck in the net, yabby nets with

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.545143
Retrieved Text: Platypus Consult is a "Boutique Agency" specialised in Sports and Business. We are a dedicated consultant and coaching agency representing a limited amount of clients.
We offer a highly personalised service, with a focus on quality and a hands-on approach.
The staff of Platypus Consult is highly qualified in the field of both sports and business. The organisation offers its clients an extensive network and has international connections with a broad range of players in the field of professional sports.
Platypus Consult is part of a network of other Boutique Agencies, which enables it to join forces for specific clients or projects. Our approach is tailor-made and goal-driven.
Former top-hockey player. Started at a young age with an active career in the world of professional field hockey, both as player and at a later age as coach of some of the top-ranking teams in The Netherlands. Worked for almost two decades at Nationale-Nederlanden /ING Group (one of the leading Dutch financial companies) as internal consultant for all its global business units. Responsible for cases and projects in the area of sports and business. Owner of "Platypus Consult" (founded in 2009).
"Being an entrepreneur active on the cutting edge of business and sports, I still benefit from my past experiences and lessons learned in the world of professional sports. I know how it feels to win or lose, to pursue my goals without giving up, to motivate myself and others, and to handle disappointment, changes and acceptance. These valuable experiences and qualities enable me to support and coach my clients (businesses, sports

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.544737
Retrieved Text: The Wet Tropics is home to 13 mammal species which are found nowhere else in the world and two are endangered Tropical Bettong and Mahogany Glider – are rainforest dwellers.
The Platypus is an egg laying mammal, has a soft and rubbery, broad bill and a flat streamline body covered in dense, dark brown fur. The tail is broad and flat, and the legs are short and stout with webbed feet. The male platypus has a large spur on each hind ankle, connected by ducts to a poison gland. (a wound from a spur can be extremely painful). The average male is 50cm long and weighs 2kg. The Platypus is an egg laying mammal, has a soft and rubbery, broad bill and a flat streamline body covered in dense, dark brown fur. The tail is broad and flat, and the legs are short and stout with webbed feet. The male platypus has a large spur on each hind ankle, connected by ducts to a poison gland. The average male is 50cm long and weighs 2kg.
They are semi-aquatic, spending half the day in the water feeding, and the rest on land and in a burrow. Females build nesting burrows lined with leaves and vegetation that is carried in her curled up tail. Platypus are carnivorous, feeding on insect larvae, freshwater shrimps and crayfish.
If you want to see Platypus in the wild, choose a place they are known to frequent, (such as Peterson Creek near Yungaburra). Sit quietly, and watch for the tell-tale large slow concentric ripples which indicate

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.603117
Retrieved Text: Echidnas or sometimes known as spiny anteaters and belong to the family of egg-laying mammals. The diet of some species consists of ants and termites, but they are not closely related to the true anteaters of the Americas. Echidnas live in Australia and New Guinea. Echidnas evidently evolved between 20 and 50 million years ago, descending from a platypus-like monotreme. This ancestor was aquatic, but echidnas adapted to life on land.
More information on Echidna can be found on Wikipedia.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.551954
Retrieved Text: 1) Good quality of feed. Fresh, proper nutrient levels, no molds, no insect damage.
4) Proper lighting. An increasing day length (January - June) brings sexually mature ducks into egg production and a decreasing day length (July-December) slows or stops their egg production. To prevent this from happening, natural light needs to be supplemented with artificial light in the morning and evening so the laying duck has 17 total hours of light a day. Once the birds are 20-23 weeks of age (smaller breeds at 20 weeks, larger breeds at 23 weeks) you can gradually increase the length of day using artificial light. The easiest way to do this is to have a light on a time clock. Initially add about one hour to the natural day length. Using the time clock, have the lights come on when the sun is setting and turn off in ½ hour. Then have the lights come on ½ hour before sunrise and have it shut off at sunrise. With these two ½ hour periods, you have increased the day one hour and this will stimulate egg production. Then every week you can add another 45 minutes (a little in the morning and a little in the evening) until you have a total of 17 hours of light. For us this means the lights are off at 9:30pm and come back on at 4:30am. This gives them seven hours of darkness which means they will have 17 hours of light.
6) Do not have too many males. The ratio of males to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.482862
Retrieved Text: The 1989 coin set features the then new $2 coin replacing the old paper deciaml note.
The coins truly celebrate Australia's natural heritage and pay tribute to our oldest natural inhabitants. The feather tail glider, the frill necked lizard, the spiny ant eater, the lyre bird, the platypus, the kangaroo and the emu are joined by Australia's earliest human inhabitant the aborigine.
The platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) is a semi-aquatic mammal endemic to eastern Australia, including Tasmania. Together with the four species of echidna, it is one of the five extant species of monotremes, the only mammals that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young. It is the sole living representative of its family (Ornithorhynchidae) and genus (Ornithorhynchus), though a number of related species have been found in the fossil record. The unusual appearance of this egg-laying, venomous, duck-billed, beaver-tailed, otter-footed mammal baffled European naturalists when they first encountered it, with some considering it an elaborate fraud. It is one of the few venomous mammals, the male platypus having a spur on the hind foot that delivers a venom capable of causing severe pain to humans. The unique features of the platypus make it an important subject in the study of evolutionary biology and a recognisable and iconic symbol of Australia; it has appeared as a mascot at national events and is featured on the reverse of the Australian 20 cent coin. The platypus is the animal emblem of the state of New South Wales. Until the early 20th century, it was hunted for its fur, but

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.10697
Retrieved Text: Platypus' evolutionary roots are highly controversial.
Platypuses, along with four species of echidna, are species of monotremes, defined by their dual nature of having mammary glands and egg-laying capabilities. Monotremes are considered primitive mammals, and platypuses are the remaining members of the family Ornithorhynchidae. Monotremes are position at the earliest offshoot of mammalian lineage albeit their phylogenetic position has been controversial. Some believe they share a common ancestor with marsupials while other believe that monotremes are more evolutionarily related to the subclass Theria (Figure 1; Grutzner 2004). Current efforts are underway to sequence the platypus genome, which will divulge details of the evolutionary roots of animals. Nonetheless, electroreception still remains a characteristic solely found in monotremes.
The platypus, long-billed echidna (Zaglossus bruijnii), and short-billed echidna (Tachyglossus aculeatus) are three types of monotremes that have shown a degree of electroreception, either through physiological observation of electroreceptors on the bill skin or through behavioral demonstrations (Figure 2; Pettigrew 1999). In addition to platypuses, electroreceptive afferents are apparent in the bill/beak of echidnas.
Electroreceptive echidnas and platypuses have three types of bill surface receptors: a push-rod mechanoreceptor containing sensory neurons, serous electroreceptors, and larger mucous electroreceptors. Mechanoreceptors are sensory organs that sense mechanical stimulation such as touch and pressure and relay the information to the central nervous system. On the other hand, electroreceptors allows the platypus to sense electric fields generated by objects in its environment (Sherwood 2004).
Although platypus bills have up to 40,000 electroreceptors, those of long-billed and short-billed echidnas have 2,000 and 400, respectively. This suggests that the electroreceptors on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.064112
Retrieved Text: The Garden Ant [Lasius niger] is a significant pest in the UK especially where it enters or nests in buildings. In addition three other non-indigenous species occur sometimes: the Rodgers Ant [Hypoponera punctatissima], the Argentine Ant [Iridomyrmex humilis] and the Pharaohs Ant [Monomorium pharaonis].
The Garden Ant is 2-3mm in length, black with elbowed antennae. They are social insects with each colony serving a Queen ant responsible for egg-laying. Most ants are infertile workers but in late summer fertile, winged males and females emerge from the nest before mating.
Males die while the females (new queens) disperse to form new colonies.Many thousands of ants may occupy a nest, living in a well-defined social hierarchy. They feed omnivorously but are particularly attracted to sweet, sugary foods.
What domestic property services do you offer in the Greater Glasgow area?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.997375
Retrieved Text: This creature is plump, brown, and covered in sleek fur, but it has a duck’s bill, a flat tail, and webbed feet.
While underwater, platypuses can sense the tiny electrical currents that trigger muscle movement. This allows them to locate living prey and distinguish it from inanimate objects. Treat electrolocation as blindsight 30 feet, but platypuses can sense only living creatures, and it functions only underwater.
Spur—injury; save Fort DC 9; frequency 1/round for 4 rounds; effect 1 nonlethal damage; cure 1 save.
A platypus’s spur attack is a primary natural attack that deals piercing damage.
Platypuses are members of an extremely unusual order of egg-laying mammals that live in riverside burrows where they hunt for larvae, shellfish, and worms. Platypuses also have a remarkable electrical sense they use in place of hearing, scent, and sight while hunting underwater.
The average platypus is roughly 1-1/2 feet long and weighs 3-1/2 pounds.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.977543
Retrieved Text: White Pine Weevil (Pissodes strobi) is one of our sneakiest conifer pests found in Ohio. Females spend the winter out of sight cooling their six heels in the duff beneath their pine or spruce targets. As temperatures warm in the spring, they climb their hosts to feed and lay eggs in the terminals. Sap oozing from small holes in the terminals is a calling card of this weevil.
This native weevil has a wide conifer host range that includes Scotch, jack, red, pitch, and eastern white pines as well as Douglas-fir and all spruces. Indeed, the weevil's love of spruce is exemplified by its alternate common name, Engelmann Spruce Weevil, or simply Spruce Weevil. White pine weevil is not just found in Ohio; it ranges from the east coast west into the Rockies.
Overwintered female emergence commences when the accumulated Growing Degree Days (GDD) reach 84. This roughly coincides with the full bloom of Northern Lights Forsythia (Forsythia x intermedia), Speckled Alder (Alnus incana), and Cornelian Cherry Dogwood (Cornus mas). Although we've surpassed the magic GDD number of 84 in southern Ohio, and I've taken some wonderful pictures of Cornelian Cherry blooms, it doesn't mean all is lost. The roller coaster pattern of our spring temperatures mean that we keep hitting the pause button on weevil activity.
Of course, the clock is ticking with executing the first suppression tool for the season: applying a "borer spray" to protect conifer terminals against this weevil. Females use their chewing mouthparts located at the tip of their long snout (rostrum) to chew

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.682545
Retrieved Text: This giant ichneumon wasp drilled her ovipositor, or terebra, 1-1/2 inches deep into solid wood, and laid an egg in the course of 4 minutes on a lovely, early spring day in the American midwest.
Wandering over the surface of a fallen log, continually contacting the wood with her antennae, she “smells” her prey: larvae of the horntail wasps which live inside the wood.
This wasp spent a full 10 minutes prospecting before she began to drill. At this point, her ovipositor (egg-laying device, the long, thin threadlike object trailing to the right) is “fully assembled” and appears as a solid-looking, threadlike structure extending fully 2 inches behind her. She is about 90mm long (3.5 inches) including ovipositor. As the drilling begins, she raises the tip of her abdomen until the terebra is perpendicular to the surface, then begins pushing the tip into the wood. The abdomen sort of splits open as the two outside “guides” begin to separate and loop back on either side of the abdomen, to allow the abdomen to push closer to the surface.
The ovipositor is now almost fully inserted, and the abdomen has opened up like some kind of ghastly sofa-bed. The terebra consists of 2 guides, or two halves of a sheath which “unzip” at the top, and a gizmo which rides in between them.
Other brands of wasps, e.g. some Braconidae completely separate the sheath when the egg-layer is in action. However, those wasps are depositing eggs in flowers and soft material; they don’t need the piercing power of the Megarhyssa apparatus.
Scientists

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.665756
Retrieved Text: An important and complex adaptive behavior that influences the speciation potential of the populations is the selection of the most suitable site for oviposition. However, the mechanisms underlying this process remain as a subject of matter. In the present study, the male influence on the selection for oviposition site was evaluated in a natural population of Drosophila ananassae from Laguna Verde, Veracruz, Mexico. The females collected in nature were established and analyzed as isofemale (IF) line. Females from each IF were allowed to lay eggs in three types of medium: unconditioned medium (UM), conditioned tracked by females medium (TF) and conditioned tracked by males medium (TM). The number of eggs laid per female was counted every 24 h for ten consecutive days. Two types of IF’s where found: (a) high and (b) low fecundity. Results showed a strong preference to lay eggs on TM for both types of IF, but the number of eggs laid by low fecundity IF’s was triplicated, and for high fecundity IF it was doubled compared with the control. No differences were found in egg-to-adult survival between eggs laid in the different mediums.
Reproductive capacity is a good index of fitness in organ- isms that go through repeated cycles of rapid population growth and it has evolved as a way to maximize the poten- tial of survival for species . The study of their behavior and the factors that modify it have helped to understand the evolutionary mechanisms of adaptation of the species [2-4]. It is known that fertility depends on factors such

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.613129
Retrieved Text: Sexlinks are chickens,that are bred specifically so that males and females are different colors when they hatch. Females are egg-laying machines that continue to lay well in the heat and cold, when many others slow down. They are sweet, small and docile, in addition to being super layers! These girls lay SUPER large eggs. Their eggs usually don't fit in egg cartons and regularly outweigh turkey eggs! Golden Sexlinks are produced when breeding a Rhode Island Red rooster with a Barred Rock hen. These ladies are particularly curious and often friendly if given the chance.
They mature very early at 18 weeks and produce 325-350 brown eggs per year!!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.431904
Retrieved Text: Mammals are animals that have hair, are warm-blooded, and nourish their young with milk. Some modern-day mammals include people, apes, cats, bats, dogs, tigers, mice, moose, aardvarks, beavers, elephants, gorillas, sloths, pandas, hamsters, horses, whales, and dolphins.
Monotremes: The monotremes are primitive egg-laying mammals. Modern-day monotremes include the echidnas (spiny ant-eaters) and the duck-billed platypus.
Marsupials: Marsupials are another group of mammals; their young are born in an extremely immature state; most female marsupials have pouches. Some marsupials include the koala, kangaroo, and the numbat.
Placental mammals: Placental mammals are mammals whose young are born at a relatively advanced stage (more advanced than the young of other mammals, the monotremes and marsupials). Before birth, the young are nourished through a placenta. The placenta is a specialized embryonic organ that is attached the mother's uterus and delivers oxygen and nutrients to the young. Most mammals are placental mammals, like cats, dogs, horses, and people.
Mammals have to eat a lot to maintain their high body temperature. Diets vary from genus to genus. As with most animal groups, there are more herbivores (plant-eaters) than there are carnivores (meat-eaters).
Venomous Mammals: Only a few mammals are venomous, including the duckbilled platypus (males only), several species of shrews, and the Solenodon (a small insectivore).
Loudest mammal - the Blue Whale. The second loudest is the Howler Monkey.
Fat - The blue whale has the thickest layer of blubber, but ringed seal pups have the greatest percentage of fat (about 50 %).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.267044
Retrieved Text: Management of adult corn rootworm beetles may help protect yield potential for the current crop as well as decrease the amount of eggs deposited.
When economic threshold levels are reached, adult management of corn rootworm beetles may help protect yield potential for the current crop as well as decrease the amount of eggs deposited. The treatment threshold that are used for the protection of corn silks and decreasing the potential amount of eggs laid may be different. Scouting, counting, and distinguishing between male and female beetles can be labor intensive. Late planted and prevented plant acres are especially attractive to feeding adults.
The two potentially damaging corn rootworm (CRW) species are the western and the northern. Western CRW adults are identifiable by the black and yellow stripes or nearly blackish wings1(Figure 1). Northern CRW adults are green to yellowish green (Figure 2) and females are slightly longer and have larger abdomens. There are two main reasons for managing CRW beetles; potential interference with corn fertilization, and reducing the amount of eggs laid. In high numbers, CRW adults can interfere with corn fertilization by clipping silks prior to the ovules (potential kernels) being fertilized (Figure 3). Unfertilized ovules can have an economic effect on the current crop through potential yield reduction. Reducing the number of eggs that can hatch the following year (exception being northern CRW extended diapause variants) by decreasing the number of egg laden females can help keep populations within a range where other control measures, such as traits containing Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) or soil-applied insecticides are

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.261932
Retrieved Text: Signs of laying eggs • Bearded Dragon . org .
May someone please tell me all the signs to watch for that would indicate Jaxson is ready to lay eggs? We have a 40gal breeder so can I put a lay box inside that?
Hi there, how old is Jaxson ? Females + males can both be restless at times and start digging around the tank but a gravid female will usually stop eating 2-5 days [ but some eat right up to egg laying day ] before laying and just dig at the corners + under everything in the tank. You can put a smallish laybox in the tank, here's the one I had for my girls years ago. Filled about 4/5 with damp sand, they used it every time.
AHBD wrote: Hi there, how old is Jaxson ? Females + males can both be restless at times and start digging around the tank but a gravid female will usually stop eating 2-5 days [ but some eat right up to egg laying day ] before laying and just dig at the corners + under everything in the tank. You can put a smallish laybox in the tank, here's the one I had for my girls years ago. Filled about 4/5 with damp sand, they used it every time.
But I’m not sure how old she is. No one could ever help me with figuring out how old she is. I only know measurements. We got her 1/6/19 and she was 6.5 inches from head to tail now she

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.243187
Retrieved Text: A few snakes sport a diamond pattern on their backs, which helps them avoid detection by both predators and prey. The contrast in the skin pattern makes it difficult to see the direction of movement of the snake. When it stops, it becomes hard to see in leaves or vegetation, providing it cover from predators and allowing it to pursue prey undetected.
The California king snake found in the United States fits the description of a black snake with white markings. It is an egg-laying, nonvenomous snake that is active on the ground and will take in rodent burrows. This snake is called “king” snake because it will eat venomous snakes, as well as lizards, rodents, birds and eggs. It captures its prey by constriction. The scales are smooth, giving it a glossy appearance.
Black rat snakes have skin showing around their scales which makes a small white diamond pattern. The egg-laying, nonvenomous snake hibernates and often enters homes because it is good at climbing. Rodents are their main food source, which explains their name. Rat snakes also eat frogs, birds and eggs. They grow up to 8 feet long and are common in the southeastern United States.
Native to the western United States, this snake is venomous and causes the highest amount of fatal snake bites. Its hunting ability is helped by a forked tongue that tastes the air for prey and heat-sensitive receptors in its nose that detect warm food sources even in the dark. They are born live, not in eggs, and from 10 inches at

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.237463
Retrieved Text: What does the Duke of Burgundy butterfly prefer?
The biodiversity of the world is rapidly decreasing, much due to the increasingly intensive forestry and agriculture. Many butterfly species are affected by this, one of them being the Duke of Burgundy (Hamearis lucina) (Kruys 1998). The Duke of Burgundy has, like many other butterfly species, one specific host plant, in this case cowslip (Primula veris), or under some conditions primrose (Primula vulgaris) (Emmet & Heath 1989). The host plant is the site for egg-laying and thereafter the only food source of the larvae until pupation. That causes the specific site conditions of the host plant to be very important. The plant must be positioned to have the right temperature and not being too exposed to the sun, as well as providing protection from predators and grazing animals.
The Duke of Burgundy has remaining populations in most parts of Europe, even though they are declining severely in many places. The species is registered in the Swedish redlist as vulnerable and since the beginning of the 20th century it is almost completely dependent upon conservation measures (ArtDatabanken 2005). Populations in Sweden are mainly located at Omberg and on the island of Öland (ArtDatabanken 2005).
To be able to save species at risk of extinction it is important to know as much as possible about the species and its preferences (Bourn & Thomas 1993). Therefore the aim of my study was to find the egg-laying and habitat preferences of H. lucina.
My results showed that the Duke of Burgundy has very specific habitat preferences,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.173782
Retrieved Text: In egg laying species, breeding females may adjust the allocation of nutrients or other substances into eggs in order to maximise offspring or maternal fitness. Cooperatively breeding species offer a particularly interesting context in which to study maternal allocation because helpers create predictably improved conditions during offspring development. Some recent studies on cooperative species showed that females assisted by helpers produced smaller eggs, as the additional food brought by the helpers appeared to compensate for this reduction in egg size. However, it remains unclear how common this effect might be. Also currently unknown is whether females change egg composition when assisted by helpers. This effect is predicted by current maternal allocation theory, but has not been previously investigated. We studied egg mass and contents in sociable weavers ( Philetairus socius ). We found that egg mass decreased with group size, while fledgling mass did not vary, suggesting that helpers may compensate for the reduced investment in eggs. We found no differences in eggs’ carotenoid contents, but females assisted by helpers produced eggs with lower hormonal content, specifically testosterone, androstenedione (A4) and corticosterone levels. Taken together, these results suggest that the environment created by helpers can influence maternal allocation and potentially offspring phenotypes.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.946243
Retrieved Text: Spiders are familiar house pests that always overstay their welcome.
They crawl into homes through cracks and crevasses, open doors, windows, and screens, and make nests in damp, dark, warm places. Spider infestations are very common in homes, as their population outnumbers humans 18:1. Thankfully, most spiders in Ontario aren‚Äôt a threat to humans.
Remember, even a small spider invasion can turn into a full-blown takeover quicker than you think; a single spider‚Äôs egg sac can contain 100-500 eggs, with females commonly producing several sacs over the season.
Once that second generation starts laying eggs, your basement might start looking like Shelob‚Äôs lair!
Don‚Äôt get caught in the spiders‚Äô web. Terminix Canada‚Äôs spider extermination team is experienced in removing house spiders, cellar spiders, wolf spiders, brown recluse spiders, and any other eight-legged creatures crawling around your home ‚Äì meaning the best way to get rid of spiders is through our specialized spider control services.
We use safe and effective spider control to get rid of spiders currently residing in your home, while employing spider prevention techniques to impede infestations from reoccurring.
From spider prevention to spider extermination, we'll help you get rid of spiders one way or another. Call Terminix Canada or fill out our form to discuss how our spider control services can help your multi-legged problems!

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What do echidna lay?" and the following answer choices: 
- food
 - fat
 - seeds
 - eggs
 - edible
 - tadpoles
 - nektar
 - sacs

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and examples of monotremes are the Platypus and Echidna, choose the best answer.

Target Text: eggs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 26.571114
Retrieved Text: This very cute echidna was photographed just outside of our lodge near Cradle Mountain in Tasmania. The echidna is a uniquely Australian creature with a resemblance to hedgehogs and porcupines, except that strangely, they lay eggs. On this particular afternoon, this echidna was on the hunt for ants and termites, using long claws to rip apart this tree trunk. Tasmania is rich in Australian wildlife and a wonderful place to get away and relax.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 23.838291
Retrieved Text: Echidna is eCommerce Evolved. People want to have amazing experiences online. Echidna makes sure that they do.
Echidna customer references have an aggregate content usefulness score of 4.7/5 based on 498 user ratings.
14 companies using Echidna share their challenges, decisions and results before, during and after implementing Echidna software.
Don't see enough customer references? Check out these Echidna competitors.
See which companies are customers of Echidna.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 23.720419
Retrieved Text: The Zoo’s Marvellous Easter trail runs over the Easter weekend and is all about baby mammals. This particular mammal, the echidna, lives in Australia and New Guinea. The only mammals in the entire world that lay eggs are the platypus and four species of echidnas.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 22.980515
Retrieved Text: For the uninitiated, echidnas are a rare type of mammal known as a “monotreme,” which are distinguished by the fact that they lay eggs.
Along with the platypus, the four species of echidna—found in Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea—are the only known monotremes left on the planet. And like their platypus cousins, echidnas also look like mash-up creatures.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 22.902761
Retrieved Text: Your Weekend Creature Comforts: The Echidna | "The Brotherhood of Evil Geeks"
Welcome to another weekend edition of our Creature Comforts! Now with the title this week you might be wondering if I am writing about a strange marsupial covered in quills from Australia. But actually no, this echidna is just as amazing in its own way, specifically that in Greek mythology this echidna is “The Mother of All Monsters”.
Like many previous creatures from Greek mythology that we have talked about, this week’s monster is a chimera, being composed of multiple species fused in to one creature. The echidna is half serpent, half woman. We don’t know how Echidna actually came about in the first place, but we do know that she married Typhon, one of the only Greek gods to have also been a monster. Typhon was a giant, born by Gaia, and bearing serpents for legs. So naturally he and Echidna felt a strong attraction to each other.
The echidna creature to me was an interesting find that I had not heard of before, but came across as I was doing some research for a creature comforts post. Those of us that are relatively knowledgeable in Greek mythology might find it odd to come across a creature we had not heard of before. Thank goodness for Xena Warrior Princess for having been the only reference in popular culture I could find to the Echidna. But while the echidna is not that famous, her children certainly are. Because Echidna and Typhon went on to birth many famous

########
Rank: 5
Score: 21.879023
Retrieved Text: Echidnas travel long distances looking for food, and may travel through your back yard. Many calls received by Wires is regarding Echidnas that have" dug" themselves in, and they do not seem to want to move on. The animal is defending itself the only way it can, by digging into the ground and this happens when it feels insecure and in danger. It may also roll itself into a ball if not able to dig in.
The best thing to do in this situation is simply to leave the area for a period of time, if you have a dog, keep it well away from the animal, and you will find that the Echidna will move away as soon as it is sure it is out of danger, and feel secure.
Echidnas have a great memory, and it is unlikely that it will return, once realising that the area is not safe.
Never relocate an Echidna, it is impossible to tell if it is a male or a female, and as they leave their young in the nest whilst foraging for food, it is important they are able to return. So best leave it alone, let it go on its way when ready.
In the middle of winter we are huddled around our heaters, snuggling together against the chill, while outside other critters are rustling through the undergrowth, also seeking someone to snuggle up to, but for different reasons. July and August is breeding time for Echidnas, females will be carrying either an egg or a very small echidna in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 21.54753
Retrieved Text: Echidna Shuffle is in the hole for a birdie.
Today, Fairway takes a look at the currently-on Kickstarter game from Wattsalpoag Games: Echidna Shuffle. See if this adorably cute game dances into Fairway’s heart.
Echidna Shuffle is a two- to six-player pick up and deliver game featuring twelve echidnas: the quirky, not-so-cuddly, egg-laying mammals from down under. Players use the echidnas to deliver their three insects to their destinations. Preview note: I was provided a pre-production, prototype of the game and so some elements of the art and components may change. This Kickstarter is live right now.
The whole game is adorable. The echidnas are absolutely adorable and gigantic. It’s hard to overstate the toy-value of these things, especially if you have kids.
The rules are an interesting mix of complexity for a family game. The gist isn’t that hard: roll a die which permits a certain number of “moves” of the echidnas along the winding paths of the board. As you pass by one of your insects, you can to attach it to the top of the echnida. You’re now in a race to get that insect to the destination. It’s not “hard” but the logic and path following might put this out of reach of some younger players — unless you’re willing to do a lot of hand-holding.
Any pictures of the echidna pieces will not do it justice. They’re amazing.
In Echidna Shuffle, players have one objective: get their a colored insects to each of the three destinations. The first one to do that, wins.
To get setup, the over-sized

########
Rank: 7
Score: 20.889702
Retrieved Text: Echidna is known as the Mother of All Monsters. With her husband, the giant Typhon, she gave birth to such creatures as the Hydra, She-Demon, Stymphalian Bird, and Obie. Though her children are born "good" if they are to taste blood they become wild and "evil." The goddess Hera often exploits this, turning Echidna's 3 eldest children into monsters which she sends to attack Hercules.
Once, grief-stricken at the deaths of her children and bent on revenge, Echidna hired Demetrius lure Hercules into a trap. Demetrius faked a loving relationship with Alcmene and then kidnapped her and brought her to Echidna. Hercules followed and was able to defeat Demetrius and rescue Alcmene. At his mother's request, Hercules spared Echidna's life. The hero sealed her in a cave (HTLJ "The Mother of All Monsters").
With help from Hera, Maceus and his men re-opened the entrance to Echidna's cave hoping to get Echidna's help to kill Hercules. Echidna agreed but changed her mind when Hercules reunited her with her husband Typhon who had been imprisoned for over a century by Hera. In a battle with Hercules, Echidna accidentally killed Maceus (HTLJ "Cast a Giant Shadow").
Shortly after being reunited with Typhon, Echidna gave birth to Obie. Hera sent her Head Archer to retrieve the baby so it could be trained as a killer. Echidna refused. Klepto pretended to be a friend of Hercules' and kidnapped Obie to bring him to the warlord Bluth so he could be trained for Hera. Klepto eventually became fond of Obie and helped to get him

########
Rank: 8
Score: 20.61951
Retrieved Text: Taronga Wildlife Hospital supervisor, Annabelle Sehlmeier, has taken on the role of surrogate mum to the echidna puggle, providing round-the-clock care and feeding it a special milk mixture from the palm of her hand.
The puggle was brought to Taronga earlier this month with scratches over its belly and hind legs, after being rescued from a group of chickens in a backyard near Newcastle. It was also dehydrated and unusually small for its four months of age.
“We’re not sure if the baby was alone because its mother died or because it was accidentally dug out of its nursery burrow,” said Annabelle.
The puggle – which is still too young for vets to determine its gender – received emergency first aid and has since made a terrific turnaround in Annabelle’s care.
Nicknamed “Bonsai” due to its small size, the echidna has grown from 400 grams to 530 grams in two weeks and is feeding confidently from Annabelle’s hand, only stopping to blow milk bubbles out its nose.
“Normally a baby echidna would feed every 3-5 days when its mum returns to the burrow, but this little one wants to feed every day. I guess it’s making up for lost time,” said Annabelle.
Instead of having teats like other mammals, echidnas have patches on their abdomen that excrete milk for their young to lap up. Annabelle has to feed the puggle from the palm of her hand, so it can lap milk as it would do in the wild.
“My palm is the closest thing I’ve got to an echidna belly and it works

########
Rank: 9
Score: 20.546028
Retrieved Text: There are an abundance of activities for you to enjoy both on LarnOO, whether you are looking for adventure or to relax and recharge there is something for everyone!
At LarnOO there are plenty of farm roads and trails to explore. There are no rails, signs or barriers and experienced enthusiasts are advised to take all care and precautions. Please ensure you secure any gate you open on your travels.
Catch and release trout in one of our dams or the Goulburn River frontage.
There areYabbies in our dams, why not try your luck at catching delicious fresh water delicacy!
Swim in the pool, river or dams.
Relax on the lawn, balcony or verandah of your accommodation and enjoy a good book. Sit beside a bonfire and take in the surrounding country.
The distinctive and purposeful ‘rolling’ gait is just one if the endearing qualities that make these animals so popular. Also known as the ‘Spiny Ant-eater’ and ‘Short-beaked Echidna’, this species is found widely at LarnOO . If you see one at LarnOO be sure not to pick them up – as their spines are very sharp Echidna are 30 to 40 cm long and weight 2 to 5 kg their body is covered with spines about 5 cm long and fur as well between the spines. Echidna feed on ants, termites, grubs and worms. They use their fore paws to dig into ant nests and use their fast-moving tongues, which are covered with sticky mucus, to trap the ants. Echidna can live in most habitat types including the bush land

########
Rank: 10
Score: 19.683771
Retrieved Text: Echidna and friend Minerva were hypermaxed, rest had less than 20+ combined, both Minerva max skilled, Echidna max skilled, and Ronia max skilled. Lu Bu can be king baddie if you want, the loss of HP and attack aren't too important (since it's a fire based team anwyay) and the addition of recovery can help a tiny bit. Freyr is probably also viable, but you'll have to calculate your damage to make sure.
DQ hera: Grind down until she uses her ultra gravity on you, pop Echidna and kill. You can use 1 Minerva on this stage if you want.
Beezlebub: Ronia, Minerva, Disco Hera, Lu bu for one shot.
Athena: Free heal to full, grind down to between 50% and 55% and stall for Lu Bu, Ronia, and Disco Hera. Heal frequently, since at any time she may shining spear away your heart orbs. Between 50% and 55%, pop Ronia. If you have 18 or more fire orbs on board you should be ok without having to use Minerva, else pop Minerva. Pop Disco Hera. This should put Athena in the green zone and then you can easily one shot her from there.
Mephistopheles: Toughest one. Grind down to 40% saving fire and dark orbs while going, pop Echidna when he uses "3", pop an awoken Minerva, and try to kill him in 5 turns. If you can't kill him during the Echidna stall, he'll use "Hidden dagger," which won't kill you. If he uses "Hidden dagger" feel free to pop the second Minerva, since your first one will

########
Rank: 11
Score: 19.594696
Retrieved Text: Cover scans of (eventually) all the issues of Sonic The Hedgehog, Knuckles The Echidna, Sonic Super Specials, Archie Sonic Specials, Archie Sonic Mini-Series, Archie's Sonic X, Sonic The Comic, Sonic The Comic Specials, and giveaways. There's also a special section with collages of Archie covers--mostly from the Knuckles The Echidna series, which was well-known for them.
Back in 1991 when Sonic 1 was released for the Genesis, a comic by Francis Mao on the "origins" of Sonic was released. While inaccurate in regards to the video games, elements from this comic did find it's way into both the Archie and Fleetway comic series. The first 7 pages of this promotional comic can be seen here.
Consider this gallery a chronicle of important or memorable events in the Sonic comic book, be they lighthearted or serious. Scans from various Sonic The Hedgehog issues can be found here.
This gallery chronicles important or memorable events in the Knuckles comic book, whether it is lighthearted or serious. Scans from various isses of Knuckles The Echidna can be found here.
This gallery chronicles important or memorable events that occurred in various specials, Sonic Super Specials, and mini-series.
Memorable images from the comic series based on the Sonic X cartoon can be found here.
Archie Comics sometimes produces small pieces of art in each issue called "Pro Art", or Promotional Art. Each piece is commissioned by a different artist, be it a guest artist or a regular as a way of showcasing their talents. This page houses all the pro art pieces, as well as some other

########
Rank: 12
Score: 19.356644
Retrieved Text: Fire attribute & Attacker type cards ATK x2, RCV x2.
I got him AND Ares when I got back into PaD and made a new account, Ares as the free roll from tutorial, and Freyr right when I got 5 magic stones. They have not left my team since I could put them both on the same team.
Freyr was my first pull after the tutorial. I didn't know anything about the game, but he took me far until other gods just started to take over and out pace my Mono-Red team in damage.
The most disappointing thing about Freyr is that even once you Ultimate Evolve him, he still only has 4 awakenings, and mediocre stats. Even as a Sub, Only getting 4 Awakenings for a God REM only monster is just... just... disappointing. The Red 2x Red Rows are great and everyone likes skill boosts, but maybe i'm just not sure how to best run red rows with him.
His active skill is decent at times for some farming some normal bosses, but when compared to other "spike" options 1.5 seems just alright. It's okay against multiple bosses back to back, but still lackluster and really just won't do for some of the harder normal dungeons and technicals.
I'm hoping Freyr and all the other Norse gods get an "Awoken" Ultimate of some sort, because I'd love to use Freyr again. Unfortunately he's collecting dust in my box in the mean time, but maybe one day he'll see the battlefield again.
I pulled Freyr but am having a hard time

########
Rank: 13
Score: 19.268974
Retrieved Text: An adult female echidna was found on a road in Cromer, NSW and taken to a local veterinary hospital. The echidna was not moving well and was sent to Taronga Wildlife Hospital for assessment. The echidna presented with a large lump on its back (Image) and was subject to x-ray under anaesthesia where it was found to have a fracture of the left zygomatic arch and an old maxillary fracture. The pelvic structure appeared abnormal, possibly due to old, healed fractures.
An adult, male, wild caught frog from the North Coast (Watagans National Park, Cooranbong NSW) 01/01/15, was housed in a group of 13 other M. fasciolatus at a research facility. The frog was found on the morning of 16/06/15 lying on its back, minimally responsive. Euthanasia with MS-222 was elected, and tissues were sent to the Registry for assessment.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 19.16574
Retrieved Text: Collectively, these system components form a closed loop operational environment for conducting the primary missions of each Echidna Phase 2A Project platform providing greater self protection and EW support against Infra Red (IR) and Radio Frequency (RF) based threats.
The Echidna Phase 2A Project aircraft will be equipped with sensors to cover the RF and IF threat and countermeasure systems appropriate to the payload and flight characteristics of each platform. As a minimum, all aircraft will be equipped with an expendable chaff/flare countermeasure dispenser and a degree of manoeuvre cuing. An EW Controller ensures sensors and countermeasure systems operate in an integrated fashion and provide the aircrew with improved situational awareness of the EW battlefield.
The ground based Mission Data System is an integral element of the Echidna Phase 2A systems and provides aircrew with the capability to plan an EW mission at an operational base, as well as conduct post mission analysis and mission replay. an Integrated EW Mission Support System (IEWMSS) located at the JEWOSU Defence Unit further enhances the adapability of the Echidna EWSP System to meet the current and future needs of the Defence Force.
Operationally, the airborne EWSP systems will provide a background function of defence against weapon systems which employ the electromagnetic spectrum to assist in attacking the aircraft. The Echidna Phase 2A Project EWSP systems is aimed at providing the “evade, avoid, survive” philosophy; which is aimed at keeping the aircraft as far away as possible from danger by supplying the flight crew with situational awareness and the capability to defend the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 19.128025
Retrieved Text: Phorcys was a primordial god in Greek mythology, son of the Titans Pontus and Gaea. He was the husband of Ceto, with whom he had a number of children collectively known as the Phorcydes. Their children included the Graeae, the Gorgons, Echidna, and Ladon (although the latter is sometimes considered the child of Echidna and Typhoeus).

########
Rank: 16
Score: 19.07701
Retrieved Text: Julie-Su and Knuckles/Enerjak. Julie-Su trying to convince Knuckles-who is under a hypnotic hex-th@ he is not Enerjak. Wallpaper and background images in the Julie-Su the Echidna club tagged: julie-su knuckles knuxsu.
This Julie-Su the Echidna photo contains animado, cómic, manga, historieta, anime, and dibujos animados.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 19.066921
Retrieved Text: There are currently 85,134 users on this website.
Don't you all mean small SD or tiny SD in the above few posts?
Yes but as hans g said the position of the echidna differs too, and at least that's what I use when checking coins from change.
How many anniversary 2016 5c pieces have you looked at? I've only seen maybe eight in total which is hardly enough to say they're all tiny SD for sure.
Me too. Unfortunately the tiny SD description is firmly entrenched.
Thousands I'd guess. But they are all sourced in Melbourne so what I am seeing is mainly coins released here.
Oh nice - I think it's safe to say they don't exist then.
I haven't seen a whole lot 2017 5c pieces yet (and only have an unopened bag of 2018 5c pieces from the Road Show) but given the last circulating one was 2014 I don't expect there will be many if any.
I've now looked through 43 2017 5c pieces and they're all tiny SD/high echinda (unsurprisingly).
Hi all. I was just wondering if it was possible that the 1984 5 cent had 3 varieties?
The (top coin) low sd has a similar rim to the middle coin yet the bottom 2 coins have the same echidna.
I think there are only two varieties - the rims on these coins can be pretty variable (quite a lot have the little inside rim like the top and bottom coins).
Cheers Mr T, I appreciate the reply, I realize that I am a noob and there r probably a lot of people

########
Rank: 18
Score: 19.05112
Retrieved Text: A puggle is the baby of an echidna, an Australian cousin to the platypus. It is sometimes called a spiny anteater. Puggles are incubated for about 11 days in the egg they start out in, then hatch and finish growing in Mama's pouch.
The top photo is of a puggle, and the one to the right is of an adult echidna. Cute, eh?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 19.050316
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Knuckles The Echidna Coloring Page Free Printable Pages Unusual In Sonic Remodel 10. Post Title: Sonic Knuckles Coloring Pages. Filename: knuckles-the-echidna-coloring-page-free-printable-pages-unusual-in-sonic-remodel-10.gif. Image Dimension: 1621 x 2171 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Taurean Roob. Uploaded Date: Tuesday - February 12th. 2019 06:39:15 AM. Category: Coloring Page. Image Source: homestyler.com. Knuckles A 10. Pages Printable 13. Epizod Plans Sonic Coloring Cool2bKids Designs In 8. Print Boys Download 0. Intended Remodel Ideas For Et The Free 11. 17. Inspirations Ausmalbilder Hedgehog L Sur Idea 9. Mario X Ordinateur Kids Regarding Punch To Throughout Coloriage Break Page Online Unusual Within Inside 12. Imprimer My Gratuit Pinterest Colorier Echidna Regard 2. Prepare Just Info With 3.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 19.024416
Retrieved Text: Author and Illustrator Matt Shanks has created a most delightful and funny story about a little echidna with a really big dream.
The story Eric the Postie begins on the endpapers, showing that Eric comes from a long line of successful echidnas. The reader is drawn immediately into the story in the most enticing way, 'Eric had a dream...' now the reader is compelled to find out what the dream is and how the determined little echidna will he fulfil it.
Eric knows that he has skills that makes him perfect for delivering mail to the outback town folk of Wattleford, Australia. His spines could protect him from dogs. He could dig tunnels to keep the mail dry from the rain. With his tongue he could seal envelopes and deal with letterboxes infested with ants and larvae.
However, Eric had a problem. The post office does not hire animals as postmen. This realisation does not deter this little echidna. Eric would do anything to make his dream happen and he comes up with an ingenious plan to allow him to collect mail and deliver it.
Soon, the Wattleford postman realises that something mysterious is happening to the mail, as he has less and less to deliver. The postman knew that the people of Wattleford were still sending mail and '...they were happier than they had ever been!' How were the letters being delivered? The postman begins an investigation but the readers already know from the illustrations that Eric is involved in the mail's delivery.
Matt's watercolour illustrations are a mixture of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 18.932798
Retrieved Text: A growing London technology business has been named large business of the year by the London Chamber of Commerce.
Digital Echidna, a web development firm, took top honours Wednesday night at the chamber’s 2019 Business Achievement Awards, held at the London Convention Centre.
“Technology businesses in London start small, but in a short period of time they become large,” said Gerry Macartney, the chamber’s chief executive.
Andrew McClenaghan, Echidna’s president, used his speech as a platform to advocate for change in London.
“We sit at the cusp of booming downtown development and city-building projects such as Back to the River and rapid transit. It would appear big change is coming to London. Change this big should be contentious,” he said.
Digital Echidna beat out AM Group, a business that does roof and window installation, and other exterior home renovations.
The winner in the medium-sized business category is Collins Clothiers, and topping the small business category is Douglas Window & Door Inc.
Digital Echidna was a runner-up in last year’s awards to Northern Commerce, another web development firm.
With 70 workers, Digital Echidna serves markets such as higher education, health care and non-profit/non-governmental organizations. Its clients include the Juilliard School, Napoleon Grills and the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. Between 2015 and 2017, Digital Echidna experienced 38 per cent growth in the number of employees, from 45 salaried full-timers to 62.
It released its flagship product, EchidNET, an open-source social intranet in 2015. It has users ranging from Sifton Properties to the McGill University Health Centre.
Other winners include London Brewing Co-operative Inc. for the Agribusiness Award, Robarts

########
Rank: 22
Score: 18.867674
Retrieved Text: How do you take a classic game like Sonic the Hedgehog and make it better? Hack in all the musical cues from The Price is Right, that's how.
The video above may have been uploaded over a year ago, but it is too perfect not to share now. It shows what appears to be a functioning ROM hack that replaces all the music from Sonic The Hedgehog with classical musical cues from The Price is Right.
Much as I love Sonic music, I would argue this makes it better — if only for the failure horns.
KNUCKLES THE ECHIDNA, COME ON DOWWWWWN.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 18.831718
Retrieved Text: The short-beaked echidna (Tachyglossus aculeatus) is ane o fower livin species o echidna an the anly member o the genus Tachyglossus.
↑ Groves, C. P. (2005). "Order Monotremata". In Wilson, D. E.; Reeder, D. M. Mammal Species of the World (3rd ed.). Johns Hopkins University Press. p. 1. ISBN 978-0-8018-8221-0. OCLC 62265494.
This page wis last eeditit on 3 Februar 2017, at 00:08.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 18.731743
Retrieved Text: Echidna Platinum Club now celebrates 10 years and this year saw the introduction of Platinum Rewards Points. We also moved to an anniversary based membership and reduced the price.
$20 for a full 12 months with renewal due each year on the anniversary of joining.
Discounts, special offers, priority service, free shipping on orders over $50 and membership in our Platinum Rewards Points program. We also still provide our popular free design CDs with physical orders over $50.
WHAT ARE THESE POINTS ALL ABOUT?
You get a point for every dollar you spend with Echidna either online, over the phone, in-store or at events. Plus, some promotions offer bonuses up to 20 points per dollar spent.
It’s almost as good as real money! Your accrued points value is shown in your online account. If you order online, in-store or by phone you can use your points balance as part or full payment. Points are valid for 400 days.
Just keep a current Platinum Membership and your points will be automatically applied with every purchase you make. How good is that?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 18.595182
Retrieved Text: Long ago, Tahu was once an Matoran created by Mata Nui. In his early life, Tahu along with the Toa Mata traveled to Angel Island where they met Copan The Echidna and Tikal The Echidna. Upon Tikal The Echidna for the first time Tahu went into delightment. The echidnas had assigned them to be the guardians of Mata Nui by using Chaos Emeralds to revive him should he fall. Copan trained Tahu along with the Toa Mata in order to learn to fight whilst the Knuckles Clan built the Toa Canisters to allow them to escape. Later he discovered that the Brotherhood Of Makuta led by Teridax(who had overthrown Miserix and imprisoned him in the Twilight Cage) had corrupted the Chaos Emeralds with the Dark Star to destroy Mata Nu and is now invading many planets having Ur-Didact sending his Forerunner army to invade Angel Island and hunt down the Chaos Emeralds for the Brotherhood. Realizing that they would be no match against the Forerunners and the Brotherhood. The Toa Mata were concealed themselves in the Toa Canisters to save themselves from the hands of the Forerunners, alongside Tikal and Copan who concealed themselves in the Master Emerald to not only stop Chaos from destructing Angel Island but also saving themselves from dying at the hands of him and the Forerunners. After Mata Nui was destroyed by the Teridax and his Brotherhood, the Toa Canisters were shot out and landed in Angel Island which was where Mata Nui was destroyed and remained for 4000 years.
4000 years

########
Rank: 26
Score: 18.437124
Retrieved Text: Presenting KNUCKLES ADVENTURE! The newest action adventure game by SEGA for the Dreamcast! Knuckles is back and so are his friends! They are now better than ever in this hit title! Amazing graphics and action will prove this title to be a true asset to Sega Dreamcast!
Breed, download, and raise the new KNUCKLES Chao! It's the last of its kind!
Five characters! Presenting Vector The Crocodile, Mighty the Armadillo, Charmy Bee, and Espio The Chameleon, along with Knuckles The Echidna! From the 32X game Knuckles' Chaotix! This will be a wild adventure!
Send a Knuckles Adventure postcard!
Download Knuckles Adventure wallpaper for your computer desktop!
"Ore wa Nakkuruzu za Ekidona!"
Brought to you by the love of Lien. Knuckles the Echidna and all related characters are © SEGA Enterprises. All images are created by Lien "Chainspike" of Sonic HQ except for the Knuckles postcard and are not official. This is a spoof. No copyright infringement intended. Please do not take any of these images for other sites without permission. Any of these images found on other sites and uncredited were wrongfully stolen. Page created on April 1, 2000.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 18.430803
Retrieved Text: Begin your incredible Air Safari with a flight to Purnululu National Park. Then, after a short trip by 4WD, walk into Echidna Chasm and enjoy a picnic lunch. Visit stunning Cathedral Gorge and the Bungle Bungle Range.
Tour highlights: Take a scenic flight over the Bungle Bungle domes, hike into Echidna Chasm, walk into Cathedral Gorge and test the acoustics.
Inclusions: All scenic flights, airport transfers, sightseeing, two meals (breakfast & lunch) and park fees.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 18.387611
Retrieved Text: Knuckles the Echidna makes his entry.
Sega has released the third part of its animated shorts series Sonic Mania Adventures.
Knuckles the Echidna is the Guardian of the Master Emerald, but ever since Dr. Eggman and Sonic first appeared on Angel Island, trouble has followed. Knuckles still doesn’t fully trust Sonic, so he’s been watching over the Emerald constantly to ensure nobody – robot or hedgehog – gets their hands on it.
If you missed it, catch Part 1 here and Part 2 here.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 18.294647
Retrieved Text: With the blooms at the Emu Valley Rhododendron Garden (EVRG) out in force it’s time to shout out for everyone to go for a visit. The vision of the EVRG is “… to be a world recognised woodland garden showcasing and protecting the Rhododendron Genus.” There is no doubt that it showcases rhododendrons magnificently (with a visit you can be a judge of this).
Without doubt it protects them, with over 22000 rhododendrons growing on site and over 500 plants in the nursery (where they can spend up to five years before being ready for planting out).
The recognition for the EVRG is building, much like a treasure someone doesn't know they have or don’t realise its full value, which is ever increasing as time goes by. I think the volunteers and members know they have something of great worth, as do rhododendron experts around the world, but much of Tasmania, the rest of Australia and the world have yet to discover it.
Just a ten minute drive south of Burnie on the North West coast, the gardens were originally part of a farm. The fairly steep section of land had never been farmed, but had been logged in the 1960’s with the resulting regrowth including lots of blackberries!
From the first rhododendron being planted in 1981 to there now being more than 450 species from 16 countries, it is a living testament of just what can be achieved when like-minded people have a vision, set goals and go to work to achieve those goals. People pitched in the early

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "What lays their eggs in a burrow?" and the following answer choices: 
- no mammals
 - all mammals
 - dogs
 - animals
 - honeybees
 - insects
 - some mammals
 - alpacas

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and like the platypus, it is an egg laying mammal, choose the best answer.

Target Text: some mammals

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.500793
Retrieved Text: The tarantula hawk wasp is the biggest natural enemy of the tarantula. Many animals and insects, including larger mammals, reptiles, birds and fly maggots, eat tarantulas as well.
The tarantula hawk wasp hunts for the tarantula, finds its burrow and lures it out. The wasp then stings the tarantula, paralyzing it. Afterwards, the wasp drags the tarantula to its lair and lays an egg on the spider. When the wasp maggot hatches, it eats the tarantula. Larger mammals, such as coyotes, foxes, weasels and skunks, have been known to eat tarantulas. However, they often given up shortly after starting due to the spider's barbed hairs and agile movements. Reptiles, such as large lizards and snakes, sometimes eat tarantulas. However, this can prove dangerous as tarantulas have also been known to eat lizards and snakes. Birds, such as hawks, eagles and owls, sometimes eat tarantulas as well.
Flies sometimes eat tarantulas in a fashion similar to the tarantula hawk wasp. The fly lays its eggs on the tarantula, and when the eggs hatch, they burrow into the spider and eat it alive from the inside out. As the eggs turn into flies, they emerge, bursting the spider's abdomen and killing it. Tiny mites also feed on tarantulas but don't typically cause death.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.454248
Retrieved Text: Jiggers are small chigoe fleas that live in the dust, and are found on the dirt floors in schools and the homes of many families in Uganda and other similar climates. These parasitic insects cling to livestock and transfer jiggers into homes primarily in rural areas.
The female jiggers burrow into the surface of skin that has been exposed to the flea. Once embedded in the body, the jigger lays eggs and creates up to pea-size egg sacks and continues to multiply by laying more eggs. These wounds are painful, and cause difficulties for victims in daily activities such as walking, playing, and attending school. The infection can lead to severe inflammation, ulceration and fibrosis. While jiggers in small numbers are not deadly, the secondary infections (gangrene, tetanus and other diseases) caused by jiggers can be fatal. It ca also cause lymphangitis, gangrene, sepsis, and the loss of toenails, amputation of the digits, and death may also occur.
The female jiggers burrow into the skin, usually of the hands and feel, and lay egg sacks which can grow up to the size of a pea. The fleas continue to multiply by laying more eggs, causing an infection which leads the body to become ulcerated and inflamed. Victims often lose their toenails and are forced to have their digits amputated.
There is also a social stigma and shame associated with the victims of joggers which causes them to hide the problem, making it worse.
Jiggers also burrow into the skin of animals like dogs, cats, rats, pigs, cattle and sheep, so

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.412676
Retrieved Text: Rootworms are the larvae of beetles. They fall into two groups: clover rootworms and northern corn rootworms. The former species is found throughout the U.S. and southern Canada. The adult is light brown, oval, and 1/5" long. It lays its eggs at the base of a variety of host plants, including apple, beans, corn, grape, melon, potato, and strawberries. The whitish, plump larvae then burrow into the roots and chew the smaller ones. Adult beetles can cause minor damage to hosts by chewing long, curved or zigzag marks in leaves. Clover rootworms can be controlled by thorough fall cultivation, which should effectively destroy overwintering larvae.
Northern corn rootworms are found primarily in the north central United States, where crops of its favored hosts (corn and grain) are abundant. The adult is bright green to yellowish green, sometimes with a brown head. It is 1/3" long and fast moving. It lays its yellow eggs on the ground near corn roots. The larvae are thin, wrinkled white worms with brown heads that can grow up to 1/2" long. They burrow into the roots of their hosts, doing considerable damage. Fortunately, the grubs can be effectively controlled with regular crop rotation.
Adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera). The larvae bore into roots of Malus, Carya, Prunus, Castanea, Maclura, Populus, Tilia, and Pyrus and cause dieback and death.
Front view of an adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera).
Close-up of front of an adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera).
Click a link in the site map below to see other "Pests and Problems" pages.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.36711
Retrieved Text: There’s a number of bot fly species and each one is adapted for a particular mammal. You get them all over the world, and in parts of Africa there is even a Human Bot Fly.
The mature fly lays its egg on a horse fly or a mosquito or something and these eggs get carried to a human where they drop off on their skin. The eggs hatch and the larvae – THE FLESH EATING MAGGOTS – then burrow down through your skin into your body… and just keep munching and munching away, not tiny things on the surface but HALF INCH LONG – AND JUST AS ROUND – AND THEY’RE BURROWING IN DEEP.
And they eat and eat and eat for weeks and weeks until they feel like turning into flies which is when they tunnel straight back out again.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.794037
Retrieved Text: The bot (stomach worm) is not a worm but the larvae of Gasterophilus flies.
The adult horse bot fly emerges a during the summer or fall season. After the fly emerges from the pupa, it quickly finds a mate, lays the eggs on the horse's coat and, on grooming, the eggs make their way to the mouth where they hatch in mouth as larvae.
Over winter the larvae burrow into the stomach lining (where they spend 8-10 months) and are then passed out via the faeces and will hatch in the summer.
Significant trauma and ulceration of the stomach can occur following infection.
Disease is also caused by the larvae in mouth. Larvae here create borrowing holes, which in turn become infected. The 3rd stage larvae are passed in the faeces and over winters to develop the following summer.
Infected horses can often show no signs, which is why treatment should be given over the winter months to kill them.
Which Actives Treat Bots (Stomach Worms)?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.798111
Retrieved Text: The surgeon was correct: Doctors used local anesthesia and a 5 millimeter incision to remove the object beneath the woman’s skin, which was identified as a human botfly larva — essentially, a maggot — by a pathology lab. By the time the woman came back for a follow-up appointment a week later, the lesion was “completely resolved,” researchers said.
But what is a botfly?
It’s a bug that’s rare in the United States, but more commonly found in the tropics. The insect lays its eggs on animals like flies or mosquitoes. Those insects become hosts, carrying the human botfly eggs to human skin — the warmth of which hatches the eggs into larvae, researchers said. The larvae then burrow into the human skin, where they live for 27 to 128 days, causing itching in their hosts.
After its stay beneath the skin, the adult larva “drops to the ground where it pupates for between 27 and 78 days before maturing into an adult botfly. The adult form of the human botfly is rarely seen and ranges between 1 and 3 cm long,” researchers wrote.
A fully-grown human botfly looks somewhat like a bumblebee, and is large with thick hair, according to the University of Florida entomology department.
Not all human botfly infestations require a surgeon to intervene, though: Communities in the tropics that are more acquainted with the pests have their own home remedies, the case report authors said.
The authors said skin problems are one of the medical issues travelers are most likely to bring home with them after visiting developing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.697332
Retrieved Text: The Detroit Zoo is one of only five U.S. zoos that provides a home to the mountain chicken frog. It can be seen at the award-winning National Amphibian Conservation Center – a leader in amphibian conservation and research – which houses a spectacular diversity of frogs, toads, salamanders, newts and caecilians.
Mountain chicken frogs are among the largest frog species, with adults growing up to 8 inches long and weighing up to 2 pounds. These large frogs have various types of camouflage; their chestnut-brown color can come in spots or stripes, while their bellies are a dark yellow. A black line often runs from their snouts to the angle of their mouth. Once abundant in six of the Caribbean islands, the species is now confined to just Dominica and Montserrat.
The calls of the mountain chicken frogs are a very loud "wooop" which can be heard both day and night.
The mountain chicken frogs are foam nesters. During breeding, foam nests are built by whipping up body secretions; the thick foam nests are where eggs are laid and tadpoles develop. Both parents guard the nests until froglets emerge. The females routinely rebuild the foam back up as tadpoles develop, and lays infertile eggs for the developing tadpoles to eat.
While many other frogs reproduce in water, these frogs lay their eggs in a burrow about 20 inches in the ground. Breeding occurs in April, toward the end of the dry season.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.274097
Retrieved Text: Aenetus virescens (Puriri moth) is a moth endemic to the North Island of New Zealand. It is New Zealand's largest moth, with a wingspan of up to 150 mm.
A fertilised female moth lays up to 2000 eggs over forest floor litter. After about 14 days caterpillars hatch and live on the underside of fungal fruiting bodies. This stage lasts for 2 to 3 months. At the end of this phase, the caterpillars climb and bore through the bark into the wood of the trunk or a branch of a tree. Host plants include native, naturalised, and cultivated species. It gets it name because one of the main host trees is the Puriri tree (Vitex lucens).
The caterpillars form a distinctive seven-shaped tunnel. The top of the ‘seven’ follows the radius of the trunk/branch and slopes upwards. The longer part of the burrow descends vertically and is where the caterpillar rests. The opening of the burrow and the area used for feeding are not usually visible, as they are covered with a silk covering that mimics the bark.
The tree phase caterpillars graze on live callus tissue that develops around the opening of the burrow. A mature caterpillar can grow to about 100 mm long and 15 mm in diameter. Caterpillars during this phase can live up to eight months or as long as five years.
When the caterpillar has reached full size it pupates. Pupation occurs every month from March to November. Pupal duration can be up to 173 days. When the moth is ready to emerge, the pupa

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.781082
Retrieved Text: The Gopher Tortoise has a brown, gray or black carapace, and yellow or tan underside (plastron). Hatchlings are lighter in color. Males have a concave plastron, while females have a flat plastron. Males have longer tails than females. Gopher tortoise males have two rounded scent glands under the chin to mark territory. Gopher Tortoise belong to the genus Gopherus - the only genus of tortoises native to North America.
The Gopher Tortoise spends most of its time in burrows under the ground. The burrows are dug in dry sandhills, flatwoods, prairies or coastal dunes.
Gopher tortoises are herbivores. They eat mainly grasses. Also eats berries, fruit, and some carrion.
Gopher tortoises mate in late spring, during April and May. The female lays 3 - 15 eggs in a sandy mound near the burrow. The eggs hatch after 70-100 days. Hatchlings reach maturity after 10-15 years of age.
The Gopher Tortoise is native to the coastal plains of the United States. They are most common in Florida, and are also found in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, south eastern South Carolina.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.666504
Retrieved Text: The world’s 5,800 lizard species inhabit every continent except Antarctica, utilizing habitats as diverse as caves, creeks and the rainforest canopy. Many species dig in the dirt, for specific purpose, at some point in their lives. Even species such as chameleons, which are adapted to living in the trees, dig holes in the dirt to deposit their eggs. Depending on the species, a lizard may go under the dirt to deposit eggs, thermoregulate or avoid predators.
Lizards get underground by digging a burrow, entering an existing burrow or pushing directly into and under the substrate. Many have morphological adaptations to facilitate these behaviors. Virtually all terrestrial or fossorial lizards will opportunistically use existing burrows; but those who dig extensive burrows usually have powerful limbs and stocky body plan. Some species have wedge-shaped heads and smooth scales to reduce friction and allow them to push their heads into loose substrates like sand.
Lizards deposit their eggs in sheltered places such as rotten or hollow logs, tree hollows, soil or leaf litter, and under rocks. By burying their eggs in dirt, the females provide the eggs more protection from predation -- though some are still lost to predators capable of sniffing out their location. The location requires careful selection by the mother. The temperature and moisture level surrounding the eggs will determine the viability, and sometimes the genders, of the eggs in the clutch.
Many lizards burrow into the substrate to avoid the attention of predators; some species are capable of digging fast enough to escape by burrowing. The streamlined bodies

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.580338
Retrieved Text: A parasite is an organism that receives sustenance by preying on other organisms. Many species of insects are parasitic and prey on human blood and skin. Parasites that can temporarily survive without a host frequently reside in homes for extended periods of time before people notice their presence. There are several species of insect that live in hair, skin, carpets and homes that prey on people and can fly or jump.
Several species of louse, including the head louse, crab louse and hog louse, feed on mammals' blood. Head lice are a common childhood parasite and crab lice primarily infest the pubic hair after sexual contact. Lice can live in carpets, hairbrushes and clothing fibers for brief periods of time, but must find a host in order to survive. Typically less than one-eighth an inch in length, these tiny insects are difficult to detect. Though most lice do not fly, they can jump and travel on hair shafts. Some subspecies of lice have wings and can fly short distances.
Chigoes, members of the flea order Diptera, are approximately one-sixteenth an inch long. They live in the southern United States and can survive for brief periods of time in carpets and in homes. They prey on a variety of animals, notably humans and dogs, by burrowing into their host's skin. They are most commonly found living under toenails, between toes and on the soles of their host's feet, and where they leave painful sores. Many people being parasitized by these pests mistakenly believe they have a foot fungus or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.296692
Retrieved Text: Named after the giant adversary of the cunning David, Goliath, the African Goliath beetles are the largest and the heaviest insects on earth today. They are the first species classified as 'beetles'. They have been walking the earth since the past 300 million years. They belong to the scarab family and are a part of the subfamily Cetoniinae. These beetles are mainly found in the tropical region of Africa. Not only are they the heaviest insects and beetles, they can also carry relatively huge weights. They are also excellent climbers and fliers, despite their weight.
Here is some basic information about this interesting creature.
Though there are beetles that are longer than it, it's the Goliath which takes the top position in the size charts, and that's because of their heavy weight. These beetles have a first pair of wings called the elytra. These protect the second pair of soft, membranous wings and also the abdomen. The male beetles have Y-shaped horns on their head, which they use to fight with other males over territory or mates. The females do not have any horns, but have a wedge-shaped head, which helps them burrow and lay their eggs. These beetles can be found in different colors, such as black, blue, gold, and bronze. The length of the male beetle varies from 2.5 - 4.2 inches, while the females are usually 2.1 - 3.4 inches long.
They are mainly found in the tropical regions of Africa―mainly in the temperate southeastern parts of Africa―and in the equatorial rainforests. Warm temperatures are optimal

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.294403
Retrieved Text: The black vine weevil (Otiorhynchus sulcatus) is a common pest in many garden and nursery plants. Feeding damage by adults and their grubs have been observed in many berry crops as well.
Adult weevils feed at night producing telltale notches around the edges of leaves and flowers. The damage is most severe when caused by their voracious grubs. As soon as they hatch, they start feeding on little roots. As they grow, they gradually attack bigger roots, tubers, rootstocks and even strip bark from woody stems. Damaged plants wilt and die off. Sometimes, it takes a long time before damage is discovered. At that moment, the plant is often already severely weakened and beginning to die off. Slow growing plants, which are unable to compensate for loss of root tissue are most susceptible to damage.
Adult black vine weevils are 8-12 mm long, have a grooved, dull black shell with patches of tiny yellow bristles. As they are well camouflaged and only active at night, they are seldom seen. If they are discovered, they play dead very convincingly. Adults emerge from the soil from spring onwards. They are wingless but walk and climb exceedingly well. Females hatch from unfertilized eggs though no males have not been found. Freshly emerged females feed for about ten days, and then start laying unfertilized eggs. Each female lays about 500 eggs, which are very small (0.8 mm) and round. Initially, these eggs are white, but they turn brown as they mature. Adults are relatively long-lived and egg-laying can extend well until autumn.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.751299
Retrieved Text: Nature Rambling: What You Can Do with Poo?
What You Can Do with Poo?
reluctantly agreed that tool use was not uniquely human, but that it certainly was restricted to the great apes, mankind’s closest relatives. Then ornithologists reported that many birds engaged in activities considered to be tool use; e.g., the Galapagos woodpecker finch shapes twigs and cactus spines to pry insects out of their hiding places. Other birds use rocks to break open ostrich eggs and several herons throw objects onto the water surface to attract their fish prey. And now the Burrowing Owl can join the tool using club.
True to its name, the Burrowing Owl inhabits burrows in pastures, rangeland, golf courses and other open spaces with low or sparse vegetation. Unlike other owls it is active during the day and night and can be seen standing in or near the opening of its burrow. In the west they are primarily found in prairie dog towns; in the east they were formerly found in pastures and golf courses inhabited by ground squirrels. Some populations still survive in Florida. Like other small owls they feed on insects and small mammals.
In a colony of burrowing owls University of Florida researchers noticed a curious thing: the burrow entrances were “decorated” with mammalian dung. This was not an accident because when the investigators removed the dung it was soon replaced. But why? At least two possibilities suggest themselves: The odor of the dung might mask the presence of young owls or eggs from predators, or the dung could attract

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.464035
Retrieved Text: White grubs may be the most damaging turf insect pests in the United States. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Japanese beetle grubs alone cause an estimated $234 million in damage each year— $78 million for control costs and an additional $156 million for replacement of damaged turf.
Japanese beetle and masked chafer adults are attracted to turf with moist soil which means they are especially attracted to lawns that get watered during hot dry spells. During the feeding period, female beetles intermittently leave plants, burrow about 3" into the ground— usually into turf— and lay a few eggs. This cycle is repeated until the female lays 40 — 60 eggs. Moist soils are certainly easier to dig through than hard, dry soils. Eggs will dry up and die under very dry soil conditions. The eggs also die when soil temperatures are around 90°F. Higher soil temperatures are typically associated with drier soils, as well as high air temperatures.
Lawns having numerous white grubs soon will show signs of injury. If browned areas haven't recovered once cool evenings return with adequate moisture check for white grubs 1" — 2" below the surface. Damaged grass areas will typically just peel back when pulled or raked. When the grass is pulled back you'll probably notice one or two white grubs, but with a little scratching, you'll soon uncover quite a few. The threshold for lawn damage is 5 - 6 grubs per sq. ft. which means that if you have more than 5 grubs in a square foot area,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.455654
Retrieved Text: Katharine Merow asks what’s buzzing around in the head of the Sphex wasp.
Folks who think about thinking for a living have a favorite genus of wasp. These cognitive scientists and philosophers of mind dig those insects whose scientific names begin with Sphex: Sphex ichneumoneus, Sphex diabolicus, and what I presume to be the king of them all, Sphex rex. Laymen, who prefer English descriptions of insects to the invocation of Linnaean Latin, call these six-legged stingers ‘digger wasps’ or ‘cicada killers’. There are over 130 known species.
They have delicately-furred thoraxes that taper to the original wasp waists. The sun penetrates their fragile wings, glints golden off their stippled heads, lends a reflective sheen to their compound eyes. The insects excavate underground burrows as tunneled and chambered as the pyramids at Giza. They stalk, attack, and deal slow, numb death to crickets, katydids, cicadas. This digging and killing by which the wasps distinguish themselves is woman’s work, undertaken in preparation for egg-laying, so people who study Sphex most appreciate the females.
In Mechanical Man: The Physical Basis of Intelligent Life (1969), Dean Wooldridge describes the expectant mother at her gene-propagating labors: “When the time comes for egg laying, the wasp Sphex builds a burrow for the purpose and seeks out a cricket which she stings in such a way as to paralyze but not kill it. She drags the cricket into the burrow, lays her eggs alongside, closes the burrow, then flies away, never to return.” An absentee parent, yes; but one who has left her children well

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.130249
Retrieved Text: Digging is such a common turtle behavior that it’s easy to not notice your pregnant turtle is digging in preparation to lay her eggs. For a turtle breeder, it’s important to recognize nest-digging and to take steps to ensure the survival of the eggs.
Box turtles are terrestrial turtles native to North America. The two major species are the common box turtle and the ornate box turtle. The first species includes subspecies the eastern box turtle, the three-toed box turtle, the Florida box turtle and the Gulf Coast box turtle. All of these turtles share traits and habits, including the ability to shut themselves completely inside their shells when threatened.
Box turtles love to dig and burrow, and they do so for many reasons. In the winter, they dig down and stay buried all season long while they hibernate. Similarly, during the hottest summer months, they will bury themselves and go into a state of semi-hibernation known as brumation. But even nonhibernating turtles like to hide; they will often bury themselves to sleep, whether in the wild or in outdoor or indoor habitats.
With so much digging, you'll have to be discerning to determine whether a digging turtle is a pregnant turtle who is digging her nest. One sign to that she's pregnant is digging with her back feet and backing into the hole, as opposed to digging with her forelegs and going in head-first. Meanwhile, unlike a turtle who is simply burrowing, a nesting turtle will spend time on the nest, packing the soil to create walls and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.054976
Retrieved Text: Park visitors are sometimes surprised and startled to see a large black snake resting on a branch up in a tree. Black rat snakes are excellent climbers and can even climb a large mature tree trunk without branches. They are Ohio’s largest snake, typically four to six feet in length but have been reported up to eight feet. Juvenile snakes have a pattern of dark blotches, but as they age they become glossy black all over with a white throat and chin.
Black rat snakes are nonvenomous. They are constrictors and suffocate their prey by wrapping around them and squeezing with powerful muscles. As their name indicates, they prey on rodents like mice and chipmunks, but also eat juvenile rabbits, songbirds and bird eggs. They have been known to devour several nests of eggs in purple martin colonies.
A female rat snake lays 12 to 20 eggs in late spring, which hatch in late summer. The lifespan of a wild snake is 10 to 15 years, but in captivity they may live up to 30 years. Typical predators include hawks, other snakes and humans. They spend the winter in groups with other snakes in a rocky crevice, called a hibernaculum. Warm early spring days can find rat snakes sunning themselves, often up in tree branches.
Black rat snakes are misunderstood and often the victims of ignorance and fear. They are generally timid and try to avoid confrontation. Their initial defense is lying still or moving away, but they may also coil up, rattle their tail and strike (acting like

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.024204
Retrieved Text: Once a human contracts the scabies "human itch" mite, he can be infested indefinitely as long as the condition goes untreated. The egg cycle of a female scabies mite is very short compared to her overall life cycle. Scabies eggs only exist for a short time, after which they hatch and go through two different incarnations before the adult mite is ready to breed and lay more eggs.
All it takes is one impregnated female scabies mite to cause an entire infestation on the human body. Once the female mite finds a suitable habitat on the human host--generally where the folds of the skin touch each other, such as the crooks of the elbow, webbing of the fingers, in between the shoulder blades, and under the breasts--she forms a "burrow," where she begins to lay her eggs.
Scabies eggs take between three and four days to hatch. Three-legged larvae emerge and make their way to the skin's surface, forming shorter burrows called "moulting pouches." The larval stage lasts between three or four days, after which the mite moults into a four-legged nymph.
The scabies nymph again moults--this time into an adult mite who is ready to breed. The innocuous male mites linger in shallow pits in the skin, biding their time and feeding off the human host. Once mite finds mate, the newly-impregnated louse creates a new burrow of her own and begins to lay eggs. Scabies mites live anywhere between one and two months, during which time they lay two or three eggs daily. However, only ten per

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.661926
Retrieved Text: Published on Jan 17, 2017 at 02:00p.m.
We want to take this opportunity to notify the citizens of Verona of a very destructive pest that will be affecting some of our local shade trees in the near future. The Emerald Ash Borer (Agrilus planipennis) is a very devastating insect pest to all Ash trees and the White Fringe Tree. At this point in time there aren't any natural controls here in North America.
The insect recently has reached Montclair, our neighbors to the east. So I would expect that the insect will be here in Verona this year.
Most of the Ash trees in town are on private property and wooded lots. It is recommended that homeowners contact local tree experts to assess their trees and to develop a plan of action. In Verona we have very few Ash trees as street trees.
The Emerald Ash Borer is a small greenish insect, 0.3 to 0.5 in length, which lays its eggs on the stem and branches of the Ash tree. The eggs then hatch and the larva burrow their way in to the cambium layer of the tree. This is where it feeds and develops. The channels that it makes while feeding disrupts the flow of water and nutrients though out the tree, killing the tree in two to four years.
If no action is taken then it is almost certain death to the Ash tree. The ash tree dies by drying out, its wood is brittle because the borers cut off the vessels that carry moisture out to the branches.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.550562
Retrieved Text: BeardedDragon.org - Members share videos with DIY directions, and also ideas on different styles, for creating a bearded dragon harness.
Ball-Pythons.net - Members discuss ways to make hides from clay or pottery.
BeardedDragon.org - Members share their ideas on how to prevent uneaten crickets from hiding in a bearded dragon cage.
TarantulasUS.com - Watch as a Haplopelma lividum (cobalt blue tarantula) lays down webbing and works on building a new burrow.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.121077
Retrieved Text: In an Australian Reptile Park first, a species considered “Vulnerable” on the IUCN’s Red List of Threatened Species has moved in and made the Australian Reptile Park its home. Six male red crowned toadlets have been discovered in the Park’s artificial frog pond, which was constructed in 2009 with the purpose of providing a home for frogs native to the area. The red crowned toadlet is a small species, reaching only 30mm in length and is characterised by the red “T” shaped mark on its head.
The species is usually found in the Sydney sandstone basin which is one of the most populated places in Australia, which has contributed heavily to the species demise. Another reason for the species “Vulnerable” status is the Chytrid fungus. The fungus attacks the parts of a frog’s skin that have keratin in them. Since frogs use their skin in respiration, this makes it difficult for the frog to breathe. The fungus also damages the nervous system, affecting the frog’s behaviour.
Interestingly, the red crowned toadlet is in the same family as of one of Australia’s most endangered frogs – the Corroboree frog. This family of frogs have a very interesting behavioural trait in which the male digs a little u-shaped burrow in the ground with his hind legs near a suitable water source. The female will come and find the male in the Winter, mate and then leaves the male while her eggs are fertalising. She will then return to the burrow to lay her eggs, but then she leaves again making

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.985651
Retrieved Text: One day I was out walking on my lunch hour, and as usual, I had my camera with me. Casing out the ground as I walked, I noticed something crawling around in the dirt, climbing in and out of small holes. At first, because of the coloring, I thought I had found a spider wasp. This thread-waisted wasp, however, turned out to be what is sometimes called a “Sand Lover” wasp. Instead of hunting spiders to feed to her young, she hunts and paralyzes caterpillars.
Ammophia originates from the Greek words ammos – sand, and phillia – lover. This Sand Lover is as gentle as a solitary wasp can be; she rarely stings and lacks the potent venom of social wasps such as yellow jackets or paper wasps. The Sand Lover is better known as “Digger Wasp” because of the way she excavates to make her underground nest.
Sand Digger Wasp near the entrance of her burrow.
After mating, female Sand Wasps work alone to construct their entire nest and do all of the foraging needed to feed their young. Sand Lovers dig tunnels in soil or sand, up to 24 inches deep, forming underground chambers to lay their eggs and provision the larvae with food.
Unlike Mud Dauber females who hunt for spiders, Sand Digger wasps prey upon caterpillars, sometimes twice their size! After creating a burrow, the female Digger wasp searches for a pebble large enough to cover the entrance to her nest. She then sets out on a hunt for caterpillars. The mother wasp is able to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.925879
Retrieved Text: ​The sale of the reward of merit fraktur at Pook and Pook completed by schoolmaster Johann Conrad Gilbert (1734-1812) who emigrated from Germany in 1757 and settled in Montgomery County Pennsylvania may have sparked an interest to our readers as to how the bunny or rabbit became an indelible symbol of Easter in colonial America. As it turns out so many times you must thank the Pennsylvania Dutch for this great contribution to our country. These are the German immigrants like Heinrich Gudehus who emigrated from Palatinate, Germany in the eighteenth century.
The concept of the the holiday Easter or the Easter bunny was foreign to Quakers, Episcopalians, Catholics, and Presbyterians. It was shunned in the beginning by these religions. For the children of the Pennsylvania Dutch Easter was a great of a pleasure as Christ Kindle on Christmas Eve.
The custom of of supplying children with colored eggs in Easter day is a growing one here, although it has not been many years since it was almost an unknown feature of the Easter observance in West Chester. The custom is a German one, introduced into this country in its earliest history and ever since then has been steadily growing in favor among all classes in every part of the country until now it can almost be termed a National custom.
In the Presbyterian church there was an avoidance of any celebration of the Easter festival.
I live in the country, but on last Good-Friday was at Reading, and was surprised to see so many persons going to church. Easter

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.412006
Retrieved Text: Detailing the physical features, habits, territorial reach and other identifying qualities of the California Trapdoor Spider.
An arachnid version of the Jack-in-the-Box toy, California Trapdoor Spiders are not at all amusing to the prey they startle.
California Trapdoor Spiders are native to Southern California. In many ways, they resemble smaller versions of tarantulas, but with shiny, hairless bodies. The whole spider is black except for the rusty brown abdomen. The large, round cephalothorax has a deep dimple in the center of it. The chelicerae (jaws) have spines on them that help this species with digging underground burrows. As is the case with most spiders, the female California Trapdoor spider is larger than the male. Males search for females during the winter months. Females lay their fertilized eggs at the bottom of the burrow. Once spiderlings hatch, they leave the burrow, sometimes sooner rather than later thanks to heavy spring rains.
These burrows can be more than 7 or 8 inches deep and serve as both a home and a trap. The top of the burrow opening is covered with a silk door that is hinged. As the years pass, spiders add more silk webbing to their doors. They may also collect debris and loose leaf litter, helping to camouflage its existence. Burrows are usually built into hillsides or cliff-faces, often facing direct sunlight for ambient warmth and usually near vegetation that is likely to attract insects. Under this door, the spider waits and, when it senses oncoming prey, it quickly lunges out of its burrow and catches the prey

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.296837
Retrieved Text: * Butterflies can taste with their legs.
* Butterflies have 6 legs.
* Butterflies drink nectar from flowers.
* Butterflies have two antennas.
* Butterflies lays their eggs milkweed plants.
*Butterflies have a long thin tube on their head.
*When a butterfly eggs hatches it hatches upside down.
*The smallest butterfly is the Western Pigmy.
What are some new facts you learnt about butterflies?
What are facts you know about the butterfly’s life cycle?
What was your favourite part of the Minibeast Investigation Lab?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.970152
Retrieved Text: The Queen Ant is one of the several villains from the 1985 or 1986 Australian movie, Dot & Keeto (the others being a magpie, Nasty the Wasp and a spider). She had her soldiers, the bulldog ants, imprison the insect sized Dot, and make her their "prisoner of war" after she was presented to the queen herself (which plays her song and what she does, including laying eggs in the royal pouch). She later appeared near the end giving the human sized dot a moaning scowl during the insect comment parade in the song Red Kangaroo.
The eggs she lays during her song.
From the song, the queen ant lays different worker bulldog ants depending on the days: Butchers on mondays, Bakers on Tuesdays, Poemmakers on Wednesdays, Doctors on Thursdays, Princesses on Fridays and Firemen on Weekends and Holidays.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.959211
Retrieved Text: Burrowing Owls - There are more of these cute little birds in Cape Coral than any other location in the world!
Known as the official bird of Cape Coral, the owls live in 8' tunnels in the ground, called burrows.
If you've driven around the Cape, you may have seen their nests in empty lots or center islands on the various boulevards around town.
The nests are usually identified by 4 white stakes surrounding a perch.
Many out-of-towners have mistaken the posts for the markings of traffic fatalities. Thankfully, that's not the case, otherwise, we might be considered the worst drivers in the world!
The Cape Coral owls, which are about 10" high and the size of a robin, like to nest in open sandy fields with some grass and weeds for shade, and protection from the heat.
The perches serve 2 purposes, the owls like to be elevated , and the burrows are more visible to lawn mowers.
Once you put lawn grass down in your yard, owls will not be able to dig a burrow, since the grass is too coarse.
Nesting season lasts from March - May, during dry season when flooding of the burrows is not a problem.
Before egg-laying starts, adult owls decorate their burrows with cigarette butts, animal dung, paper, and any other debris they can find to scare away predators such as snakes, skunks, opossums, and pets.
Females lay up to 8 eggs and incubate their eggs for 28 days. About 4-6 of the eggs hatch, and 3 will survive. The chicks remain in the burrow for another 2

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.83535
Retrieved Text: These free printable Easter bunny coloring pages online are fun as they take your child on an adventure just before the start of the festival of Easter. The snippets of information provided will also make the activity interesting, as it highlights some useful information regarding the bunny. Therefore, this set of Easter bunny coloring pages to print should be fun for your kids to engage in.
Here you see the Easter bunny dreaming about the Easter egg.
Do let us know which of these Easter bunny coloring pictures your child loved the most and if some were used around the house.
This picture showcases a happy bunny walking with an Easter basket in tow.
This picture showcases a bunny with eggs surrounded by flowers.
This picture showcases a group of bunnies delivering eggs to a home.
The Easter Bunny coloring pages printable show the Easter Bunny in a number of different avatars. These Easter bunny coloring sheets are cute and adorable and will bring a smile to your kid’s face as he will have the liberty to use a range of bright hues for all the pictures.
The cute Easter bunny carries the magic of little children in his heart. As long as little children love him, he will continue coming back to deliver eggs to them.This image, when colored can be used as a poster for your kid’s bedroom.
Ask him to use a wide selection of bright hues for this picture to make it really stand out.
The Easter bunny comes out of his burrow the night before Easter to deliver eggs.This picture

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.79254
Retrieved Text: The Marbled Snout-Burrower pretty much just lives everywhere in Africa that is lower than the Sahara Desert. These frogs are adept at living underground in burrows. They even lay their eggs in burrows underground. They dig underground head first, which is rare since most dig with their hind legs.
Mating for the frogs starts when it starts to rain. The male calls out to the female frogs like most frog species. Males start the amplexus on the female frog while the female still has to dig a burrow for the eggs. The male does the usually stuff and leaves his mate after breeding. The females sit on their eggs to keep them moist. The rain continues to fall during the time the female sits on the eggs over days and eventually the tadpoles hatch and the water level raises enough for the tadpoles to move toward bigger bodies of water. The mother also helps them along the way.

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "How do platypus lay eggs?" and the following answer choices: 
- epidermis and dermis
 - on a flat plane
 - in a tree
 - fur and fat
 - during the day
 - it keeps an organism warm
 - in a dug out area
 - in the water

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and burrows dug by badgers are also important in many areas, choose the best answer.

Target Text: in a dug out area

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.641926
Retrieved Text: For the uninitiated, echidnas are a rare type of mammal known as a “monotreme,” which are distinguished by the fact that they lay eggs.
Along with the platypus, the four species of echidna—found in Australia, Tasmania, and New Guinea—are the only known monotremes left on the planet. And like their platypus cousins, echidnas also look like mash-up creatures.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.02967
Retrieved Text: Free Platypus coloring page. Online and Printable. All sorts of free coloring pages to color in online, or print out and use crayons, markers, and paints. Coloring pages for kids of all ages, from preschoolers, right up to older children - and adults too! The platypus is a really strange animal! Although they are mammals, they lay eggs. They find their prey (such as crayfish) by sensing its electric field. Males have a venomous spur.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.237953
Retrieved Text: ﻿When the first platypus pelt arrived at London's Natural History Museum in the late 1790's, it was thought to be a fake made from bits of animals sewn together. This unusual mammal has a leathery bill, webbed feet, and fur, and it is one of only three mammals that lay eggs. Its body length is about eighteen inches, and its broad, flat tail is about seven inches long. The reclusive platypus spends most of its time in streams, rivers, and some lakes, foraging for food in the evening and sleeping during the day in burrows dug into the river banks.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.729925
Retrieved Text: The Zoo’s Marvellous Easter trail runs over the Easter weekend and is all about baby mammals. This particular mammal, the echidna, lives in Australia and New Guinea. The only mammals in the entire world that lay eggs are the platypus and four species of echidnas.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.170008
Retrieved Text: The 1989 coin set features the then new $2 coin replacing the old paper deciaml note.
The coins truly celebrate Australia's natural heritage and pay tribute to our oldest natural inhabitants. The feather tail glider, the frill necked lizard, the spiny ant eater, the lyre bird, the platypus, the kangaroo and the emu are joined by Australia's earliest human inhabitant the aborigine.
The platypus (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) is a semi-aquatic mammal endemic to eastern Australia, including Tasmania. Together with the four species of echidna, it is one of the five extant species of monotremes, the only mammals that lay eggs instead of giving birth to live young. It is the sole living representative of its family (Ornithorhynchidae) and genus (Ornithorhynchus), though a number of related species have been found in the fossil record. The unusual appearance of this egg-laying, venomous, duck-billed, beaver-tailed, otter-footed mammal baffled European naturalists when they first encountered it, with some considering it an elaborate fraud. It is one of the few venomous mammals, the male platypus having a spur on the hind foot that delivers a venom capable of causing severe pain to humans. The unique features of the platypus make it an important subject in the study of evolutionary biology and a recognisable and iconic symbol of Australia; it has appeared as a mascot at national events and is featured on the reverse of the Australian 20 cent coin. The platypus is the animal emblem of the state of New South Wales. Until the early 20th century, it was hunted for its fur, but

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.35582
Retrieved Text: Description Description:Striped Skunks are famous for releasing a foul, strong smelling musk, secreted from the rear end whenever threatened. They are easily to recognize with all black fur that has one white stripe on its nape and a thin one running from forehead to snout. Description:The duck billed platypus lives in Tasmania and eastern Australia. It is among the rare sort of mammals that lay eggs. It has otter-like feet, a duck-like bill, and a beaver-like tail. They locate prey by electric fields. Males have poisonous spikes that are very painful to humans.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.318802
Retrieved Text: The platypus is a semi-aquatic mammal (it lives in and out of water) native to Australia, and is a very strange looking creature which seems to be made up of parts of many other animals: a duck's bill, a beaver's tail, an otter's feet - and it lays eggs!
Fun fact: the male platypus has a venomous spur on his back foot which causes severe pain to humans, so stay out of his way!
Have some fun with our platypus activities for kids. We have useful notebooking page and mini booklet - part of a set of Australian animals - as well as a platypus template. We also have new colouring pages and printables for younger children in the pipeline. Browse our resources below.
The duck-billed platypus is one of Australia's strangest creatures! Find out what you can about it then print out our mini booklets to use to write it all down! Choose from lined or blank booklets and then just click the links below to download and print.
Colour in this picture of a platypus - just one of a set of more "realistic" colouring pages of Australian animals for older children.
Have you ever coloured a platypus before? This one is great for younger children with lots of big areas to colour.
Kids will be much more confident in writing and spelling the word "platypus" when they've had a go at this fun worksheet. Why not colour in the picture too?
This platypus lacing card just makes me want to smile! This is a brilliant first introduction to sewing for

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.999058
Retrieved Text: I am a big believer in children having the opportunity to read a variety of types of books, especially Non Fiction. When choosing books for the Smarty Arty Aussie Animals kit I knew that it was most important to have non fiction books so that children could learn facts about the animals they made. Reading Non Fiction books gives them a good knowledge base and an understanding of the animals around us.
After I had chosen this book Emu by Claire Saxby & illustrated by Graham Byrne, I was privileged to meet lovely author Claire and she has a real talent for writing books about Australian Animals. The reason I chose this book is because it has a story and facts about Emus and is perfect for pairing with your Emu Aussie Animals craft. The differentiation between the story and the factual information is through the type of font. Let me just add before going further that all the information is factual, it is just some of it is written in story mode.
The story is about an Emu and his mate and how their babies go from eggs to, being dependent on their parents to protect and teach them about being safe, finding food, and keeping them warm at night. The factual information gives an overview of emus, their habitats, their eggs, about predators and other interesting information about the life of Emu’s.
Read the story first then go back and read the factual information.
Read both the story and facts in one sitting so your child can relate

########
Rank: 8
Score: 23.854134
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just getting into chickens or have had them for a while, you may think that eggs come in just one or two colors. Usually, when you think of chicken eggs, you think of white eggs or brown eggs. However, did you know that there are chickens that lay blue eggs?
When we first found out that there are blue egg chickens we HAD to have some – IMMEDIATELY. I mean, how cool to have a different, fun color in your egg basket, right? We ran out to find out right away what chickens lay blue eggs.
There are so many different chicken breeds out there that I guess it shouldn’t be too terribly surprising that there are some chickens that lay blue eggs. However, I still get excited when we go out to collect eggs and get some brilliantly colored blue eggs.
Chickens That Lay Blue Eggs – How do they do it?
Ok, so you may wonder, for chickens that lay blue eggs – how do they do it? Afterall, the majority of chickens do lay white or brown eggs. So, what makes a blue egg chicken different?
Without getting too “scienc-y”, chickens that lay blue eggs basically deposit that blue color onto the eggs.
You might be interested to know that all chickens eggs start out as white (source). Chickens that lay white eggs just simply lay the eggs in that original form.
Chickens that lay blue eggs start with a white egg and basically puts on a pigment, called oocyanin onto the white egg turning it into

########
Rank: 9
Score: 23.795183
Retrieved Text: Hi I’m going to tell you a bit about Australia.
Capital of New South Wales is Sydney. Capital of Victoria is Melbourne. Capital of Western Australia is Perth. Capital of the Northern Territories is Darwin and last Capital of Queensland is Brisbane.
Facts = Australia is one of the biggest countries – Australians are called Aussies – when it is Winter in the UK, it is Summer in Australia, so Aussies celebrate Christmas on the Beach!!!!!
I’m going to tell you some of Australia’s animals. There is kangaroos, wallabies, koalas, Tasmanian wolfs, Tasmanian devils ,wombat and the duck bill platypus are all mammals. The duck bill platypus is the only mammal to lay eggs.
Now I’m going to tell you a bit about Cook the founder of Australia. In 1769, lieutenant James Cook in command of the HMS Endeavour, traveled to Tahiti to observe and record of the transit of Venus. he was on a another mission, sent by the Admiralty his instructions were to find a southern Continent. On 19Th of April 1770 the crew sighted the east cost of Australia.
Hears some Australia geography.This lot is on the grate barrier reef. Its 1,205 miles at a off shore distance ranging from 10 to 100 miles. The great Barrier reef is located just off Queensland in the coral sea. Australia is located in the southern hemisphere, meaning its on the bottom half of the world. That’s why it’s sometimes called Down Under!
Hers some facts on the didgeridoo. The didgeridoo is the worlds oldest musical instrument. It is made a hollow

########
Rank: 10
Score: 23.793537
Retrieved Text: This week, facts about... the platypus, a creature both whimsical and fickle enough to be the mascot of early spring.
CURWOOD: March 21st, aah, the first day of spring. So the promise is for warm days, with a bit of sleet and snow on the side sometimes if we live far enough north. The season is in constant flux, and if it had a mascot it might just be the platypus. This contradictory character, aptly named "the wingless wonder," is as whimsical as the first days of spring. The platypus lays eggs, but it suckles its young; has the bill of a duck but doesn't fly; walks like a reptile, swims like a fish, and has poison glands on its legs like some amphibians. Its classification took more than 85 years, as scientists fought to solve the mystery of its evolution. Some even dismissed the descriptions of the animal as a hoax. But the furry creature does indeed live. Its home is the freshwater of Australia, where it spends most of its life underwater hunting for food. The platypus uses its bill as a microphone to pick up the heartbeat of its prey. Today, scientists study the platypus in efforts to understand evolution, but Mother Nature has already given us the answer with springtime. Sometimes, she's just plain fickle. And for this week, that's the Living on Earth Almanac.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 23.118498
Retrieved Text: Scientists are trying to prove the existence of various forms of life through the theory of evolution. However, there are many exceptions to this theory which shake the very foundation of the theory.
Most evolutionists claim that life began in the sea. Since they have generally agreed that life began in the sea, they insist that ALL living forms "gradually" found their way from the sea to the land and to the air.
Let us consider the case of the dolphins. Evolutionists say, "The past of the whales is extremely obscure. All we know is that sometime....some smallish, four-footed land animals began a series of extraordinary rapid evolutionary changes. In the geologically short span of 50 million years they learned to swim instead of walk, and to reproduce offspring which were able to swim from the moment they left the womb."
But did they really do all this? Can it be proven? Is there any fossil evidence? Are these ideas accurate? How could they "gradually" change in such a drastic manner? What caused these changes? We are told in positive terms that these creatures evolved from land animals. What kind of land animals? No one knows where is the evidence? It is non-existent. No fossil remains of the land ancestors of the whale (dolphin) have been discovered as yet! It is non-existent. Missing.
One evolutionist admitted. "As the science of oceanography progresses, we may find the whale's complete skeletal record on the ocean's bottom. Until then the guesses are further apart than those for man's evolutionary record."
Notice it carefully. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 23.108515
Retrieved Text: In this article, we look at how goldfish mate and the environmental conditions required to encourage goldfish mating. [Read more…] about How do goldfish mate?
Goldfish breeding is not an easy task. Unlike livebearers, such as guppies, goldfish can be relatively difficult to breed in captivity.
In order to breed successfully, goldfish need their usual quality care – including plenty of space, good nutrition and excellent water conditions – plus specific temperature changes to induce breeding.
Before commencing a goldfish breeding program, always think about the amount of tank or pond space available to you. Do you have room for new fry in addition to your existing fish? If not, don’t try to breed goldfish!
Do goldfish give birth to live young? Or do they lay eggs? Read on to find out… [Read more…] about Pregnant goldfish: Can goldfish get pregnant?
Do goldfish lay eggs? Goldfish lay lots of eggs!
It’s one of our favorite goldfish facts that a female goldfish can lay several thousand eggs in one spawning!
However, before you get too excited and look forward to breeding goldfish, we should point out that it’s very difficult to raise goldfish to maturity, breed a male and a female, and have the female lay eggs all within a home aquarium.
In order to encourage goldfish to mate and have the female lay eggs, you’ll need quite a big tank, lots of plants, the right temperature, and your goldfish will usually need to be a few years old.
You won’t be surprised to hear that goldfish eggs don’t look like the eggs in this picture!
Goldfish

########
Rank: 13
Score: 23.046722
Retrieved Text: Melissa is the kind of girl that finds certain things cute: puppies, bunnies, kitties, babies, etc. One thing that she finds extra cute that many others- girls and guys- alike don’t find so cute? Sharks.
The crested bullhead shark (Heterodontus galeatus) is definitely in the top of her, “What sharks Melissa finds cute” list.
These cute critters are seen off the eastern coast of Australia (figures… they have adorable quokkas, the platypus, kangaroos and koalas, of course they get a cute shark). However, they’re an uncommon resident in the bullhead shark family (Heterodontidae), seen anywhere from the coast to 93 m (305 ft). They are rather small (only reaching a max length of 1.2 m/ 4 ft), have large ridges above their eyes and sport a large, blotchy pattern throughout their body. They are nocturnal bottom-dwellers who favor rocky reefs and highly vegetative areas.
"Do they like eating sea grass?"
No! They hunt for sea urchins (Centrostephanus rodgersii and Heliocidaris erythrogramma) and other small critters like invertebrates and fishes. In fact, they even eat Port Jackson shark eggs! These nutrient-filled cases are a delightful treat for the crested bullhead, and are sometimes eaten whole or have the developing embryos sucked out. Good for the crested bullhead, not so much for the Port Jackson shark.
They are oviparous, and unlike the spiraled egg cases that the Port Jackson sharks lay, theirs are auger-shaped. These are secured to seaweed, coral, and sponges with their sticky tendrils.
The IUCN has listed these harmless sharks as Least Concern (LC), as it is rarely caught as bycatch

########
Rank: 14
Score: 23.016962
Retrieved Text: There are an abundance of activities for you to enjoy both on LarnOO, whether you are looking for adventure or to relax and recharge there is something for everyone!
At LarnOO there are plenty of farm roads and trails to explore. There are no rails, signs or barriers and experienced enthusiasts are advised to take all care and precautions. Please ensure you secure any gate you open on your travels.
Catch and release trout in one of our dams or the Goulburn River frontage.
There areYabbies in our dams, why not try your luck at catching delicious fresh water delicacy!
Swim in the pool, river or dams.
Relax on the lawn, balcony or verandah of your accommodation and enjoy a good book. Sit beside a bonfire and take in the surrounding country.
The distinctive and purposeful ‘rolling’ gait is just one if the endearing qualities that make these animals so popular. Also known as the ‘Spiny Ant-eater’ and ‘Short-beaked Echidna’, this species is found widely at LarnOO . If you see one at LarnOO be sure not to pick them up – as their spines are very sharp Echidna are 30 to 40 cm long and weight 2 to 5 kg their body is covered with spines about 5 cm long and fur as well between the spines. Echidna feed on ants, termites, grubs and worms. They use their fore paws to dig into ant nests and use their fast-moving tongues, which are covered with sticky mucus, to trap the ants. Echidna can live in most habitat types including the bush land

########
Rank: 15
Score: 22.900814
Retrieved Text: Graihagh Jackson and Chris Smith are celebrating 12 scientific days of Christmas with the help of Hugh Hunt, Alan Calverd and Eleanor Drinkwater.
Everyone sings: on the sixth day of Christmas my true love gave to me, six geese a laying, five gold rings, four calling birds, three French hens, two turtle doves, and a partridge in a pear tree.
Graihagh - So we are back to birds again. But this time not bird calls but bird eggs. Our producer this week, Caroline Steel, has put raw and uncooked chicken eggs in some vinegar for a few days and the results are interesting to say the least! We’ve got a couple here. It’s changed colour! There’s no shell on it anymore. It’s kind of squishy, a bit bouncy, I would say naked. Hugh - can you explain why it has gone all naked and bouncy?
Hugh - Well, the vinegar, it’s an acid; and the egg shell is made of calcium carbonate. And I remember learning at school that "acid plus carbonate gives salt, carbon dioxide and water". And as these eggs were sitting in the vinegar, there were bubbles of what must have been carbon dioxide on the outside. Now, all of that carbonate - all of that shell - has now gone, and it’s very "squidgy".
Graihagh - It is isn’t it? You're "squidging" it and I’m rather nervous you're going to break it.
Hugh - What’s left is that membrane. You know when you have a hard boiled egg, and you peel the hard boiled egg, there’s this

########
Rank: 16
Score: 22.83132
Retrieved Text: Platypus Evolution Hack use the game data and generate a Cheat Code, which you can use to get all purchases in the game for free. It's very cool because you don't need to spend money to get a different things in the game. Many top gamers use our Platypus Evolution Hack. But the best thing of this Platypus Evolution Hack is no download required. This is Cheat Code thats why you don't need to download any Platypus Evolution Hack Tool.
How to use this Platypus Evolution Hack?
Copy Platypus Evolution Cheat which is above.
In order to use Cheat Codes, we have created a small instruction, which consists of 5 steps. With this guide and cheat codes, you can hack Platypus Evolution, and get the opportunity to make free purchases in the game. As you know, you can use Platypus Evolution mod apk, but this mod needs to be downloaded, and there is a possibility that there are viruses inside. Unlike mods, cheat codes do not need to be downloaded, they just need to be copied and pasted in the game in a special field.
How Platypus Evolution Hack work?
After you enter the Platypus Evolution cheat codes, you will be able to make purchases in the game for free, and your money will not be withdrawn. And also all fields in which there are numbers, it will be possible to edit. These codes are updated every week, and we have the latest versions of these codes.
And I forgot to tell you that Platypus Evolution Hack works on all popular mobile

########
Rank: 17
Score: 22.741287
Retrieved Text: The platypus is rarely seen in the wild so with a 90% success rate, spotting these unique animals is a popular part of our tours.
Found along the East Coast of Australia and Tasmania, it mainly lives in fresh water rivers, streams, ponds and lakes and is mostly easily spotted around dusk and dawn.
It feeds mainly on aquatic invertebrates that are caught and then stored in cheek pouches until they can be ground up by horny plates while the animal floats on the surface.
Breeding occurs in spring (November/December). The female builds an elaborate platypus nesting burrow, which can be up to 20 metres long. Two eggs are usually laid and then incubated for one to two weeks. The babies, or platypups, feed on milk for the first four or five months before they leave the burrow.
The platypus is an unusual mammal with many unique features that our guides will talk about as you observe them in their natural habitat.
If your looking for information on Cairns & The Great Barrier Reef visit the guys over at Cairns Tour Advice & Booking Centre today. Friendly helpful advice for all Cairns Tours.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 22.638351
Retrieved Text: Some great and memorable things have come out of Australia: Thylacoleo carnifex, the giant marsupial lion; not one but three national Frisbee teams; the world’s oldest fossil (at 3.4 billion years old!). And this month Overdrive is adding to the list with fantastic new Australian fiction, including work from emerging authors such as Jay Carmichael and Robbie Arnott. So once you’re done wondering about the platypus (how does a mammal lay an egg?!) sign up to Overdrive and have a read!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 22.636555
Retrieved Text: Its a bird….its a mammal….its a duck-billed platypus – ..:: NJ Brideau ::..
In the most recent issue of Nature, scientists announced the first look at the genome of the duck-billed platypus. Just as you’d expect from an animal that has the bill and webbed feet of a duck, lays eggs like a bird or reptile, and produces milk and has fur like a mammal – this hodgepodge of an animal has a mix of genes thought to be found in specific lineages throughout evolution.
This may seem like a strange animal to know the genomic sequence of, but it has the potential to be really cool. Hopefully we’ll be able to learn something about mammalian evolution, and the function of the conserved genes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 22.58475
Retrieved Text: Platypus Park Country Retreat, self contained accommodation in Bridport Tasmania, invites you to come and experience and celebrate Tasmania for yourself.
Book accommodation direct with Platypus Park on 03 63561873.
Accommodation offer: One bedroom apartment, Two people, Two nights, Two breakfasts $250 .
Farm walks. Fresh farm eggs for breakfast. Free use of the games room. Trout fishing in the farm dams. Complimentary WiFi.
Bring your jacket, scarf and beanie and embrace all that Bridport has to offer in winter.
Tassie Scallop Fiesta will be happening on the 5th August 2018 in Bridport so don’t miss out on this Winter feast.
Stay two nights for just $250.
Phone direct 0418584252 to make a booking today.
You must book direct by phone. Not valid with any other offers. Offer available from 22nd May to 16th September 2018. We look forward to meeting you very soon.
What will you do while you are there? Lots of things, take a look at our trails.
We all should be celebrating Tasmania, Are you Celebrating Tasmaia this Winter?
TASMANIA, 22 OCTOBER 2014 – Tassie boasts some of Australia’s most diverse, remote and wild outdoor experiences; a year round calendar of events for all tastes and a gourmet scene that’s nothing short of a foodie’s paradise. But from its flawed and conflicted past, the unassuming state has risen to capture the attention of the world. This week, the world’s most trusted travel publisher, Lonely Planet, named Tassie fourth in the world’s “Top 10 Regions in the World to Visit in 2015” in the Best in Travel 2015 publication and told the world Tasmania

########
Rank: 21
Score: 22.166344
Retrieved Text: Do peacocks build nests? Actually no the common name for the breed is peafowl. The male is called a peacock with the correct name for the female of the species being peahen. So do peacocks build nests? No they do not because it is the peahen that builds the nest for her eggs. She will start by scratching out a shallow indent in the ground. She may line this with sticks and leaves. If there are predators around some peahens will build nests within a tree or on a roof in urban areas.
The peahen will start laying eggs generally when they are two years old. However sometimes a peahen which hatched early in the previous season may lay a couple of eggs at the end of the following breeding season. By he age of three the peahens have reached maturity and will be laying an egg every other day. The peahen lays the eggs during the evening at dusk.
How many eggs will a peahen lay?
The peahen will carry on laying if the eggs are removed daily. She may produce two or three clutches during the season.
On the days that the peahen is going to lay an egg, she will get a droopy look about her. Her wings will point downwards and often their feather look fluffed up. The peahen will walk away and leave the egg on the ground. Often eggs get broken this way by another peahen or peacock walking on them.
If two hens adopt the same nest the will each lay in the nest.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 22.112762
Retrieved Text: The three living species of monotreme have always been regarded as zoological enigmas, so much so that when the first specimen of a duck-billed platypus (a single skin) was shipped back to Europe from Australia at the close of the eighteenth century, it was widely believed to be a hoax, and an unconvincing one at that. It would not have been the first time a ship arrived from the East Indies with a cleverly faked "marvel." Previous hoaxes had included supposed mermaids (half fish, half monkey) and wildly exotic birds of paradise, so the scientific community at the time can be forgiven for being skeptical. However, the duck-billed platypus is one of those cases where fact is at least as strange as fiction. It is an unlikely looking amalgam of parts taken from other animals, including a stout, cylindrical body covered in fur, huge webbed feet, a flat paddle-shaped tail, and a unique rubbery bill. The English naturalist George Shaw examined the skin, and was initially dubious as to the validity of the specimen. After examining it carefully and failing to find any evidence of forgery, he formally described it in 1799. He named it Platypus anantinus, which literally translated means "flat-footed duck-like." The name was changed to Ornithorhynchus anatinus when it later transpired that the genus name, Platypus, had already been used to describe a species of flat-footed beetle. The platypus was not the first known monotreme. The short-beaked echidna (Tachyglossus aculeatus) had been described seven years earlier, also by Shaw, but had caused much

########
Rank: 23
Score: 22.05136
Retrieved Text: Cooperation between non-kin is a long-standing puzzle in evolutionary biology. Since cooperation typically involves some short-term fitness cost, it should be easily undermined by cheating and competition between group members. Our long-running research project in Panama focuses on the Greater Ani, a Neotropical cuckoo with an unusual breeding system. Whereas many cuckoos are specialized parasites which lay their eggs in the nests of other species, anis nest communally. Up to eight unrelated individuals construct a single nest in which all of the females lay their eggs, and all group members participate in incubation, defense, and food delivery to the shared clutch. However, reproductive competition within the group is intense: before laying her first egg, each female ejects any eggs that have already been laid in the communal nest. Each female stops ejecting eggs once she has laid her first egg, presumably to avoid accidentally removing her own. As a result, the first female to begin laying in the communal nest invariably loses at least one egg — sometimes several — whereas the last female to enter the laying sequence loses none. A main goal of this research is to quantify the reproductive costs and benefits to females of nesting communally.
Four unrelated Greater Anis (two males and two females) simultaneously arrive at their communal nest bearing food for the mixed clutch of nestlings. Adults cannot recognize their own eggs or nestlings, so parental care is provided indiscriminately to the shared brood. © 2016 Christina Riehl.
Striped Cuckoos parasitize white egg-laying hosts in South America and blue egg-laying hosts

########
Rank: 24
Score: 21.806725
Retrieved Text: Are brown eggs more nutritious? Why do some eggs have two yolks? When do hens start laying? Here are answers to these questions and more.
Not a week goes by without my receiving at least one question about eggs via one online method or another. I appreciate the trust these folks put in me and my experience, and I’m more than happy to respond to their queries. As several questions tend to repeat, today I’ll share and answer 10 of the most common questions I receive for anyone else who might wonder about the same topics.
1. Are Brown Eggs Better for You Than White Eggs?
The color of an egg’s shell has everything to do with pigmentation and nothing to do with nutrition. Regardless of whether the eggshell is brown, blue, tinted or white, the nutritional value of an egg is the same. Brown eggs tend to be (erroneously) considered healthier because they are associated with local farms versus factory farms.
2. Why Does the Taste of My Hens’ Eggs Differ From Summer to Spring?
During the summer, more natural fodder is available for hens to eat than during spring, when plant growth is just starting to emerge. The more fresh forage they eat, the richer and tastier the eggs will be.
3. Why Do My Eggshells Break So Easily?
Eggshells draw their calcium from a hen’s own body. Without additional calcium to build up reserves, your layer will not only produce thin shells but also will suffer from weakened bones. To keep your hens healthy, strong and able to produce strong

########
Rank: 25
Score: 21.591398
Retrieved Text: A platypus is part of a group of animals know as monotremes. Monotremes are the only mammals to lay eggs rather than giving birth to live young. Platypuses are semi-aquatic and are venomous, with the male of the species having a spur on the hind foot. They have a bill, four legs with webbed feet, and a tail similar to a beaver. Its body is covered in brown fur and it is quite adept at swimming. Adult platypuses can reach up to two feet (60 centimeters) in length, and six pounds (2.7 kilograms) in weight. The platypuses mating season occurs between June and October every year.
Platypuses can be found in only one place in the world, Australia. They are found along the eastern coast and Tasmania. Platypuses are semi-aquatic species and for this reason they are found in fresh water rivers and streams. They inhabit vastly different habitats from the highland mountain streams of Tasmania to the tropical rainforest rivers of Northern Queensland. Platypuses prefer river and streams with good water quality and, due to this fact, populations of platypuses have dwindled in waterways that are used heavily by humans. Platypuses dig nesting and resting burrows into the side of river and steam banks. These are often just above water level and protected by an overhanging tree or roots system. They are territorial and tend to occupy an area of up to 7 kilometers including the river banks. Platypuses spend large amounts of time in the water foraging for food and can stay underwater for periods

########
Rank: 26
Score: 21.496635
Retrieved Text: 1.) Have you noticed yet? We moved. What is the current street number of the German clickworker office?
2.) Someone has to lay all the eggs the Easter Bunny brings… How many eggs does a chicken lay?
3.) Where did Easter Island get its interesting name?
c) The famous stone statues on the island look like Easter bunnies.
4.) What do Swedish women who are in love do on Easter?
Dieser Artikel wurde am 01.April 2018 von mandy geschrieben.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 21.365744
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wondered what makes a mammal a mammal? Maybe you haven’t wondered, but when my kids were little, they loved understanding why different animals were either mammals, reptiles, amphibians, birds, etc.
My favorite curriculum was Land Animals of the Sixth Day: Exploring Creation with Zoology 3 by Apologia. It was exceptionally thorough and could be used throughout elementary grades.
There are a few main characteristics that set mammals apart from other animal groups, like insects or reptiles. These special characteristics make a mammal a mammal.
Warm-blooded or endothermic – able to keep a constant body temperature no matter what the temperature of the environment.
Mammary glands, which produces milk to nurse the young.
Hair or fur on its body, no matter how little.
Vertebrate, or has a backbone.
When you think of mammals, your first thoughts might be of cats, dogs, horses or tigers. (Those are the first animals my kids mentioned.) Those are perfect examples of mammals. They definitely have hair or fur, nurse young, have a backbone and lungs. But, there are other mammals that you might not be so sure about.
One of the most interesting orders of mammals is the monotremes. The duck-billed platypus and the spiny anteater are monotremes. They have fur, backbones, and lungs, but while most mammals give birth to live young, the monotremes lay eggs. However, the monotremes do have mammary glands and nurse their young when they emerge from the eggs. So, they are definitely mammals.
Another order of mammals that get confused with fish are the cetaceans. This group includes whales and dolphins.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 21.30685
Retrieved Text: This table shows how the coin and diamond prices for each platypus increase when you buy them. For ease of viewing, 1,000,000 and 1,000,000,000 will be shortened to 1.0 Mi and 1.0 Bi respectively.
where C is the cost of the platypus, s is the species level of the platypus (Platypus = 1, Adult Platypus = 2, ... , Complexipus = 18), and q is the quantity of that species previously purchased in the current Universe.
Platypus Evolution Wiki is a FANDOM Games Community.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 21.257248
Retrieved Text: Research continues on these bones to study what the bird was like and how it evolved.
Dinosaurs laid colourful eggs. Birds lay colourful eggs. You do the maths.

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: You are presented with the question "what lays their eggs in a burrow?" and the following answer choices: 
- mammals
 - alpacas
 - loose soil
 - animals
 - monotremes
 - honeybees
 - insects
 - ducks

Now knowing that platypus females lay their eggs in a burrow and examples of monotremes are the Platypus and Echidna, choose the best answer.

Target Text: monotremes

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 32.500793
Retrieved Text: The tarantula hawk wasp is the biggest natural enemy of the tarantula. Many animals and insects, including larger mammals, reptiles, birds and fly maggots, eat tarantulas as well.
The tarantula hawk wasp hunts for the tarantula, finds its burrow and lures it out. The wasp then stings the tarantula, paralyzing it. Afterwards, the wasp drags the tarantula to its lair and lays an egg on the spider. When the wasp maggot hatches, it eats the tarantula. Larger mammals, such as coyotes, foxes, weasels and skunks, have been known to eat tarantulas. However, they often given up shortly after starting due to the spider's barbed hairs and agile movements. Reptiles, such as large lizards and snakes, sometimes eat tarantulas. However, this can prove dangerous as tarantulas have also been known to eat lizards and snakes. Birds, such as hawks, eagles and owls, sometimes eat tarantulas as well.
Flies sometimes eat tarantulas in a fashion similar to the tarantula hawk wasp. The fly lays its eggs on the tarantula, and when the eggs hatch, they burrow into the spider and eat it alive from the inside out. As the eggs turn into flies, they emerge, bursting the spider's abdomen and killing it. Tiny mites also feed on tarantulas but don't typically cause death.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.454248
Retrieved Text: Jiggers are small chigoe fleas that live in the dust, and are found on the dirt floors in schools and the homes of many families in Uganda and other similar climates. These parasitic insects cling to livestock and transfer jiggers into homes primarily in rural areas.
The female jiggers burrow into the surface of skin that has been exposed to the flea. Once embedded in the body, the jigger lays eggs and creates up to pea-size egg sacks and continues to multiply by laying more eggs. These wounds are painful, and cause difficulties for victims in daily activities such as walking, playing, and attending school. The infection can lead to severe inflammation, ulceration and fibrosis. While jiggers in small numbers are not deadly, the secondary infections (gangrene, tetanus and other diseases) caused by jiggers can be fatal. It ca also cause lymphangitis, gangrene, sepsis, and the loss of toenails, amputation of the digits, and death may also occur.
The female jiggers burrow into the skin, usually of the hands and feel, and lay egg sacks which can grow up to the size of a pea. The fleas continue to multiply by laying more eggs, causing an infection which leads the body to become ulcerated and inflamed. Victims often lose their toenails and are forced to have their digits amputated.
There is also a social stigma and shame associated with the victims of joggers which causes them to hide the problem, making it worse.
Jiggers also burrow into the skin of animals like dogs, cats, rats, pigs, cattle and sheep, so

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.412676
Retrieved Text: Rootworms are the larvae of beetles. They fall into two groups: clover rootworms and northern corn rootworms. The former species is found throughout the U.S. and southern Canada. The adult is light brown, oval, and 1/5" long. It lays its eggs at the base of a variety of host plants, including apple, beans, corn, grape, melon, potato, and strawberries. The whitish, plump larvae then burrow into the roots and chew the smaller ones. Adult beetles can cause minor damage to hosts by chewing long, curved or zigzag marks in leaves. Clover rootworms can be controlled by thorough fall cultivation, which should effectively destroy overwintering larvae.
Northern corn rootworms are found primarily in the north central United States, where crops of its favored hosts (corn and grain) are abundant. The adult is bright green to yellowish green, sometimes with a brown head. It is 1/3" long and fast moving. It lays its yellow eggs on the ground near corn roots. The larvae are thin, wrinkled white worms with brown heads that can grow up to 1/2" long. They burrow into the roots of their hosts, doing considerable damage. Fortunately, the grubs can be effectively controlled with regular crop rotation.
Adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera). The larvae bore into roots of Malus, Carya, Prunus, Castanea, Maclura, Populus, Tilia, and Pyrus and cause dieback and death.
Front view of an adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera).
Close-up of front of an adult, male tilehorned prionus beetle (Coleoptera).
Click a link in the site map below to see other "Pests and Problems" pages.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.36711
Retrieved Text: There’s a number of bot fly species and each one is adapted for a particular mammal. You get them all over the world, and in parts of Africa there is even a Human Bot Fly.
The mature fly lays its egg on a horse fly or a mosquito or something and these eggs get carried to a human where they drop off on their skin. The eggs hatch and the larvae – THE FLESH EATING MAGGOTS – then burrow down through your skin into your body… and just keep munching and munching away, not tiny things on the surface but HALF INCH LONG – AND JUST AS ROUND – AND THEY’RE BURROWING IN DEEP.
And they eat and eat and eat for weeks and weeks until they feel like turning into flies which is when they tunnel straight back out again.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.794037
Retrieved Text: The bot (stomach worm) is not a worm but the larvae of Gasterophilus flies.
The adult horse bot fly emerges a during the summer or fall season. After the fly emerges from the pupa, it quickly finds a mate, lays the eggs on the horse's coat and, on grooming, the eggs make their way to the mouth where they hatch in mouth as larvae.
Over winter the larvae burrow into the stomach lining (where they spend 8-10 months) and are then passed out via the faeces and will hatch in the summer.
Significant trauma and ulceration of the stomach can occur following infection.
Disease is also caused by the larvae in mouth. Larvae here create borrowing holes, which in turn become infected. The 3rd stage larvae are passed in the faeces and over winters to develop the following summer.
Infected horses can often show no signs, which is why treatment should be given over the winter months to kill them.
Which Actives Treat Bots (Stomach Worms)?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.798111
Retrieved Text: The surgeon was correct: Doctors used local anesthesia and a 5 millimeter incision to remove the object beneath the woman’s skin, which was identified as a human botfly larva — essentially, a maggot — by a pathology lab. By the time the woman came back for a follow-up appointment a week later, the lesion was “completely resolved,” researchers said.
But what is a botfly?
It’s a bug that’s rare in the United States, but more commonly found in the tropics. The insect lays its eggs on animals like flies or mosquitoes. Those insects become hosts, carrying the human botfly eggs to human skin — the warmth of which hatches the eggs into larvae, researchers said. The larvae then burrow into the human skin, where they live for 27 to 128 days, causing itching in their hosts.
After its stay beneath the skin, the adult larva “drops to the ground where it pupates for between 27 and 78 days before maturing into an adult botfly. The adult form of the human botfly is rarely seen and ranges between 1 and 3 cm long,” researchers wrote.
A fully-grown human botfly looks somewhat like a bumblebee, and is large with thick hair, according to the University of Florida entomology department.
Not all human botfly infestations require a surgeon to intervene, though: Communities in the tropics that are more acquainted with the pests have their own home remedies, the case report authors said.
The authors said skin problems are one of the medical issues travelers are most likely to bring home with them after visiting developing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.697332
Retrieved Text: The Detroit Zoo is one of only five U.S. zoos that provides a home to the mountain chicken frog. It can be seen at the award-winning National Amphibian Conservation Center – a leader in amphibian conservation and research – which houses a spectacular diversity of frogs, toads, salamanders, newts and caecilians.
Mountain chicken frogs are among the largest frog species, with adults growing up to 8 inches long and weighing up to 2 pounds. These large frogs have various types of camouflage; their chestnut-brown color can come in spots or stripes, while their bellies are a dark yellow. A black line often runs from their snouts to the angle of their mouth. Once abundant in six of the Caribbean islands, the species is now confined to just Dominica and Montserrat.
The calls of the mountain chicken frogs are a very loud "wooop" which can be heard both day and night.
The mountain chicken frogs are foam nesters. During breeding, foam nests are built by whipping up body secretions; the thick foam nests are where eggs are laid and tadpoles develop. Both parents guard the nests until froglets emerge. The females routinely rebuild the foam back up as tadpoles develop, and lays infertile eggs for the developing tadpoles to eat.
While many other frogs reproduce in water, these frogs lay their eggs in a burrow about 20 inches in the ground. Breeding occurs in April, toward the end of the dry season.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.274097
Retrieved Text: Aenetus virescens (Puriri moth) is a moth endemic to the North Island of New Zealand. It is New Zealand's largest moth, with a wingspan of up to 150 mm.
A fertilised female moth lays up to 2000 eggs over forest floor litter. After about 14 days caterpillars hatch and live on the underside of fungal fruiting bodies. This stage lasts for 2 to 3 months. At the end of this phase, the caterpillars climb and bore through the bark into the wood of the trunk or a branch of a tree. Host plants include native, naturalised, and cultivated species. It gets it name because one of the main host trees is the Puriri tree (Vitex lucens).
The caterpillars form a distinctive seven-shaped tunnel. The top of the ‘seven’ follows the radius of the trunk/branch and slopes upwards. The longer part of the burrow descends vertically and is where the caterpillar rests. The opening of the burrow and the area used for feeding are not usually visible, as they are covered with a silk covering that mimics the bark.
The tree phase caterpillars graze on live callus tissue that develops around the opening of the burrow. A mature caterpillar can grow to about 100 mm long and 15 mm in diameter. Caterpillars during this phase can live up to eight months or as long as five years.
When the caterpillar has reached full size it pupates. Pupation occurs every month from March to November. Pupal duration can be up to 173 days. When the moth is ready to emerge, the pupa

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.781082
Retrieved Text: The Gopher Tortoise has a brown, gray or black carapace, and yellow or tan underside (plastron). Hatchlings are lighter in color. Males have a concave plastron, while females have a flat plastron. Males have longer tails than females. Gopher tortoise males have two rounded scent glands under the chin to mark territory. Gopher Tortoise belong to the genus Gopherus - the only genus of tortoises native to North America.
The Gopher Tortoise spends most of its time in burrows under the ground. The burrows are dug in dry sandhills, flatwoods, prairies or coastal dunes.
Gopher tortoises are herbivores. They eat mainly grasses. Also eats berries, fruit, and some carrion.
Gopher tortoises mate in late spring, during April and May. The female lays 3 - 15 eggs in a sandy mound near the burrow. The eggs hatch after 70-100 days. Hatchlings reach maturity after 10-15 years of age.
The Gopher Tortoise is native to the coastal plains of the United States. They are most common in Florida, and are also found in Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi, south eastern South Carolina.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.666504
Retrieved Text: The world’s 5,800 lizard species inhabit every continent except Antarctica, utilizing habitats as diverse as caves, creeks and the rainforest canopy. Many species dig in the dirt, for specific purpose, at some point in their lives. Even species such as chameleons, which are adapted to living in the trees, dig holes in the dirt to deposit their eggs. Depending on the species, a lizard may go under the dirt to deposit eggs, thermoregulate or avoid predators.
Lizards get underground by digging a burrow, entering an existing burrow or pushing directly into and under the substrate. Many have morphological adaptations to facilitate these behaviors. Virtually all terrestrial or fossorial lizards will opportunistically use existing burrows; but those who dig extensive burrows usually have powerful limbs and stocky body plan. Some species have wedge-shaped heads and smooth scales to reduce friction and allow them to push their heads into loose substrates like sand.
Lizards deposit their eggs in sheltered places such as rotten or hollow logs, tree hollows, soil or leaf litter, and under rocks. By burying their eggs in dirt, the females provide the eggs more protection from predation -- though some are still lost to predators capable of sniffing out their location. The location requires careful selection by the mother. The temperature and moisture level surrounding the eggs will determine the viability, and sometimes the genders, of the eggs in the clutch.
Many lizards burrow into the substrate to avoid the attention of predators; some species are capable of digging fast enough to escape by burrowing. The streamlined bodies

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.580338
Retrieved Text: A parasite is an organism that receives sustenance by preying on other organisms. Many species of insects are parasitic and prey on human blood and skin. Parasites that can temporarily survive without a host frequently reside in homes for extended periods of time before people notice their presence. There are several species of insect that live in hair, skin, carpets and homes that prey on people and can fly or jump.
Several species of louse, including the head louse, crab louse and hog louse, feed on mammals' blood. Head lice are a common childhood parasite and crab lice primarily infest the pubic hair after sexual contact. Lice can live in carpets, hairbrushes and clothing fibers for brief periods of time, but must find a host in order to survive. Typically less than one-eighth an inch in length, these tiny insects are difficult to detect. Though most lice do not fly, they can jump and travel on hair shafts. Some subspecies of lice have wings and can fly short distances.
Chigoes, members of the flea order Diptera, are approximately one-sixteenth an inch long. They live in the southern United States and can survive for brief periods of time in carpets and in homes. They prey on a variety of animals, notably humans and dogs, by burrowing into their host's skin. They are most commonly found living under toenails, between toes and on the soles of their host's feet, and where they leave painful sores. Many people being parasitized by these pests mistakenly believe they have a foot fungus or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.296692
Retrieved Text: Named after the giant adversary of the cunning David, Goliath, the African Goliath beetles are the largest and the heaviest insects on earth today. They are the first species classified as 'beetles'. They have been walking the earth since the past 300 million years. They belong to the scarab family and are a part of the subfamily Cetoniinae. These beetles are mainly found in the tropical region of Africa. Not only are they the heaviest insects and beetles, they can also carry relatively huge weights. They are also excellent climbers and fliers, despite their weight.
Here is some basic information about this interesting creature.
Though there are beetles that are longer than it, it's the Goliath which takes the top position in the size charts, and that's because of their heavy weight. These beetles have a first pair of wings called the elytra. These protect the second pair of soft, membranous wings and also the abdomen. The male beetles have Y-shaped horns on their head, which they use to fight with other males over territory or mates. The females do not have any horns, but have a wedge-shaped head, which helps them burrow and lay their eggs. These beetles can be found in different colors, such as black, blue, gold, and bronze. The length of the male beetle varies from 2.5 - 4.2 inches, while the females are usually 2.1 - 3.4 inches long.
They are mainly found in the tropical regions of Africa―mainly in the temperate southeastern parts of Africa―and in the equatorial rainforests. Warm temperatures are optimal

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.294403
Retrieved Text: The black vine weevil (Otiorhynchus sulcatus) is a common pest in many garden and nursery plants. Feeding damage by adults and their grubs have been observed in many berry crops as well.
Adult weevils feed at night producing telltale notches around the edges of leaves and flowers. The damage is most severe when caused by their voracious grubs. As soon as they hatch, they start feeding on little roots. As they grow, they gradually attack bigger roots, tubers, rootstocks and even strip bark from woody stems. Damaged plants wilt and die off. Sometimes, it takes a long time before damage is discovered. At that moment, the plant is often already severely weakened and beginning to die off. Slow growing plants, which are unable to compensate for loss of root tissue are most susceptible to damage.
Adult black vine weevils are 8-12 mm long, have a grooved, dull black shell with patches of tiny yellow bristles. As they are well camouflaged and only active at night, they are seldom seen. If they are discovered, they play dead very convincingly. Adults emerge from the soil from spring onwards. They are wingless but walk and climb exceedingly well. Females hatch from unfertilized eggs though no males have not been found. Freshly emerged females feed for about ten days, and then start laying unfertilized eggs. Each female lays about 500 eggs, which are very small (0.8 mm) and round. Initially, these eggs are white, but they turn brown as they mature. Adults are relatively long-lived and egg-laying can extend well until autumn.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.751299
Retrieved Text: Nature Rambling: What You Can Do with Poo?
What You Can Do with Poo?
reluctantly agreed that tool use was not uniquely human, but that it certainly was restricted to the great apes, mankind’s closest relatives. Then ornithologists reported that many birds engaged in activities considered to be tool use; e.g., the Galapagos woodpecker finch shapes twigs and cactus spines to pry insects out of their hiding places. Other birds use rocks to break open ostrich eggs and several herons throw objects onto the water surface to attract their fish prey. And now the Burrowing Owl can join the tool using club.
True to its name, the Burrowing Owl inhabits burrows in pastures, rangeland, golf courses and other open spaces with low or sparse vegetation. Unlike other owls it is active during the day and night and can be seen standing in or near the opening of its burrow. In the west they are primarily found in prairie dog towns; in the east they were formerly found in pastures and golf courses inhabited by ground squirrels. Some populations still survive in Florida. Like other small owls they feed on insects and small mammals.
In a colony of burrowing owls University of Florida researchers noticed a curious thing: the burrow entrances were “decorated” with mammalian dung. This was not an accident because when the investigators removed the dung it was soon replaced. But why? At least two possibilities suggest themselves: The odor of the dung might mask the presence of young owls or eggs from predators, or the dung could attract

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.464035
Retrieved Text: White grubs may be the most damaging turf insect pests in the United States. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Japanese beetle grubs alone cause an estimated $234 million in damage each year— $78 million for control costs and an additional $156 million for replacement of damaged turf.
Japanese beetle and masked chafer adults are attracted to turf with moist soil which means they are especially attracted to lawns that get watered during hot dry spells. During the feeding period, female beetles intermittently leave plants, burrow about 3" into the ground— usually into turf— and lay a few eggs. This cycle is repeated until the female lays 40 — 60 eggs. Moist soils are certainly easier to dig through than hard, dry soils. Eggs will dry up and die under very dry soil conditions. The eggs also die when soil temperatures are around 90°F. Higher soil temperatures are typically associated with drier soils, as well as high air temperatures.
Lawns having numerous white grubs soon will show signs of injury. If browned areas haven't recovered once cool evenings return with adequate moisture check for white grubs 1" — 2" below the surface. Damaged grass areas will typically just peel back when pulled or raked. When the grass is pulled back you'll probably notice one or two white grubs, but with a little scratching, you'll soon uncover quite a few. The threshold for lawn damage is 5 - 6 grubs per sq. ft. which means that if you have more than 5 grubs in a square foot area,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 25.455654
Retrieved Text: Katharine Merow asks what’s buzzing around in the head of the Sphex wasp.
Folks who think about thinking for a living have a favorite genus of wasp. These cognitive scientists and philosophers of mind dig those insects whose scientific names begin with Sphex: Sphex ichneumoneus, Sphex diabolicus, and what I presume to be the king of them all, Sphex rex. Laymen, who prefer English descriptions of insects to the invocation of Linnaean Latin, call these six-legged stingers ‘digger wasps’ or ‘cicada killers’. There are over 130 known species.
They have delicately-furred thoraxes that taper to the original wasp waists. The sun penetrates their fragile wings, glints golden off their stippled heads, lends a reflective sheen to their compound eyes. The insects excavate underground burrows as tunneled and chambered as the pyramids at Giza. They stalk, attack, and deal slow, numb death to crickets, katydids, cicadas. This digging and killing by which the wasps distinguish themselves is woman’s work, undertaken in preparation for egg-laying, so people who study Sphex most appreciate the females.
In Mechanical Man: The Physical Basis of Intelligent Life (1969), Dean Wooldridge describes the expectant mother at her gene-propagating labors: “When the time comes for egg laying, the wasp Sphex builds a burrow for the purpose and seeks out a cricket which she stings in such a way as to paralyze but not kill it. She drags the cricket into the burrow, lays her eggs alongside, closes the burrow, then flies away, never to return.” An absentee parent, yes; but one who has left her children well

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.130249
Retrieved Text: Digging is such a common turtle behavior that it’s easy to not notice your pregnant turtle is digging in preparation to lay her eggs. For a turtle breeder, it’s important to recognize nest-digging and to take steps to ensure the survival of the eggs.
Box turtles are terrestrial turtles native to North America. The two major species are the common box turtle and the ornate box turtle. The first species includes subspecies the eastern box turtle, the three-toed box turtle, the Florida box turtle and the Gulf Coast box turtle. All of these turtles share traits and habits, including the ability to shut themselves completely inside their shells when threatened.
Box turtles love to dig and burrow, and they do so for many reasons. In the winter, they dig down and stay buried all season long while they hibernate. Similarly, during the hottest summer months, they will bury themselves and go into a state of semi-hibernation known as brumation. But even nonhibernating turtles like to hide; they will often bury themselves to sleep, whether in the wild or in outdoor or indoor habitats.
With so much digging, you'll have to be discerning to determine whether a digging turtle is a pregnant turtle who is digging her nest. One sign to that she's pregnant is digging with her back feet and backing into the hole, as opposed to digging with her forelegs and going in head-first. Meanwhile, unlike a turtle who is simply burrowing, a nesting turtle will spend time on the nest, packing the soil to create walls and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.054976
Retrieved Text: Park visitors are sometimes surprised and startled to see a large black snake resting on a branch up in a tree. Black rat snakes are excellent climbers and can even climb a large mature tree trunk without branches. They are Ohio’s largest snake, typically four to six feet in length but have been reported up to eight feet. Juvenile snakes have a pattern of dark blotches, but as they age they become glossy black all over with a white throat and chin.
Black rat snakes are nonvenomous. They are constrictors and suffocate their prey by wrapping around them and squeezing with powerful muscles. As their name indicates, they prey on rodents like mice and chipmunks, but also eat juvenile rabbits, songbirds and bird eggs. They have been known to devour several nests of eggs in purple martin colonies.
A female rat snake lays 12 to 20 eggs in late spring, which hatch in late summer. The lifespan of a wild snake is 10 to 15 years, but in captivity they may live up to 30 years. Typical predators include hawks, other snakes and humans. They spend the winter in groups with other snakes in a rocky crevice, called a hibernaculum. Warm early spring days can find rat snakes sunning themselves, often up in tree branches.
Black rat snakes are misunderstood and often the victims of ignorance and fear. They are generally timid and try to avoid confrontation. Their initial defense is lying still or moving away, but they may also coil up, rattle their tail and strike (acting like

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.024204
Retrieved Text: Once a human contracts the scabies "human itch" mite, he can be infested indefinitely as long as the condition goes untreated. The egg cycle of a female scabies mite is very short compared to her overall life cycle. Scabies eggs only exist for a short time, after which they hatch and go through two different incarnations before the adult mite is ready to breed and lay more eggs.
All it takes is one impregnated female scabies mite to cause an entire infestation on the human body. Once the female mite finds a suitable habitat on the human host--generally where the folds of the skin touch each other, such as the crooks of the elbow, webbing of the fingers, in between the shoulder blades, and under the breasts--she forms a "burrow," where she begins to lay her eggs.
Scabies eggs take between three and four days to hatch. Three-legged larvae emerge and make their way to the skin's surface, forming shorter burrows called "moulting pouches." The larval stage lasts between three or four days, after which the mite moults into a four-legged nymph.
The scabies nymph again moults--this time into an adult mite who is ready to breed. The innocuous male mites linger in shallow pits in the skin, biding their time and feeding off the human host. Once mite finds mate, the newly-impregnated louse creates a new burrow of her own and begins to lay eggs. Scabies mites live anywhere between one and two months, during which time they lay two or three eggs daily. However, only ten per

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.661926
Retrieved Text: Published on Jan 17, 2017 at 02:00p.m.
We want to take this opportunity to notify the citizens of Verona of a very destructive pest that will be affecting some of our local shade trees in the near future. The Emerald Ash Borer (Agrilus planipennis) is a very devastating insect pest to all Ash trees and the White Fringe Tree. At this point in time there aren't any natural controls here in North America.
The insect recently has reached Montclair, our neighbors to the east. So I would expect that the insect will be here in Verona this year.
Most of the Ash trees in town are on private property and wooded lots. It is recommended that homeowners contact local tree experts to assess their trees and to develop a plan of action. In Verona we have very few Ash trees as street trees.
The Emerald Ash Borer is a small greenish insect, 0.3 to 0.5 in length, which lays its eggs on the stem and branches of the Ash tree. The eggs then hatch and the larva burrow their way in to the cambium layer of the tree. This is where it feeds and develops. The channels that it makes while feeding disrupts the flow of water and nutrients though out the tree, killing the tree in two to four years.
If no action is taken then it is almost certain death to the Ash tree. The ash tree dies by drying out, its wood is brittle because the borers cut off the vessels that carry moisture out to the branches.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.550562
Retrieved Text: BeardedDragon.org - Members share videos with DIY directions, and also ideas on different styles, for creating a bearded dragon harness.
Ball-Pythons.net - Members discuss ways to make hides from clay or pottery.
BeardedDragon.org - Members share their ideas on how to prevent uneaten crickets from hiding in a bearded dragon cage.
TarantulasUS.com - Watch as a Haplopelma lividum (cobalt blue tarantula) lays down webbing and works on building a new burrow.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.121077
Retrieved Text: In an Australian Reptile Park first, a species considered “Vulnerable” on the IUCN’s Red List of Threatened Species has moved in and made the Australian Reptile Park its home. Six male red crowned toadlets have been discovered in the Park’s artificial frog pond, which was constructed in 2009 with the purpose of providing a home for frogs native to the area. The red crowned toadlet is a small species, reaching only 30mm in length and is characterised by the red “T” shaped mark on its head.
The species is usually found in the Sydney sandstone basin which is one of the most populated places in Australia, which has contributed heavily to the species demise. Another reason for the species “Vulnerable” status is the Chytrid fungus. The fungus attacks the parts of a frog’s skin that have keratin in them. Since frogs use their skin in respiration, this makes it difficult for the frog to breathe. The fungus also damages the nervous system, affecting the frog’s behaviour.
Interestingly, the red crowned toadlet is in the same family as of one of Australia’s most endangered frogs – the Corroboree frog. This family of frogs have a very interesting behavioural trait in which the male digs a little u-shaped burrow in the ground with his hind legs near a suitable water source. The female will come and find the male in the Winter, mate and then leaves the male while her eggs are fertalising. She will then return to the burrow to lay her eggs, but then she leaves again making

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.985651
Retrieved Text: One day I was out walking on my lunch hour, and as usual, I had my camera with me. Casing out the ground as I walked, I noticed something crawling around in the dirt, climbing in and out of small holes. At first, because of the coloring, I thought I had found a spider wasp. This thread-waisted wasp, however, turned out to be what is sometimes called a “Sand Lover” wasp. Instead of hunting spiders to feed to her young, she hunts and paralyzes caterpillars.
Ammophia originates from the Greek words ammos – sand, and phillia – lover. This Sand Lover is as gentle as a solitary wasp can be; she rarely stings and lacks the potent venom of social wasps such as yellow jackets or paper wasps. The Sand Lover is better known as “Digger Wasp” because of the way she excavates to make her underground nest.
Sand Digger Wasp near the entrance of her burrow.
After mating, female Sand Wasps work alone to construct their entire nest and do all of the foraging needed to feed their young. Sand Lovers dig tunnels in soil or sand, up to 24 inches deep, forming underground chambers to lay their eggs and provision the larvae with food.
Unlike Mud Dauber females who hunt for spiders, Sand Digger wasps prey upon caterpillars, sometimes twice their size! After creating a burrow, the female Digger wasp searches for a pebble large enough to cover the entrance to her nest. She then sets out on a hunt for caterpillars. The mother wasp is able to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.925879
Retrieved Text: ​The sale of the reward of merit fraktur at Pook and Pook completed by schoolmaster Johann Conrad Gilbert (1734-1812) who emigrated from Germany in 1757 and settled in Montgomery County Pennsylvania may have sparked an interest to our readers as to how the bunny or rabbit became an indelible symbol of Easter in colonial America. As it turns out so many times you must thank the Pennsylvania Dutch for this great contribution to our country. These are the German immigrants like Heinrich Gudehus who emigrated from Palatinate, Germany in the eighteenth century.
The concept of the the holiday Easter or the Easter bunny was foreign to Quakers, Episcopalians, Catholics, and Presbyterians. It was shunned in the beginning by these religions. For the children of the Pennsylvania Dutch Easter was a great of a pleasure as Christ Kindle on Christmas Eve.
The custom of of supplying children with colored eggs in Easter day is a growing one here, although it has not been many years since it was almost an unknown feature of the Easter observance in West Chester. The custom is a German one, introduced into this country in its earliest history and ever since then has been steadily growing in favor among all classes in every part of the country until now it can almost be termed a National custom.
In the Presbyterian church there was an avoidance of any celebration of the Easter festival.
I live in the country, but on last Good-Friday was at Reading, and was surprised to see so many persons going to church. Easter

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.412006
Retrieved Text: Detailing the physical features, habits, territorial reach and other identifying qualities of the California Trapdoor Spider.
An arachnid version of the Jack-in-the-Box toy, California Trapdoor Spiders are not at all amusing to the prey they startle.
California Trapdoor Spiders are native to Southern California. In many ways, they resemble smaller versions of tarantulas, but with shiny, hairless bodies. The whole spider is black except for the rusty brown abdomen. The large, round cephalothorax has a deep dimple in the center of it. The chelicerae (jaws) have spines on them that help this species with digging underground burrows. As is the case with most spiders, the female California Trapdoor spider is larger than the male. Males search for females during the winter months. Females lay their fertilized eggs at the bottom of the burrow. Once spiderlings hatch, they leave the burrow, sometimes sooner rather than later thanks to heavy spring rains.
These burrows can be more than 7 or 8 inches deep and serve as both a home and a trap. The top of the burrow opening is covered with a silk door that is hinged. As the years pass, spiders add more silk webbing to their doors. They may also collect debris and loose leaf litter, helping to camouflage its existence. Burrows are usually built into hillsides or cliff-faces, often facing direct sunlight for ambient warmth and usually near vegetation that is likely to attract insects. Under this door, the spider waits and, when it senses oncoming prey, it quickly lunges out of its burrow and catches the prey

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.296837
Retrieved Text: * Butterflies can taste with their legs.
* Butterflies have 6 legs.
* Butterflies drink nectar from flowers.
* Butterflies have two antennas.
* Butterflies lays their eggs milkweed plants.
*Butterflies have a long thin tube on their head.
*When a butterfly eggs hatches it hatches upside down.
*The smallest butterfly is the Western Pigmy.
What are some new facts you learnt about butterflies?
What are facts you know about the butterfly’s life cycle?
What was your favourite part of the Minibeast Investigation Lab?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 22.970152
Retrieved Text: The Queen Ant is one of the several villains from the 1985 or 1986 Australian movie, Dot & Keeto (the others being a magpie, Nasty the Wasp and a spider). She had her soldiers, the bulldog ants, imprison the insect sized Dot, and make her their "prisoner of war" after she was presented to the queen herself (which plays her song and what she does, including laying eggs in the royal pouch). She later appeared near the end giving the human sized dot a moaning scowl during the insect comment parade in the song Red Kangaroo.
The eggs she lays during her song.
From the song, the queen ant lays different worker bulldog ants depending on the days: Butchers on mondays, Bakers on Tuesdays, Poemmakers on Wednesdays, Doctors on Thursdays, Princesses on Fridays and Firemen on Weekends and Holidays.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 22.959211
Retrieved Text: Burrowing Owls - There are more of these cute little birds in Cape Coral than any other location in the world!
Known as the official bird of Cape Coral, the owls live in 8' tunnels in the ground, called burrows.
If you've driven around the Cape, you may have seen their nests in empty lots or center islands on the various boulevards around town.
The nests are usually identified by 4 white stakes surrounding a perch.
Many out-of-towners have mistaken the posts for the markings of traffic fatalities. Thankfully, that's not the case, otherwise, we might be considered the worst drivers in the world!
The Cape Coral owls, which are about 10" high and the size of a robin, like to nest in open sandy fields with some grass and weeds for shade, and protection from the heat.
The perches serve 2 purposes, the owls like to be elevated , and the burrows are more visible to lawn mowers.
Once you put lawn grass down in your yard, owls will not be able to dig a burrow, since the grass is too coarse.
Nesting season lasts from March - May, during dry season when flooding of the burrows is not a problem.
Before egg-laying starts, adult owls decorate their burrows with cigarette butts, animal dung, paper, and any other debris they can find to scare away predators such as snakes, skunks, opossums, and pets.
Females lay up to 8 eggs and incubate their eggs for 28 days. About 4-6 of the eggs hatch, and 3 will survive. The chicks remain in the burrow for another 2

########
Rank: 28
Score: 22.83535
Retrieved Text: These free printable Easter bunny coloring pages online are fun as they take your child on an adventure just before the start of the festival of Easter. The snippets of information provided will also make the activity interesting, as it highlights some useful information regarding the bunny. Therefore, this set of Easter bunny coloring pages to print should be fun for your kids to engage in.
Here you see the Easter bunny dreaming about the Easter egg.
Do let us know which of these Easter bunny coloring pictures your child loved the most and if some were used around the house.
This picture showcases a happy bunny walking with an Easter basket in tow.
This picture showcases a bunny with eggs surrounded by flowers.
This picture showcases a group of bunnies delivering eggs to a home.
The Easter Bunny coloring pages printable show the Easter Bunny in a number of different avatars. These Easter bunny coloring sheets are cute and adorable and will bring a smile to your kid’s face as he will have the liberty to use a range of bright hues for all the pictures.
The cute Easter bunny carries the magic of little children in his heart. As long as little children love him, he will continue coming back to deliver eggs to them.This image, when colored can be used as a poster for your kid’s bedroom.
Ask him to use a wide selection of bright hues for this picture to make it really stand out.
The Easter bunny comes out of his burrow the night before Easter to deliver eggs.This picture

########
Rank: 29
Score: 22.79254
Retrieved Text: The Marbled Snout-Burrower pretty much just lives everywhere in Africa that is lower than the Sahara Desert. These frogs are adept at living underground in burrows. They even lay their eggs in burrows underground. They dig underground head first, which is rare since most dig with their hind legs.
Mating for the frogs starts when it starts to rain. The male calls out to the female frogs like most frog species. Males start the amplexus on the female frog while the female still has to dig a burrow for the eggs. The male does the usually stuff and leaves his mate after breeding. The females sit on their eggs to keep them moist. The rain continues to fall during the time the female sits on the eggs over days and eventually the tadpoles hatch and the water level raises enough for the tadpoles to move toward bigger bodies of water. The mother also helps them along the way.

================



