======= Instance Index 0 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A tree produces seeds
- The seeds are dispersed by wind, animals, etc
- The seeds reach the ground
- Grow into new trees
- These new trees produce seeds
- The process repeats itself over and over
- 

Question:
suppose there will be fewer new trees happens, how will it affect LESS forest formation.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.400608
Retrieved Text: Unmanaged forest ecosystems provide a diversity of ecosystem goods and services, and their ranks are moderate (food production) to strongly positive (e.g., fuel/energy, recreation, carbon sequestration, and regulating trace gases) (Table 2.3). Biotic and abiotic processes have almost equal contributions to the rate or efficiency of the delivery of these goods and services. Plant roots play an important role in the regulation of the quality and quantity of water volume and erosion control, whereas soil bacteria are particularly important for the regulation of the trace gases in the atmosphere (Wang & Ineson 2003). Mycorrhizal fungi play an important role in the formation of organic matter in coniferous forests (Smith & Read 1997), whereas earthworms have some impact in deciduous forests (Lavelle et al. 1997).
In managed forests, the presence of soil pathogens, parasites, decomposers, and N2 fixers is a more important factor, especially in monospecific stands for timber or fuel-wood production (Waring et al. 1987). On the other hand, there are fewer natural sources of food, a less diverse range of macro- and microorganisms, and fewer soil habitats in managed forests. Conversely, the importance of abiotic factors in controlling the delivery of these ecosystem goods and services is little changed in managed forests, except for the potential role of external inputs, such as fertilizers and lime, in altering trace gas production, mineralization, and nitrate leaching.
Intensifying forest management decreases the potential for carbon sequestration into the soil, and it also reduces sources of biochemicals and medicines by providing fewer habitats for other organisms. There is considerable diversity of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.870743
Retrieved Text: [SANTIAGO] Deforestation may lead to electricity shortages in tropical rainforest regions that rely heavily on hydropower, as fewer trees mean less rainfall for hydropower generation, a study shows.
For example, if deforestation continues, one of the world's largest dam projects in Brazil will deliver around a third less energy than is currently estimated, according to the research, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) last week (13 May).
Researchers had presumed that cutting down trees near dams increases the flow of water and hence energy production. This is because crops and pastures that replace trees take less water from the ground and lose less moisture by evaporation.
But trees also release water vapour into the atmosphere, which turns into rain and feeds hydroelectric power stations, and this new research suggests that wider deforestation can reduce overall rainfall and therefore energy production. This should be taken into account when planning hydropower developments in tropical regions, say the authors.
Lead author Claudia Stickler and colleagues looked at the link between trees and power generation at Brazil's Belo Monte hydropower complex, which is being built on the Xingu River, a tributary of the Amazon. It is set to be the third largest hydropower project in the world when it is completed in 2015 and is expected to supply 40 per cent of Brazil's energy needs by 2020.
They found that because of current levels of deforestation in the Amazon region, rainfall is already six to seven per cent lower than it would be with full forest cover.
"If forest loss doubles by

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.058777
Retrieved Text: I am in my second year of my BA Hons in Garden Design and we are currently studying hard and soft landscaping. We were given an article for further research which I thought was so fascinating that I had to post and share it.
Urban Heat Islands were discovered as early as 1810, the main identifying features are an overall increase in temperature over surrounding rural areas, but the most marked increase being in the temperature over night. This occurs because the materials used in buildings have a higher thermal conductivity and heat capacity. Waste heat is also generated through urban usage. Large expanses of tarmac contribute to the urban heat island around the edges of towns and cities. Often the extent of the temperature difference is masked as the recording system for many cities is based in parks – out of the way of normal urban life.
The growing season is longer, so a wider range of plants from warmer climates can be grown.
Change in the localised climate – monthly rainfall is greater downwind of cities, between 48 and 116% mare rainfall, even 20 -40 miles away the rainfall can be 28% greater.
The economic benefits of trees have been understood for a long time. Recently, more of these benefits are becoming quantified. Quantification of the economic benefits of trees helps justify public and private expenditures to maintain them. One of the most obvious examples of economic utility is the deciduous tree planted on the south and west of a building. The shade shelters and cools the building

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.5951
Retrieved Text: (Mark Wilson / Globe Staff) University of Vermont graduate student Jared Nunery measures a sugar maple in a study plot in the Mt. Mansfield State Forest in Vermont. Forests are natural storage areas for carbon dioxide.
UNDERHILL, Vt. - Bill Keeton snowshoed into his scientific laboratory - a five-acre forest plot just off a blue-blazed hiking trail.
On this recent snowy day, his forest lab looked utterly natural - a few wind-strewn trees lying under a canopy of beech, birch, and maple. But looks were deceiving; Keeton and others had logged and carefully shaped the wooded slope, using chainsaws and other machinery to emulate what happens in woodlands over centuries.
Using Mother Nature as a blueprint, Keeton, a University of Vermont forestry specialist, has developed a technique that allows for logging while maximizing the carbon kept in the forest and out of the atmosphere, where it can trap the sun's heat and drive global warming.
The work by Keeton and others offers landowners a way both to profit from selling timber - though less than under conventional forestry practices - and contribute to the fight against global warming, at a time when keeping carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases out of the atmosphere is becoming a political, environmental, and economic priority.
"When the climate problem became more public and people began to worry about the amount of carbon we're putting into the air, their eyes began to turn to our forests," said Bob Perschel, northeast region director of the Forest Guild, an association of professional foresters. The best way to keep

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.395094
Retrieved Text: How will the boreal forest react to climate change? How will higher carbon dioxide (CO2) concentrations and warmer temperatures affect the growth and productivity of forest species? Answering these questions is a complex exercise. Over the years, researchers with the Canadian Forest Service (CFS) have been able to provide some answers, especially pertaining to black spruce and white spruce.
This publication reports on studies conducted in the boreal forest on the reaction of black and white spruce trees to increases in CO2 concentrations and temperature.
Should these increases occur, the growing season for black spruce would be shorter, there would be an increase in stand productivity, and a small increase in tree yield in the short term. In the case of white spruce, higher atmospheric temperatures would result in a slight increase in tree yield in the short term. The reaction of white and black spruce trees to new environmental conditions depends on the genetic diversity of of the species’ populations and on their origin.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.269054
Retrieved Text: Many years ago, there were two neighbouring farmers, Fred and Luke, who lived on the edge of a beautiful old forest.
One morning they woke up to find that many of the trees in the forest had been chopped down.
Fred was outraged and immediately went to his neighbour to express his anger.
“I have no idea,” responded Luke calmly.
“Well, I’m going to let everyone know about this travesty, are you coming with me?” Fred asked.
“Aren’t you going to do something?” Fred asked.
“I will.” replied his neighbour.
Fred stormed off and went into the local village where he told everyone he met about what had happened.
Of course the villagers nodded their heads and showed the appropriate amount of sympathy to the farmer.
Fred got home and visited his neighbour again.
“Aren’t you going to do something?” Fred demanded.
Fred stormed off to write his letter to the mayor.
The next morning, Fred went back to his neighbour’s house, but there was no answer at the door. Fred looked around the property and eventually found Luke in the clearing where the trees had been felled.
“I’m planting new trees,” replied Luke.
“Why?” asked a confused Fred.
Sometimes, life doesn’t always go to plan.
Bad things happen to everyone, sometimes even genuine tragedies.
We’ve become very good as a society at complaining about the injustices that we see. When our expectations aren’t met, we are quick to ring someone, update our Facebook status, write an email or perhaps even a blog.
But real change doesn’t happen via a complaints department, it happens through meaningful action.
It happens through Rosa Parks refusing to give

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.016903
Retrieved Text: Rainforests are some of the only pieces of lush wilderness left on the planet. Just about every bit of land that isn’t frozen or desert has been turned into farmland. Unfortunately, deforestation is a big problem. A popular solution has been to offer locals payments for NOT cutting down trees. But does this system actually work? A group of scientists set out to find the answer.
The scientists knew that these bribes could go wrong. According to classical economic theory, people are selfish; they do whatever helps them the most. That means that the villagers could easily just take payments and keep harvesting trees.
Lots of research suggests that adding money to a situation can backfire. The villagers, who may have previously valued the forest for itself, might now start to look at it just as a source of income. After the bribes, they might cut down even more trees as a result.
So the researchers ran an experiment with 1,200 forest users living in 54 rural villages around the world. They had them play a game that simulated getting paid to not cut down trees.
As it turns out, the bribes seemed to work. The idea that people are totally selfish and do whatever is best for themselves didn’t actually hold up in this experiment. Villagers really did choose to chop fewer trees after receiving the payment. Yet another drop in the increasingly full bucket that classical economic theory is kind of absurd.
As for the idea that adding money would make villagers value the forest less — not so

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.935343
Retrieved Text: How large-scale global patterns and the environment affect biological diversity.
How climate, bedrock, soils, and the geography of life are related to one another.
What biotic provinces and biomes are, and how they differ.
How plate tectonics affects biogeography.
• How people affect the geography of life.
How the introduction of exotic species into new habitats typically affects the new habitats.
ecosystem; examples are desert, grasslands, and rain forest.
separate parts of a biome develop along similar lines and have similar external form and function.
separately because of geographic isolation.
the fewer species the island will contain.
“mainland,” the fewer species it can support.
conservation and sustainable use of their resources.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.599579
Retrieved Text: Confidence Levels: Are you sure you’re sure?
“For example?” the friend asks.
Her little decisions and his big ones are distinguished by more than just scale. The little ones are practical; the big ones are abstract. The little ones have direct consequences. Assuming the husband is not a government leader, the big ones have no practical consequence.
Lately I’ve been interested in another difference. Often, the bigger the decision, the less potential for verifying whether it is made correctly, and the less confident we should be about it.
As I noted in the last couple of columns, it’s relatively easy by trial and error to figure out that raccoons are trespassing in the kitchen and upsetting and eating the garbage. It’s harder to figure out what’s eating at you psychologically, upsetting your internal garbage. You can guess at reasons, but how would you test whether your guesses are correct? The more complex the potential interactions involved, the harder it is by trial and error to figure out what causes what. Deciding whether the U.S. should invade Iraq is a big decision—big, as in ungainly and complex. It’s hard to know what the consequences will be.
By “complex” I mean something specific, well understood in the field of complexity theory. To illustrate, imagine that you have a computer simulation of a forest in which you can set the average distance between trees. If the trees are set close together, then the probability is very high that what affects one tree will affect its neighbors. A fire in one tree will soon spread

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.404419
Retrieved Text: involves creating learning models known as ensembles.
powerful than any of its individual learning models alone.
they'll tend to make different kinds of mistakes on the data set.
each individual model might overfit to a different part of the data.
of overfitting while maintaining strong prediction performance.
Random forests are an example of the ensemble idea applied to decision trees.
achieve very good results on a wide variety of problems.
the RandomForestRegressor class both in the sklearn ensemble module.
that decision trees tend to be prone to overfitting the training data.
often on the order of tens or hundreds of trees.
constructed to be different in some way from the other trees in the forest.
introducing random variation into the process of building each decision tree.
This random variation during tree building happens in two ways.
the features chosen in each split tests are also randomly selected.
To create a random forest model you first decide on how many trees to build.
a different random sample of the data called the bootstrap sample.
Bootstrap samples are commonly used in statistics and machine learning.
that is, allowing for the possibility of picking the same row again at each selection.
You repeat this random selection process N times.
due to the nature of the random selection with replacement.
a standard decision tree but with one important difference.
the best split is found within that smaller subset of features.
each stage is controlled by the max_features parameter.
the decision trees and the random forest will be different.
The random forest model is quite sensitive to the max_features parameter.
selected randomly instead of being able to take the best split over several variables.
possibly with many

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.354836
Retrieved Text: Without trees, there’s no environment for life on earth. Every living creature is affected by the health of the world’s tree population.
Trees influence everything from the environment to our physical health. As the world’s tree population diminishes, ignorance and inaction are no longer viable options concerning our forest and urban tree population.
fasttreeremovalatlanta.com gathered information on the importance of trees in our forests and urban settings for the environment, wildlife, and human health.
The importance of our forests to the health of our planet cannot be overstated. One of the primary functions of trees is to consume CO2 from the atmosphere and release oxygen to it through the process of photosynthesis.
In fact, our forests are responsible for 35% of the oxygen used by the Earth’s inhabitants, soil stabilization, flood control, fresh water purification, and cooling the planet.
Forest trees play an intricate role in keeping the planet cool, by regulating the exchange of solar energy and water between the planet’s surface and atmosphere, trees are one of the planet’s most significant defense mechanisms in stopping global warming.
Of the approximately 3 trillion trees growing today, 15 billion are felled, die, or are lost in wildfires each year. If these numbers are left unaddressed, our planet will lose its last tree in roughly two hundred years. Then, slowly, all life will expire as the world becomes inhospitable.
Visit fasttreeremovalatlanta.com/trees-dying-all-over-the-world to read more about the plight of trees on a global scale.
Improved Air Quality – Besides the oxygen they produce, trees absorb and store carbon dioxide. Trees also act as a filter by

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.346191
Retrieved Text: There are essentially two broad categories of forest harvests; those done purely for commercial purposes without regard to future growth and forest development, and those done to promote a sustainable forest. It is crucial that landowners recognize this difference and understand the impacts each of these harvests will have on their forest both now and into the future.
When the decision is made to harvest a forest, a forester is immediately interested in regeneration and the steps that will be taken to insure that a high quality young forest is set to replace the older forest that is harvested. Here is where silviculture really gets interesting. Foresters will consider a whole host of factors, such as tree species, tree value and markets, availability of loggers and equipment, desires of the forest owner, quality of the site, and others, to select an appropriate method of regeneration. To a forester, what is left on the site is much more important than what is removed from the site.
Silviculture: The art and science of establishing, tending, harvesting and regenerating forest stands to meet the needs of landowners on a sustainable basis.
Stand: A group of trees that occupy an area of uniform site quality that are uniform in species composition, age, and structure.
Sustainable harvest practices are those which take into consideration regeneration and the long-term well-being of the forest. In a sustainable harvest either the best trees will be left standing until a new forest of younger, healthy trees begins to grow underneath it, or everything will be removed so there is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.242014
Retrieved Text: Queen Victoria is supposed to have insisted that 'coals' for the palace fires were made trom trees at Burnham Beeches, near Slough. These trees, distorted by centuries of lopping and regrowth are typical ot many old woods near London. Dozens more must have been uprooted and built over. In addition there are about 25,000 acres ot beech - tall forest, not ruined coppices - within an hour's drive from London. Their presence is mainly due to the furniture industry. The work of the chair makers was done halt in the woods, the 'sticks' being turned on open-air treadle lathes. These men and their masters were careful not to use up the wood faster than it grew.
Now their trees are tall - the last chair bodger retired a few years ago. The National Trust protects some of the woods, others are still managed for timber. Beech is next to oak in value and, sawn instead of split and turned, is still a basic material of furniture - not always visibly. Much of the wood is imported. The greatest concentration of beechwoods is on the Chiltern Hills. The trees thrive as no other on the steep escarpment of the chalk, their long roots exposed on the shallow soil. But they reach their most majestic heights on the plateaux above, where the chalk is overlaid with deeper soil.
Beech is not exclusively a calcicole: it will grow on many well-drained soils.
In the northern part of Epping Forest it shares the gravelly ground with hornbeam.
At Burnham Beeches there is gravel, little

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.175228
Retrieved Text: Wildlife: Birds, amphibians like the endemic toad Bufo Holdridgei, Baird´s Tapir and Jaguars and Pumas.
Why isn’t this Volcano as popular as Poas and Irazu?
When I was in college, we took a class called: Geography of Costa Rica and we studied about Poás, Barva and Irazú volcanoes. Surprisingly, since that class, I learned that this volcano has the same type of forest and is the same distance from the Central Valley as the other two volcanos, but it gets way fewer visitors per year. The main reason is the access to the park is way more difficult than the other two volcanoes. To put in two words, the route is Narrow and Steep.
You will need a SUV or a 4WD car, especially if you are going during the rainy season, no doubt.
By car, you can only access the volcano in a SUV or 4WD.
Leave your car 3 kilometers before the entrance and walk to the main entrance.
To get there by bus, you will have to walk around 8 kilometers to the entrance.
Another factor is that the park hasn’t been as promoted as much as the other two, so mainly locals visit the park during the weekends. I read on a couple of blogs that some tourists got there during a weekday and even the rangers were surprised by the visit.
In one sense, this is good because it makes the area quieter for birdwatchers and photographers and good for hikers since the access requires more effort. It’s ideal for people who are looking for a forest area similar

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.014154
Retrieved Text: Magnolia grandis is one of the world’s most threatened trees with a total population of fewer than 120 adult trees. It is also one of the most beautiful, boasting dark red fragrant flowers and long leathery leaves.
Habitat loss and illegal logging is thought to be largely responsible for the species’ decline.
Until recently the species was thought to occur only in Southern China, with fewer than 50 trees restricted to a few patches of limestone forest equivalent to less than 10km2 in area.
However, Global Trees Campaign surveys carried out in 2014-15 have found 61 mature trees in three protected areas in northern Vietnam, providing hope that there may yet be more individuals to be discovered for this incredibly rare species.
The discovery was made by Center for Plant Conservation Vietnam who are now working with local people to protect these rare trees.
Community conservation teams regularly patrol the remaining populations and also collect seed from the trees which are then sown in local nurseries. Seedlings are then cared for until they are ready to be planted back out into the forest.
Local people in three villages are now helping to boost the future population size of this highly threatened species. During 2015 and 2016, more than 1,000 Magnolia grandis trees were planted back out into three community forests.
Community conservation teams are now protecting these young trees to ensure that they grow and survive.
Botanic gardens in China are also working to ensure that backup populations exist ex situ. The species is currently found in five ex situ conservation collections.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.927063
Retrieved Text: WIP Douglas Rally (Freeroam Rally Stage).
Discussion in 'Terrains, Levels, Maps' started by Danny Werewolf, Jan 24, 2019.
This is my first map, Rally Stage...well, first decent attempt at a map. I really like playing on Rally Forest and DiRT4, so I was wondering what it would be like to play a lengthy, linear rally stage. I still don't have any ideas for names. I would love some suggestions.
Just tell me if there's anything you want to tell me... Most recent updates are my recent posts, I doubt I'm gonna update the OP often.
It looks pretty nice actually. Gotta say though, the amount of trees you have is really going to effect performance.
that long turn with the mud outside looks harsh, in a good way lol.
maybe add more bumps in the actual path, maybe even some large-ish holes, and areas where the side of the path is sort of "washed away" into the mud. obviously the details aren't done yet, but i think you should add some more interesting decoration on the sides of the path (like twigs, stones, large bushes, dead shrubs, logs/fallen trees, flowers, etc.) to add more immersion, realism, and interest factor.
and speaking of immersion and realism, is there a way to blend that gravel texture better with the rest of the dirt? it doesn't look bad how it is, but it could be a bit less of a hard edge, and a bit more of an imperfect scatter of dirt and rocks mixing.
the amount of trees you have is really going to effect performance.
I

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.820427
Retrieved Text: Simplification is key. If you take a complex idea and condense it into something comprehensible, everyone can move on with their lives just a bit easier. Yet in the effort to simplify the city’s convoluted tree ordinance, the main goal behind the Tree Canopy Preservation Ordinance revision, simplification could be considered a death warrant for San Antonio’s older trees.
At the stakeholder committee meeting on Tuesday, July 14, no one probably intended a death warrant. People from both the developer and the conservation perspective make up this committee. According to a Development Services official who helped select the committee, Fernando De Leon, City Planning works frequently with the groups that provided the committee members: the Independent School Districts, The Citizens Tree Coalition, The Greater San Antonio Builders Association, etc. “We feel that we’ve created a balanced committee,” said De Leon. The committee’s schedule indicates that the revised ordinance should be submitted to the City Council by February of 2010.
One central change is that the percentage of trees developers must preserve is based on the tree canopy alone. While it might not appear too dangerous at first glance, many environmentalists are wary because this adjustment potentially allows for favoring new trees over the older more beneficial trees.
Since the amount of trees preserved will be based on the tree canopy instead of tree species and trunk width, developers have the option to consider details such as the species and age of a tree if they feel the monetary savings warrant the preservation of older trees. At last Tuesday’s stakeholder

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.653156
Retrieved Text: Changes in forest structure that result from silviculture, including timber harvest, can positively or negatively affect bird species that use forests. Because many bird species associated with mature forests are facing population declines, managers need to know how timber harvesting affects species of birds that rely on mature trees or forests for breeding, foraging, and other purposes. We used generalized linear mixed models to determine effects of clearcutting, shelterwood, single-tree selection, and group selection on detection of 18 species of bird associated with mature forests in the Ouachita Mountains of Oklahoma and Arkansas. We surveyed birds for 16 years after harvest. Most species (67%) responded positively to partial harvest that retained some overstory. Less intensive harvests had positive effects on more species and negative effects on fewer species than more intensive harvests, but responses to different treatments varied among species. Five species showed a significant positive response to the most intensive harvest (clearcuts), whereas 2 species showed a negative response. For the second most-intensive harvest (shelterwoods), 7 species showed a significant positive response and 1 species showed a negative response. For the less-intensive harvests, 9 species showed a positive response and no species had negative responses to single-tree selection, whereas 7 species had positive and no species showed negative responses to group selection. Ovenbird (Seiurus aurocapilla) and scarlet tanager (Piranga olivacea) responded negatively to all timber harvests; ovenbird appeared to be particularly susceptible to timber harvest, especially more intensive harvests such as clearcut and shelterwood. A variety of regeneration methods, including some more intensive treatments, along

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.652145
Retrieved Text: Amazon recently opened new offices that resemble a rainforest and are completely covered in 40,000 plants. Why?
Not just for aesthetic reasons, but because the forward-thinking company is well aware of all the research that shows spending time in nature is good for our attention, creativity, and mood.
But according to a new book titled Forest Bathing that’s out in April, the benefits of spending time among trees are even greater than even these impressive benefits.
Forests don’t just affect us mentally, they affect us physically as well.
Trees are basically a wonder drug, argues the author Qing Li.
The book is a scientific exploration of the Japanese practice of “forest bathing,” or spending extended periods in natural environments to boost health and well being.
The term can sound a little woo-woo at first, but as Li, a doctor and chairman of the Japanese Society for Forest Medicine, explains, the idea is anything but New Age nonsense.
The answer is probably quite a lot. And drug companies, if they had such a medicine, would happily oblige by charging you an arm and a leg for it.
But fortunately, nature isn’t patented by big pharma and, therefore, accessing this profound health booster involves nothing more difficult or expensive than a trip to you nearest park.
And how about dosage? How long do you need to spend among the trees? “Li might ask, ‘How long have you got?'” responds Quartz. “Weeks of forest bathing would be fantastic. But four hours is also great, and two hours will more than do.
In fact, he thinks we can benefit from

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.582666
Retrieved Text: Most of the things that affect home value are obvious. You can look at size, location and all the facts and figures included in online home listings, and most of the time the number on a home’s price tag makes sense. Sometimes, though, there are oddball factors hidden in plain sight. They can secretly add or subtract thousands of dollars when you never would have guessed it. Check out five of the weirder reasons that a home’s value can rise or fall.
We often talk about how high-quality schools and parks raise property value, but a home’s proximity to Trader Joe’s grocery store can also do wonders. According to a study by real estate research group ATTOM Data Solutions, the average value of homes near Trader Joe’s have soared over the last five years. It could be that Trader Joe’s has a knack for predicting the next up-and-coming neighborhood, or that its very presence alone creates new up-and-coming neighborhoods. Whatever the case may be, the results are something for any aspiring homeowner to consider.
What’s in a name? More than you might think. If you live on a “street” as opposed to a “boulevard” for example, chances are that home will sell for a little less. This is according to a study in the New York Times that compiled years of data about sales and listings. Homes on “streets” are almost always among the least valuable – partly because the suffix became popular in the 50s and homes located on “streets” tend to be a little older. While

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.557749
Retrieved Text: Quite recently there was a quite big rockslide in the mountains where Iive. A lot of trees were killed and splintered by huge rocks thrashing down. I went up to have a look and it struck me what an enormous resource this kind of disturbance would give a person or group without metal tools.
The splintered trees can relatively easily be made into skis, cutting boards, paddles, bows, arrows and a host of other useful items, which normally can require a lot of work with a stone chopping tool, sometimes even with a metal one.
Many of the birches have had their bark broken open and ruined, but it is still usable for torches and firelighting. The occasional one is also good enough for crafts or thatching. The advantage is that you can skin the whole tree without felling it yourself first.
In some areas these rockslides will expose good tool-stone. In this case the stone seemed mostly usable for very crude tools.
When the path of the slide starts to recover from the destruction, raspberries and hazel are likely to be colonizers along with herbs like dandelion. They will in time stabilize the slide and produce quite a bit of food due to the sunny and nutrient rich conditions.
In my opinion, these kind of natural desturbances were virtually indispensable for stone age forest people who didn’t have good stone axes.
For several years I have been experimenting quite a bit with burning of lands to add variation, stability and abundance. The results are still far from conclusive as several of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.370033
Retrieved Text: A Teflon enclosure captures VOCs emitted from a flowering branch. Photo by Romain Baghi.
INSTAAR scientists are busy climbing trees. They are in the middle of an experiment to study volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that different tree species emit into the air.
A flux experiment on loblolly pine trees in the Duke Forest, North Carolina, August 2005. The Teflon bag around the branch holds in VOCs emitted by the pine needles so that they can be measured. Photo by John Ortega, INSTAAR.
VOCs are organic chemicals that turn into vapor easily. The sharp scent of pine needles, for instance, is caused by monoterpenes, which are among the group of VOCs. Trees use VOCs to attract pollinators and repel harmful insects and animals. Trees also produce VOCs in response to stress.
In the atmosphere, VOCs interact with nitrogen oxides and sunlight to produce ozone and other chemicals. While much is known about how trees remove pollutants from the air by absorbing carbon dioxide, less is known about the more subtle effects of VOC acting upon the oxidizing chemistry of the atmosphere.
The team is focusing on sesquiterpene, a particular kind of VOC that may be especially important in atmospheric chemistry. Sesquiterpenes are suspected to be main ingredients in the blue haze that gives its name to the Smoky Mountains and Blue Ridge Mountains of Appalachia, U.S.A., and the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.
The team wants to collect data on sesquiterpene emission rates from different species of trees, and find out how those rates depend on local environmental conditions, like the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.35174
Retrieved Text: A new study suggests that young forests that are thinned early can grow bigger, healthier trees that are more adapted to a shifting climate. Moreover, although a thinned forest has far fewer trees than an un-thinned one, in time the total amount of carbon sequestrated by the two should be nearly identical.
By the middle of this century, average CO2 levels in the atmosphere might be higher than they ever were in the last 50 million years. As things stand today, humanity is unwillingly embarking on a huge science experiment which all signs point to catastrophic climate change. Mitigating greenhouse gases will undoubtedly be one of the biggest challenges we will face in the coming decades as people transition from “this might be a problem” to “oh, crap!”.
The problem with CO2 is that it’s a very resilient molecule that can remain suspended in the atmosphere for up to two centuries. This means that even if we somehow miraculously halt all the CO2-producing industry in the world, the temperature won’t roll back to pre-Industrial Age levels. It won’t dip at all, for that matter, since the damage we’ve caused so far has already locked us in for 1.5 degrees C of warming by some estimates.
A lot of people would feel the solution to our problem is trivial: just add more trees. Things aren’t that simple though.
Typically, a tree absorbs as much as 48 pounds (21 kg) of carbon dioxide per year and can sequester 1 ton of carbon dioxide by the time it reaches 40 years old. The

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.338892
Retrieved Text: Take a walk through the woods, and you’ll likely find yourself surrounded by tall, healthy trees—nature’s beauty in full effect. Achieving such majesty doesn’t come easily for trees in your backyard though.
Yards are a much more challenging environment for trees.
Soil found on the forest floor is rich in nutrients that come from fallen leaves and twigs. When we remove those leaves from our yard, the soil on our property has fewer nutrients to offer. Combine that with the fact that trees are competing with hungry lawns and other plants for resources, and it’s a less-than-ideal situation for growth and development.
Replenishing nutrients lost during the summer.
Decreasing stress on trees, making them healthier and more capable of resisting diseases and insects.
Supporting healthy, deep roots that anchor trees.
Promoting healthy growth in trees, with improved size and color.
So, how do you choose the right fertilizer for your trees?
Through extensive research and testing, Davey Tree has found that the ideal tree fertilizer contains a very similar makeup of nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium as the natural soil found in the forest. Look for a product that includes: 30 percent nitrogen, 10 percent phosphorus and 7 percent potassium. This typically is listed on all packaging as “30-10-7.”A slow-release fertilizer is also preferred, as it will feed your trees over an extended period.
Fall is the perfect time to fertilize your trees. Contact your local Davey arborist to schedule a free consultation.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.302088
Retrieved Text: One of the questions we often ask about forests is simply, “What’s out there?” What species are growing there? What does the forest look like visually? What is the proportion of small to large trees? Is there a tree canopy with a shrub layer underneath, or is the understory mainly herbaceous plants? Are snags or large fallen logs present? How dense is the forest? Do the trees have ample room to grow or are they crowded together? Forests display an array of species and structural arrangements (Figure 5.1).
Figure 5.1. Examples of various forest stand structures.
A common task of the forest technician is to provide data to answer these questions. A survey called a stand exam is just that – an examination of the composition and structure of the forest. Once an assessment of the current conditions is completed, then questions about “What’s out there?” can be addressed more readily.
Stand Structure refers to the overall “look” of a forest stand (Figure 5.1). It is the “horizontal and vertical distribution of components of a stand, including the height, diameter, crown layers and stems of trees, shrubs, herbaceous understory, snags and down woody debris” (Helms 1998).
As one might imagine, the structure of a forest changes over time, as trees grow, as fungi rot the wood, as insects or fire move through, as light conditions change, and so on. Therefore, a stand exam is always a measure of a forest at a point in time – a snapshot, not a hard and fast truism. To successfully manage for wildlife habitat,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.154867
Retrieved Text: With confirmation from the DNR, the city is holding a special deer bow hunt again this fall to help keep the deer population at a healthy level. The hunt runs from October 22 through December 20. Hunters are working with the Nature Center to ensure that visitors may safely use the trails while the hunt is in progress. All hunters were required to pass a proficiency test and complete their bowhunter education course before applying to participate in the hunt. Deer stands must be located 100 feet from trails and 150 feet from structures.
"This summer, a group of students and I scared up a doe and two fawns as we hiked up to the tower. It was majestic watching those fawns leap through the prairie trying to keep up with their mom. I loved that sight, yet I worried. This fall, we will be planting 50 oak trees on the north end. Based on experience planting trees here at the Nature Center, I know that deer can be very hard on newly planted trees.
"As you may have heard, we at the Jay C. Hormel Nature Center, and elsewhere in the city of Austin, are holding a special deer hunt this fall. DNR biologists think that the deer population is too high in town and at the Nature Center. The purpose of the hunt is twofold: improve our ecosystem by reducing the deer herd’s population so that it is closer to a sustainable carrying capacity, and balance our desire to see these animals with our understanding that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.097685
Retrieved Text: History[ edit ] Precursors of the idea of ecological succession go back to the beginning of the 19th century. The French naturalist Adolphe Dureau de la Malle was the first to make use of the word succession concerning the vegetation development after forest clear-cutting. In 1859 Henry David Thoreau wrote an address called "The Succession of Forest Trees"  in which he described succession in an oak-pine forest.
Cowles[ edit ] The Indiana Dunes on Lake Michigan, which stimulated Cowles' development of his theories of ecological succession Henry Chandler Cowlesat the University of Chicagodeveloped a more formal concept of succession. Inspired by studies of Danish dunes by Eugen WarmingCowles studied vegetation development on sand dunes on the shores of Lake Michigan the Indiana Dunes.
He recognized that vegetation on dunes of different ages might be interpreted as different stages of a general trend of vegetation development on dunes an approach to the study of vegetation change later termed space-for-time substitution, or chronosequence studies. He first published this work as a paper in the Botanical Gazette in 1899 "The ecological relations of the vegetation of the sand dunes of Lake Michigan".
In this classic publication and subsequent papers, he formulated the idea of primary succession and the notion of a sere —a repeatable sequence of community changes specific to particular environmental circumstances. Clements explicitly analogized the successional development of ecological communities with ontogenetic development of individual organisms, and his model is often referred to as the pseudo-organismic theory of community ecology.
Clements and his followers developed a complex taxonomy of communities

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.077112
Retrieved Text: April’s tornadoes will long be remembered for laying waste to lives and homes and buildings. Less noticed has been the destruction beyond neighborhoods and towns.
The storms also sliced through miles of valuable timber, and those losses might not be fully realized for years.
Alabama’s forest and timberland losses from the tornadoes that hit the state on April 15 and April 27 stand at more than a 204,000 acres valued at more than $266 million, according to a preliminary assessment by the Alabama Forestry Commission.
And those figures could get higher. That’s because damaged and downed trees remain an immediate fuel for forest fires that could spread to healthy woodlands, especially during the current drought. Also, the longer damaged, dead and dying trees remain in woods, the more susceptible surrounding healthier trees become to insect infestation and disease, said Assistant State Forester Patrick Glass.
Only Hurricane Ivan in 2004 was more devastating to the state’s forests than the April tornadoes.
Ivan caused about $475 million in damage, mostly in southern Alabama, while the tornadoes’ destruction was in central and northern Alabama.
But, while Ivan was more costly, conditions made salvaging the storm-damaged timber easier, Glass said.
The nation’s economy was much stronger in 2004, and paper mills and sawmills were eager to buy the salvageable wood, he said, while today’s economy is stagnant, and there’s less demand for wood products.
One of the challenges as forest salvaging efforts get under way will be finding markets for the wood. In addition to the weak economy, as the tornadoes hit, many of the Southeast’s paper mills

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.048038
Retrieved Text: Students will identify different types of forest management.
PA Environment and Ecology 4.4.5 C. (Investigate the factors influencing plant and animal growth).
PA Environment and Ecology 4.5.8 A. (Explain how Best Management Practices can be used to mitigate environmental problems).
Day 1: Introduction- Students will be shown a picture of a well managed forest and a picture of a forest that has not been well managed (both forests are roughly the same age). Students will be asked to orally reflect on what they see and to determine which forest is well managed and which forest has not.
Activity: The teacher will show students cards with different factors that affect a forest’s health (see attachment 1). Teacher will explain all unfamiliar words. Students will group the cards into three categories- healthy, not healthy, and depends on the forest. After the students have finished the activity the teacher will lead a discussion to help correct any student misconceptions. Students will identify that well managed forests have different types of trees, different ages of trees, and access to sun, water, good soil, and nutrients.
Conclusion/ Evaluation: Students will be asked to draw a picture of a well managed forest using crayons, markers, and white paper.
Day 2: Introduction: Teacher lead review discussion on the characteristics of well managed forests and not well managed forests.
Activity: Students will look at pictures of well managed forests that are different ages and asked their opinions on them. Students will identify the differences and changes in the pictures. The teacher will discuss how all the forest are healthy and well

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.000692
Retrieved Text: For many people, a walk in the woods affords many great sights — stately old trees, flowering shrubs, and the occasional blur of color as a bird whizzes past. But fewer people keep an eye on the forest floor, save maybe to avoid tripping on an exposed root. The forest floor, however, is constantly abuzz with activity, though that’s not always clear to the untrained eye.
In Minnesota’s forests, earthworms are one of the most abundant and active residents. However, the earthworm, a small but powerful ecosystem engineer, is not actually native to Minnesota.
This comes as a surprise to many people, but because of historical glaciation, there are no native earthworms in Minnesota and much of the upper Midwest. While native earthworms exist in other parts of the country, the earthworms in Minnesota are all European species, brought over with European settlers in the 1800s. (Asian worm species are now invading our region as well.) Some have invaded Minnesota’s forests, most notably species in the Lumbricus genus, such as nightcrawlers and the red wriggler/red worm.
Our forests evolved to have thick leaf litter and duff layers – "duff" is a term for the partially decomposed material that lies just above the mineral soil. If you’ve ever noticed a forest floor that feels spongy and soft under your feet, there was probably a thick leaf litter and duff layer. Our native forest vegetation evolved to germinate and grow in this thick, moist, nutrient-rich ground layer.
Unfortunately, earthworms speed up the decomposition process, leading to rapid losses of litter and duff.

================



======= Instance Index 1 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Water in the clouds becomes very cold
- The cold water forms ice crystals
- The ice crystals grow by absorbing surrounding water droplets
- Form snowflakes
- The snowflakes fall to the ground.

Question:
suppose less cubes will have water to freeze happens, how will it affect LESS snow.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.60897
Retrieved Text: When you look at pictures of individual snowflakes, the snowflakes are clear. So why is snow white and not clear?
First, it's important to understand what's going on when we see certain colors. Visible light from the Sun or other light source comes in a variety of wavelengths that human eyes interpret as colors. When light interacts with an object, the wavelengths that the object reflects or absorbs determines what color our eyes perceive. When an object reflects all the wavelengths of light from the Sun that are in the visible spectrum, the object appears white. Something like a fire truck appears red because the paint reflects back certain wavelengths in the red area of the visible spectrum, while absorbing the rest.
This now brings us to water, snowflakes, and snow. Pure water is quite clear, meaning the wavelengths of light more or less pass right through it, rather than being reflected back to your eyeballs. Individual snowflakes are somewhat clear, but a large concentration of these ends up being white, meaning all the light is reflected back, rather than passing straight through. So what gives?
The key here is the way that light interacts with the mass of complex shaped snowflakes and air known as snow. Much like with water, light bends when it enters into a piece of ice, causing ice cubes or icicles to appear murky even when made from clean water. The tiny snowflakes, or ice crystals, that make up a snow bank all each bend light somewhat like an ice cube, though not quite

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.34032
Retrieved Text: Ice machines are utilized to make and preserve ice in packaging firms, hospitals, office lunchrooms, supermarkets, nightclubs, bars, restaurants and hotels. If you’re in the residential business, then buying high end ice maker machine will assure which you always have an enough supply of ice to cater your clients. It’ll relieve you the fear of lacking behind the ice during peak times or an unexpected rise in demand.
Today, the outlet provides a wide array of ice makers which produce distinct sorts of ice, incorporating crushed ice, ice nuggets, ice flakes, ice cubes and ice chips. But, it’s very vital to purchase equipment as per your business requirements. In scenario you want standardize ice cubes, you might choose for a cube Sonic ice machine residential. Flakes snow makers are appropriate for firms included in preservation of meat, sea food or other perishable foods. Nugget snow making devices are suitable for you if you operate a beverage business.
The ice makers are even categorized as per their cooling units, such as water cooling machines and air cooling machines. Consider which cooling unit is finest for your home business environment. The air cooling ice instruments are eco friendly, simple to install as well as less costly But, they want more room to function as well as to produce a lot of sound. Water cooling appliances are more costly to function however more reliable. These equipments produce less heat and don’t affect a room temperature. Also, they need less room than that of air cooling instruments. They are apt when there

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.219204
Retrieved Text: How Long Does It Take to Make Ice Cubes?
While many may absentmindedly fill their ice cube trays and forget about them until the ice has frozen, it can be interesting to consider just how long it takes for those ice cubes to freeze completely.
What are the variables involved? Are some methods of making ice faster than others? We’re going to answer those questions here so that you can learn which ice-making methods are most efficient, as well as how long you can expect it to take for your regular tray to make ice.
Oh, and if you're looking for the best kind of portable ice machine, that you can even take camping, you should check out this article.
Are There Any Faster Methods To Make Ice?
There are a couple of things to consider here. The first is the overall size of the cubes you’re making. If they’re smaller cubes, then there is less water to freeze. Therefore, they will freeze more quickly.
The second aspect to consider is the surface area involved. For example, if you’re making wider cubes that are thinner, they’ll freeze more quickly than thick cubes. If you have a tray that allows for some air space in between each cube, that will also help them to freeze more quickly.
You’ll also need to pay attention to the temperature in your freezer as you work to freeze the water. Typically, if your freezer has nothing else in it or everything else inside has already been thoroughly frozen, your freezer will be able to work at its most

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.15933
Retrieved Text: People love parties. People love their iced party drinks, and summertime is party time! BUT….how, in the summer heat, do we keep our ice cold and slow the melting process? We have some tips to keep your party-ice cold and party-ready.
An extra freezer is the best option; most often though, you must use coolers. When choosing the best coolers to use, try to choose light colors. Light colors absorb less heat; therefore will help to keep your ice from melting.
Also, try to avoid placing your coolers in direct sunlight. If possible, store coolers indoors. If outdoors, avoid metal coolers and buckets. The next step is to line the coolers with aluminum foil, bottom and sides. If you have enough space, you can put bubble wrap under the foil to add additional insulation. After filling the coolers with bags of ice, cover each cooler with a blanket.
Another tip for party-ice storage is to use ice blocks instead of cubes. Large pieces of ice have less surface area so are less prone to melting.
Frozen ice packs are a great option also. You can line your cooler or another ice container with the frozen ice packs to insulate bags of ice.
Personal sized frozen water bottles placed strategically within your ice will help keep your ice cold plus guests can pick them out for drinking.
A few days before your party or event, fill empty 2-liter bottles with water and freeze. When preparing your ice storage coolers, set a couple of frozen bottles in your cooler with your ice cubes to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.635868
Retrieved Text: The first snowfall of the year is always exciting, isn’t it? You love crunching through the snow, making a snowman and hefting snowballs at your brother. By March, though, you’re probably tired of the snow and ready for spring. Have you ever wondered how snow is made, though?
Snow occurs when water vapors in the air freeze before they can turn into water. This happens when the temperature in the clouds is very cold. Snowflakes are made up of crystals of ice that have formed around bits of dirt in the air. The snowflakes start out very small and grow. Each snowflake is different and might contain up to 200 crystals.
How is snow made? Snow occurs when water vapors in the air freeze before they can turn into water. This happens when the temperature in the clouds is very cold.
Blizzards bring snow, strong winds and cold temperatures. They can last for several days.
A blizzard happens when cold air sits near the Earth’s surface, while warm air sits above it. This mix of air combined with lots of moisture makes a blizzard. Blizzards bring snow, strong winds and cold temperatures. They can last for several days.
Sleet is tiny rain particles that freeze on their way down. Brrr!
Have you ever noticed a thin, white layer of ice crystals on the ground in the fall? This is frost. It happens when the air temperature drops below freezing and water droplets freeze.
Avalanches happen when unstable sheets of snow break off a mountain slope and race downward in a river of snow.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.24077
Retrieved Text: Easily - the best way to make the perfect shaped super large whisky ice ball spheres. Every man and woman that loves a good scotch needs a decent whiskey ball maker. And this incredible 4 ice ball mould tray makes the perfect perfect spherical ice cubes for the stiffest of drinks. The large BPA Free silicone ice sphere mould tray will allow you to produce incredibly shaped large ice balls - for cooling world class whiskeys without dilution. And they last longer and melt way slower. The secret behind is the spherical shape which allows the ice to melt slower resulting in better cooling and less dilution of your beverage. . Trust me you'll never want to use regular old boring ice cubes ever again. Frozen balls will be the way of your future and there will be no turning back. Features: Make 4 super large jumbo ice ball spheres with ease Each mold makes an ice ball approximately 2 inches (4.5 cm) in diameter Easy to fill and easy to release flexible silicone Ice Spheres melt slower than regular ice resulting in keeping your drink colder and less water diluting your drink Get Creative - Ice balls can be flavored colored or even filled with fresh fruit or mint leaves! Easy to wash and re-use - dishwasher safe Made from 100% Food-grade silicone These large ice balls melt slower than ice cubes so your drink will not become diluted with water. And for an added treat freeze your favorite juice coffee or drink into ice

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.027454
Retrieved Text: Add strawberries, lemon juice and honey to a blender. Blend until smooth.
Pour sparkling water and strawberry puree into a pitcher and stir.
Make sure to blend up the honey, lemon juice, and strawberries up really well because it will be chunky if your don’t.
You have to strain the seeds from the lemonade also freeze the lemonade into ice cubes so when they melt it doesn’t get watered down.
You could really taste the honey and it was very sour. You could substitute honey for agave syrup which has less of a flavour.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.98808
Retrieved Text: Ice dams occur when water that is running from melting snow and ice, freezes in an area that causes accumulation of this ice and creates a dam effect, causing additional ice build-up and issues such as safety hazards, or leaking roofs.
Where are the most common areas that ice dams occur?
Roof edge or eave; the edge of your roof or the eave is the most common area for ice dams to occur. These types of dams can cause major issues in the home or other structure, due to the backing up of water under the roofing material and leaking into the interior of the structure.
The reason that ice dams commonly occur at the edge of the roof, is easily figured out. If the roof has a layer of snow and ice that has accumulated on the roof especially the north or west sides of the structure, thawing of this ice and snow will cause water to drain down the roof. If the temperature is cold enough, the water will not remain liquid all the way down the roof. If the water does not remain liquid all the way down and off the roof and freezes up somewhere on the roof, this ice will cause any water draining to accumulate against this ice. As the water stops flowing and collects, it will freeze and the ice dam starts to build up.
Once the ice dam starts to build up, the water that is still draining off the roof will accumulate against the upper side of the ice dam, and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.57102
Retrieved Text: I love this site... it just keeps going on and on...! Thanks!
My question is... If I need to buy non-organic greens (sometimes organic is priced alright... but not usually.) Do I still get the health benefits from the non-organic? I hope you know what I mean.
I guess you could say I am a "purist" but since our budget doesn't allow for that... I feel like I am in a stuck place, and yet I think my family would still benefit, right?!
I'm also thinking I just need to get out there and garden!
Is it necessary to use organic greens in your smoothies? No! It is not necessary. I am all for organic greens. But many of the scientific studies done with diets that contain high amounts of fresh produce are done with conventionally grown food!
I understand how difficult it can be to eat healthfully on a budget. But I found that buying the "organic" chips, drinks, and processed foods were really what was breaking my bank account. When I focus more on using fresh produce that is in season and whole grains (rice, quinoa, beans, etc), my grocery bill is actually quite a bit less.
Price shop at different stores in your area. I find that most of the organic produce is much cheaper at my local health food store than my local grocery store.
Buy organic greens or fruit in bulk. Store what you can use in less than a week in the fridge and store the rest in the freezer for future smoothies.
For instance, greens are very

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.481075
Retrieved Text: Do you find yourself using only half a stock cube for a dish and throwing the other half away? Read our tips to save them for future use.
– Make up the stock cube with the required amount of water directed on the box, use what you need for the dish and freeze the rest in an ice cube tray for later use. When the ‘stock ice cubes’ are frozen solid, remove them and place them in a resealable plastic bag. Drop them straight into soups and stews without defrosting.
– Add finely chopped herbs to the stock before you freeze it into cubes and you will have herb-flavoured stock cubes ready to use for soups, sauces and stews.
– Stock cubes are full of salt (it’s often the first ingredient on the ingredients list) so omit salt from any recipe where you use one. Adjust the seasoning at the end.
– People buy what they think are healthy stock cubes but given that they are all (a) full of salt and (b) it’s a dried not fresh product, they are all fairly similar in terms of being healthy or not healthy. Choose one that you like the flavour of, make it up in a jug and taste it before you add it to a dish so you can see how strong a flavour it has.
A tip from the Gréatfood Kitchen : Look for professional chef stock powder or bouillon – we buy a large tub at Fallon & Byrne in Dublin – it’s from DGF Restauration and it’s a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.43465
Retrieved Text: I'm so sorry to be redundant here, but I'm having a BLAST making ice cream in My Champion Juicer. Let's see, in the past two weeks, I've made these flavors: papaya, mango, coconut, strawberry, blackberry, peach, pineapple, coffee, and now, mint chocolate chip. With each creation, W and I are amazed at the consistency.
The fruit flavors are really easy, because all you need is the actual fruit. I also add frozen bananas to the mix for a better consistency. You don't really taste them, but it helps make the mix really creamy. I'm currently working on other flavors, and trying to come up with a good base. Almond Cream seems to work well, in conjunction with frozen bananas. Considering there is not a lot of fat in this mixture, its amazing how much body it actually has.
The Almond Cream is concentrated almond milk. (Using less water in the nut:water ratio). I also like to add sunflower lecithin to the mix. It is an emulsifier and while the ingredient is OPTIONAL, it does make a difference.
And for those of you without a Champion Juicer, or any juicer that has a blank plate, fret not....you can have ice cream too.
1- Freeze mixture and run through blender or food processor.
2- Place mixture in an ice cream maker.
3- While freezing mixture, stir it every hour, until it reaches the consistency of soft serve ice cream and serve. If it gets too hard, let it soften and bit, and serve.
2. Add remaining ingredients, except cacao nibs.
3. When mixture is creamy, pour

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.96572
Retrieved Text: Clear ice is not just more beautiful than cloudy ice. It is also WAY more pure than the water from which it comes. Before refrigeration, ice was harvested from lakes in the winter, stored in ice houses and them brought out in the summer. In 1890, The Massachusetts Department of Public Health studied the quality of melt water from clear lake ice, and discovered that it was safe to drink even if the lake itself was polluted. This is because the directional freezing that occurs on the surface of a lake - the same principle that creates ClearlyFrozen ice - pushes not only the cloud of dissolved air, but also everything else in the lake water downward, even reducing the bacteria count by up to 99%!
We tested this by mixing up a batch of dark green food coloring in water, and freezing it in a regular ice cube tray and a ClearlyFrozen ice cube tray. In the regular tray, the food coloring had no place to go, so the cubes (on the sides) came out dark green. In the ClearlyFrozen tray, not only the cloud, but also the the food coloring was forced downward, and largely eliminated from the cubes (center).
An interesting thing about ice is that it can also be used for "cold" distillation.
Alcoholic beverages normally begin with fermentation. Yeast is added to a solution containing water and some form of sugar and/or starch - e.g., rye (rye, Canadian whiskey), molasses (rum), potatoes (vodka), barley (scotch, bourbon, beer), grapes (wine) - and it converts those

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.943832
Retrieved Text: Preserving herbs in ice cube trays is a great way to keep that fresh taste of summer long into the winter. Fresh basil, mint, tarragon, oregano, dill and many other herbs will freeze well. You can use regular water, which is what I did with these mint cubes. These are great added to summertime drinks like a Mojito on the Rocks, or of course a Mint Julep. I generally just like them added to a glass of cold water.
You can also use olive oil, butter, or ghee in the ice cube trays in place of the water. I would try olive oil with some fresh oregano, and then use those the next time you are making a quick pasta dish or finishing off a marinara sauce.
Recently I’ve been enjoying some slushie ice cubes. I made a frozen basil lemonade with my Vitamix, and when there was some left over, I poured it into my ice cube trays. Those cubes are absolutely delightful in a glass of cold water, or as a compliment to a bubbly glass of tonic water. (Try it out with a Gin and Tonic and see what happens!) I’ve even got some cubes of peach puree that I froze last summer that make great additions to a quick smoothie.
Once the cubes have frozen, pop them out of the trays and store them in a ziploc bag or other container. That way they won’t sublimate (shrink) from the dry air in the freezer, and you can use your trays to make more cubes.
The next

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.6238
Retrieved Text: How long does it take to freeze water into perfectly sized ice cubes? With Ivation’s high capacity automated icemaker, it takes just 8 minutes! That’s right: In less time than it takes to drive to the nearest store or gas station for a bag of ice, you can have a fresh batch of ice cubes made right in the comfort of your own home. Simply pour a water into the bucket and you’ll enjoy beautifully solid chillers that remain separated and don’t agglomerate.
48-pound output. 3 ice sizes. 0 water waste.
The Ice Machine features 3 selectable ice cube sizes so you can satisfy everyone from the whiskey sipper to the juice junkie. At maximum output, it can produce as much as 48 pounds of ice in a single 24-hour cycle Making it perfect for parties and special events. Another superior feature is the water recycling system: Unused ice melts back into the water reservoir and is turned into fresh ice during the next ice-making session.
When the water level in the reservoir runs low, you’ll be alerted to add more water. When the ice bucket is full, you’ll be alerted to remove them so more ice could be created. Other alerts include ice not moving into the bucket correctly, and when an ice-making session is on standby. The unit shuts off automatically when the ice bucket is full for safety. To make way for new ice, store ready cubes in cooler or freezer for later use.
Dimensions: 17" x 17.9" x 17.1"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.580853
Retrieved Text: Why is my ClearlyFrozen ice cloudy at the bottom of the cubes?
You let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes solid and "the cloud" pushed down under the blue tray gets pushed back up.
Why is there so much ice stuck to the bottom of the blue ice tray?
Again - you let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results - and don't have a lot of ice frozen to the bottom of the blue tray - when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes.
In a regular ice cube tray, the ice freezes from all sides, trapping a cloud of dissolved air and impurities in the center.
Why is the ice in a bar or restaurant clear?
Commercial establishments have dedicated commercial ice makers, like what you see when you fill an ice bucket while staying in a hotel. Those machines employ pumps, motors and specialized refrigeration surfaces to produce clear ice. They are expensive, take up a lot of room, use a lot of electricity and require water pre-treatment and frequent maintenance. And they only make small pieces of ice, not large "rocks."
How do you make clear ice at home - what makes ClearlyFrozen ice clear?
By contrast, the ClearlyFrozen tray is designed to work passively in an ordinary freezer. Because it is insulated on the sides and bottom, the ClearlyFrozen tray freezes directionally, from the top down, pushing "the cloud" of dissolved air toward the bottom of the tray, and through

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.533653
Retrieved Text: Ice forms on lakes and rivers due to seasons cooling during winter.
snowmelt, outflow breakup, summer ice-free, and winter.
Outflow breakup is when 75% of annual water flow occurs over several days.
Summer ice-free is when evaporation is significant.
Winter is when thick ice exists over major rivers and lakes.
rivers normally only have local effects on climate.
air masses during the spring melt season.
the prevailing air masses during the autumn freeze up season.
content of the lake, which is strongly linked to water depth.
As a result, deep lakes typically freeze up later than shallow lakes.
lake freeze and breakup data, may strongly correlate to regional climate.
regional climate change, where weather stations are not closely spaced.
rather than any climatic parameter.
What do you think drives water flow within a river?
C) Snow melt, and/or D) Oceanic tides.
as well as the proportion of water running off the surface of the land.
Ocean tides would not effect more than the mouth of a river.
Northern rivers can be subdivided into four types.
due to the perennially frozen ground.
This leads to low winter flow and snowmelt being the major annual flow event.
often enhanced by ice jam flooding with some ground water inflow.
is maintained throughout the summer due to higher elevation and glacial melting.
lead to a lessening of the importance of snowmelt due to intervening water storage.
and proglacial rivers tend to take longer to freeze for a given air temperature.
diversion features, can affect freeze up.
do you think ice jam floods would become more common or less common?
A) Less common because warmer air temperatures would promote earlier melt.
jam flooding Would arrive earlier in the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.49889
Retrieved Text: As with everything else in our world, people try to come up with easier and better ways to accomplish the same task while producing the same or better result.
It is believed that the first electric block ice shaver was created in the early 1920s. Since that time, there have been a variety of ice shavers created, but many of them followed similar technology as the one that preceded them. Even today, many of these ice shavers are still very similar. Some shave vertically, some shave horizontally, some spin the block on the blade, and others spin the blade over the block. But in the end, most of them shave from a razor blade that is both dangerous and slow.
In keeping with the tradition of innovation and growth, it has always been our goal at Snowie to create the very best shaved ice equipment possible. This, of course, includes our top-of-the-line shaved ice machines.
Initially, our main focus was actually to create the very best block ice shaver. We have worked on that machine since the inception of Snowie some 17 years ago. We have literally worked on that ice shaver and re-invented it hundreds of times before we felt like it was ready for public use.
During those 17 years, and even now, there was a sharp decline in the use and production of block ice. Every year it became less and less convenient for shaved ice business owners to use block ice in their shaved ice stands. The convenience was gone because ice manufacturers were no longer

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.197914
Retrieved Text: This article on cooking during an outage was originally published by Nola.com in the aftermath of Hurricane Isaac but is, of course, applicable during winter or in any “no electricity” scenario.
Hundreds of thousands in the metro New Orleans area were without power after Hurricane Isaac passed this week. The tricky thing about storm preparedness is the several eventualities.
Here are some coping ideas for those who are hunkering down at home.
First of all, your freezer and refrigerator. An unopened full freezer will keep food safe to eat for about 48 hours without power; a half-full one for 24 hours.
If the contents still have icy crystals inside them, they can be refrozen, although texture may be affected.
Several variables can affect how long food will stay cool or frozen. Chest freezers may keep contents safe longer than upright ones. One big factor is the ambient temperature. The hotter the area where the appliance sits, the sooner the food inside will warm, too.
In an unopened refrigerator, highly perishable food will last four to six hours.
The American Red Cross suggests keeping an instant-read thermometer to check the temperatures of foods. Or test by feeling the package of food. The temperature you want is 40 degrees (refrigerator temperature) or below.
If food is refrigerator-cold or if it has been above that temperature for less than two hours, it probably is safe to use. In general, perishable food held above 40 degrees for more than two hours (at a picnic, on a buffet table or in a refrigerator without power) may be unsafe to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.142128
Retrieved Text: I am joining in with an easy iced coffee recipe because I could drink coffee all day long…. And… pretty much do.
It’s my one vice, okay, besides hoarding vintage dishes.
Today. while I am over at The Oak House painting doors and grouting the second bathroom, I wanted to share one of my favorite summer time coffee recipe with you.
This is a super easy recipe that I know you are going to love!
I actually like to cold-brew my coffee if I can, which involves 1 cup of finely ground coffee and 4 cups of water. Simply put the ground coffee into the water, cover and leave in your fridge over night. In the morning, patiently pour through a coffee filter and use in your drinks! The strength will depend on your grind and the coffee you use. I think it’s less acidic this way.
You can also pre-brew your coffee and stick it in the fridge for a bit, or even refrigerate or freeze leftover coffee and use that. In fact, by freezing your coffee in cubes, you can use that instead of ice and not dilute your drink at all!
Super simple,easy and yummy! And it’s not so bad with a splash of Bailey’s either!
These other amazing ladies are also sharing thier favorite summertime coffee recipes.
That looks amazing, Jennifer! May have to try it sometime!
Perfect – I do the same and freeze leftovers as ice cubes! So re-freshing on a hot one like today!
Jennifer this sounds so yummy. With these hot days we are having this should help

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.01212
Retrieved Text: Picture yourself four months from now. It’s December. Christmas is over, and now you have a long winter to face. A lot of your favorite fresh fruits and vegetables are no longer available at the supermarket, and you won’t be seeing them until at least spring. The fresh berries, peaches, and plums are nowhere to be found, and all you can find are apples and bananas. Fresh herbs are likewise missing, or at least pale-looking and very expensive. The selection of vegetables is pathetically small, and your favorites are not there. Will you miss them?
Although there’s no way to buy most of these now and keep them fresh until December, there are a number of ways you can have them then in another form. If you’ll be using them in sauces or cooked dishes, for example, you can go ahead and prepare those now and just freeze them. Go ahead and make your favorite raw or cooked sauces, soups, casseroles, and fruit desserts and freeze them to stay fresh. Love fresh plums? Buy two bags. Eat one bag now fresh and use the other to make chia plum jam, plum cobbler, or some other treat that you can freeze for later. To ensure that your frozen food stays fresh, use a straw as shown in the video to get all the air out of the freezer bag before storing in the freezer or use a vacuum sealer to remove as much air as possible.
To preserve your herbs, snip them up and put them in the bottom

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.962942
Retrieved Text: How many times have you been stuck inside with the kids on a cold winter’s day?
Take advantage of those days to do some awesome snow science while staying cozy inside! In this post you will discover how to make a snowman that magically gets bigger and bigger.
While you wait for your winter science experiment to be complete you can make some snow paint, make some Santa Claus exploding baggies, eat a snow cone (directions below), and discover 16 more snowman activities at the end of this post to keep the kids learning and engaged even during the coldest and longest days of winter.
If you enjoy this snow science experiment, you will love my new ebook, 5 SUPER COOL WINTER SCIENCE EXPERIMENTS FOR KIDS. It includes instructions for how to grow a snowy salt crystal house, how to make an indoor snowstorm, how to blast snowmen several feet into the air, and more! Click on the picture below for more details.
If you live in a place that doesn’t regularly get snow, no worries!
We didn’t have snow the first time I tried this snow science experiment either. To make my own snow I filled my Ninja blender with ice cubes and ground them up for 30 seconds or so until they turned into a fine snow powder.
Use a permanent marker to draw a snowman face on a zipper storage bag.
Fill the bag up with snow to make your snowman baggie.
Over the next 30-60 minutes watch as the snowman baggie expands bigger and bigger!
You may want to even set

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.957277
Retrieved Text: This isn't really photography related but I have found myself describing to quite a few people lately how to make your own baby food without having to buy a bunch of equipment or special tools.
When I had my first daughter, she wouldn't touch the canned baby food and I like the idea of making her food from fresh or frozen veggies since that is what we eat. It is much less expensive and is less wasteful. I scoured the internet for what seemed like forever and finally found a website with a great list of foods and how to prepare them http://wholesomebabyfood.momtastic.com/ and found online also how to make the food using ice cube trays and Ziploc bags.
We just started trying out foods on the new baby so I took pics of everything while I made her food last night. It was super quick and I did it in a pan on the stove while I was doing other things.
Ice cube trays - I have 9 because I bought them at Target where they come in packs of 3 for just a couple $. You could get away with less though.
A blender or food processor - I have a Magic Bullet which I love and it works great for making baby food.
Since my daughter is younger, I started out with simple foods. This batch I made green beans, beets, squash, carrots, and I still have apples left to do but I have to do them when my 2 year old isn't awake because she loves apples

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.898958
Retrieved Text: You know that snow? Well, our snow, up here on the edge of England, actually slipped over the eaves and slid down all over Scotland. I know that some places had some snow and some places had quite a lot of snow – and then there were the places that had loads of snow. The wind was just bitterly cold in most places but if you where in one of those places with more snow than we had here, the wind did its best and took the snow and piled it in varying sized heaps for you. I suppose you should have left a note out, telling it where you wanted the snow drifted to.
Personally, well, let me put it this way. You know how, over this last year or so, everyone has become rather grumpy with climate warming overload? And you know how they picked on the Met Office for trying to push the temperatures up? I suppose there is a possibility that someone in the purchasing department there, didn’t realise that there are a hundred and forty four packs in a carton and that snow comes freeze dried (just add water) and then ordered a thousand cartons when they only meant to order a thousand packs.
But it would be easy to think that it wasn’t an accident, wouldn’t it?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.895742
Retrieved Text: Triple-digit temperatures have hit Southern California later than expected. I suppose I should be grateful that the thermometer reads only 103° today, as opposed to the day’s record high of 116° that blistered us in 1985.
Staying hydrated is critical when the sun decides to show off. I make sure my ice cube trays are well stocked and drink more fluids to make up for water loss.
I also take a cue from Jenny Harper, senior culinary specialist for the Nestlé Test Kitchens. Jenny freshens up summer drinks with lemon-flavored ice cubes.
Freeze the cubes, and then transfer them to a freezer-ready storage container. You can add a burst of flavor to water, iced tea, fruit juice and other beverages.
I like the BPA-free, though pricey, Stainless Steel Ice Cube Tray (right) from Onyx. And if I’m out of lemons, I’ll substitute other citrus fruit juices for flavorful ice cubes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.847885
Retrieved Text: Winter Weather Damage Insurance Tips by Borgos, Hanlon, Henry & Garcia, Inc.
My pipes froze and burst, damaging my home. Do I have coverage?
Most homeowners insurance policies, except for the very basic ones, cover damage to the home resulting from broken pipes due to freezing. For example, your insurance company will pay to clean or pay the cost to replace the carpet, furniture and other property that has been damaged due to the water from the bursting pipes (less your deductible). For those with renters insurance, damage to your personal property from the water due to the burst pipes would be covered. If the damage is so extensive that you can’t stay in your apartment, your insurance company generally will pay for additional living expenses.
The frozen pipes broke in my business location. Is my office equipment covered?
Yes. The coverages are similar to those for homeowners and renters policies. Your insurance company will cover your business equipment losses, as well as the cost to repair the pipes and any other repairs associated with it (repair to walls, if necessary).
This condition is known as an “ice dam.” To obtain coverage for this kind of leakage, not directly the result of damage to the roof by wind or the weight of snow, you would need an all-risks-not-excluded type of policy. It is often referred to as an HO-3 or special form policy.
How do I go about submitting a claim for such damages?
First, take immediate steps to prevent further damage and contact our agency. We will verify your coverage and give

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.720226
Retrieved Text: Freezing Buttermilk - Why waste part of the container?
Freezing Buttermilk – Why waste part of the Container?
If you are like me, you will find that most recipes call for much less than a carton of buttermilk and the rest of it can go to waste before you use it again in another recipe. Don’t waste the rest of the container. Freezing Buttermilk is the answer.
You can just pour the remainder into a Rubbermaid container and freeze it. Be sure to measure it first and mark the container so that you will know how much the container needs. 1/2 or 1/4 cup measurements are handy.
You can also just freeze the buttermilk in ice cube containers. Each cube is about 2 tablespoons, so two cubes would be 1/4 cup, or 4 cubes would be 1/2 cup. There are also extra large silicone ice cube trays that hold about 1/2 cup of liquid and this makes them perfect for this task.
When it is time to use the buttermilk in future, just thaw and incorporate into any recipe! I have written a blog post on ways to use the large silicone ice cube trays…20 of them, in fact. You can see the post here.
For more cooking tips, please visit my Facebook page The Gardening Cook.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.6616
Retrieved Text: I've conducted a research on how can I purify the water to make it drinkable and the results are many, but most of them says that drinking a freeze water can cause cancer to us.
I am using a freezer safe container and I put it in a freezer, let that for one day then when it is freezing I will let it thaw for maybe 6 hours, then I will put it in a water container so I can drink it in the future. Is this safe to drink? Does it kill the germs?
Please enlighten me. :) I am doing it for almost a month and so far nothing bad happens to me.
The answer, briefly, is no -- freezing will not make your water safe to drink.
Freezing does damage living cells, mostly because water expands when freezing, and ice crystals can break the cell walls. Thus, some bacteria will be killed by freezing. And many larger organisms (e.g., parasites, pests) will often be killed by freezing. Long-term freezing can increase the number of bacteria killed further.
However, freezing does NOT sterilize food or liquids. It may decrease the number of bacteria present, and it will generally prevent them from multiplying. But it is not an acceptable way of purifying water acquired from an unsafe source, because many harmful bacteria will generally still survive. Also, many microorganisms have spore forms which can survive freezing much more easily and reactivate when thawed.
If your goal is to kill off most microorganisms, boiling may be an easy alternative (and may even

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.65146
Retrieved Text: Worried your tree could die from the cold weather? Find out more about how winter can impact trees.
When it comes to matters of landscaping in the winter, we often think of our plants and lawn going dormant for the season, suspending most of our maintenance activities until spring. However, there are certain steps you can take and information you should have about your lawn, plants, and trees that will help them endure the cold and continue to grow and bloom when the time comes. Read on to learn more about the life of trees and how they react to the cold weather of winter.
You’ve probably driven around your neighborhood in the winter and noticed that the trees have taken on the white glow of winter, adorned with snow and ice. It’s true that trees can freeze in the winter but it’s not likely that they will freeze to death. A tree already gets half its weight from water so in freezing temperatures, all that water becomes ice.
Your trees will freeze once the temperature drops between 20- and 30-degrees Fahrenheit. As different species of trees have different amounts of water, the exact temperature will vary. To combat the freeze, trees have a way of working to keep their internal cells alive in the winter. They do this by going dormant, or essentially hibernating through the winter.
How Do Trees Stay Alive?
Part of the process of trees keeping their cells alive in the winter and, therefore, not dying is by dropping their leaves in the fall. When you see

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.648003
Retrieved Text: Vitamix method - freeze in ice cube trays until solid. Pop frozen cubes into Vitamix. Bled using the tamper until completely smooth with a soft-serve texture. Serve immediately as soft serve, or transfer to a covered container and freeze up to an hour for firmer texture.
Food Processor method: freeze in ice cube trays until solid. Pop cubes into food processor. Allow to thaw just long enough for your processor to be able to handle the ice cubes without overheating. Process on high, stopping to scrape down the sides. Scoop into individual bowls. Serve immediately, or freeze each bowl up to an hour for a thicker consistency and texture. A food processor will yield more of a soft-serve consistency than the other methods.
Ice Cream Maker Method: Pour the mixture into a large container. Freeze for 30 min or refrigerate for at least 4 hours (this was our option). Pour chilled mixture into the ice cream maker and follow the manufacturer's instructions. Once a smooth texture has been reached, scoop into bowls - serve immediately or freeze each bowl up to an hour for thicker consistency and texture.
Notes: For the best ice cream - like taste and texture use either Cashew Cream or full fat canned coconut milk as your milk of choice. It will be fine with others but the texture will be less creamy. We used two cans of coconut milk and one can of coconut cream and were happy.
We froze what we didn't eat and just let it thaw a bit before eating. Arielle and

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.636723
Retrieved Text: Making baby food is healthier for your baby, and offers your baby an introduction to foods rich in variety, flavor, color, taste and smell. All of your friends, and your mother-in-law, will think you are a super parent for making your baby’s food. The big secret – it is super easy and takes less them 30 minutes per week.
A common approach to making baby food is called the “ice cube tray” method. The concept is simple: make large quantities of basic food purees using a standard blender or food processor and freeze it in single servings (one ounce) in ice cube trays. With this method, you only need to make baby food once, maybe twice, per week. Over time you build up a large variety of single serving baby food cubes in the freezer.
Step 1: Prep – Depending on the type of baby food you are preparing, you will need to wash, chop, and peel the fruits and vegetables. You should not use detergent or bleach when washing fruits and vegetables because these chemicals can leave a residue that will be absorbed by porous food like produce. If you are using frozen produce, simply open the package.
Step 2: Cook – Cook the food in the microwave or use a stovetop method of steaming. We prefer microwave cooking for several reasons: saves time because foods cook faster; retains more nutrients than other cooking methods; and it is easier clean up. If you prefer the stovetop method of cooking foods, you must use a steamer basket. DO NOT

================



======= Instance Index 2 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Solar radiation reaches Earth's atmosphere
- Some is reflected back into space
- The rest of the energy is absorbed by land and oceans, heating the Earth
- Heat radiates from Earth to space
- Some of this heat is trapped by greenhouse gases in the atmosphere
- Human activities such as burning fuel are increasing the amount of greenhouses gases
- This causes more heat radiation to stay trapped in our atmosphere
- The Earth's temperature rises
- 

Question:
suppose Pollute the air even more happens, how will it affect find a way to release the heat trapped in the atmosphere.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.403442
Retrieved Text: Why Should You Concern Yourself?
There are plenty of things you have to worry about to do with your home as it is, could the air in it really be any worse than the smog outside? Unfortunately, it could be if you aren't careful. Should you find that you're experiencing harsh allergy symptoms even while you're indoors like itchy, watery eyes and a runny nose, or notice that the elderly or children seem to have some troubles with breathing, it may be because of poor air quality. Even healthy individuals may find themselves more run down than they used to be, but it's particularly a concern for anyone with breathing troubles already like asthma.
There could be many things causing a lower air quality, from dust to pet dander, especially if it's left to accumulate over time in the air ducts and continually be dispersed through the home. Smoking is a huge factor, unsurprisingly, but it also has a lasting effect on the air long after the initial cigarette or otherwise. Dust and dirt in general drawn in by the ducts while sucking in air and trapped inside it pollute the air as it passes through, as can any insects and their waste that find their way inside. Rodents are even more concerning in that their waste can carry diseases.
We'll be out before you know it to help you get to the bottom of what's harming your home's air with an air quality test. It not only tells you how good or poor it is, but specifically what

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.56335
Retrieved Text: For children with developing immune systems or people with asthma or allergies, a home germicidal air purification system like the Sapphire™ is essential. No matter how clean a home may appear, without a germicidal air purification system, asthma, sinus infections, colds and flu will keep recurring.
Molds like this grow in the moist areas of a home’s A/C unit and ductwork, releasing airborne disease-causing spores that cannot be stopped by modern air filtration systems.
Recent studies have shown that the cooling coil and drain pan area of a home cooling system are breeding grounds for mold and mildew. Left unchecked, the infestation on the coil will continue to grow and release particles into the home’s re-circulating air. Bacteria, viruses, fungi and other pathogens also pollute the home’s atmosphere and cannot be eliminated with sprays or trapped even by the most sophisticated heating, air-conditioning or ionic air filtration systems.
The American Medical Association has stated that contaminated indoor air causes or intensifies 50% of all illnesses. To protect families’ health adequately, only a germicidal air purification system will do.
UVtronics' in-duct systems, such as the Sapphire Residential System, are easily installed inside the ducts of your home's heating and air conditioning unit. The Sapphire rids the air of the most persistent illness causing microorganisms, providing a cleaner and safer environment for your entire home.
Portable units, such as the AP-600, can be used in conjunction with, or separate from, our heating and air conditioning systems to concentrate air purification in specific areas. These units are lightweight and can be easily transferred from

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.135326
Retrieved Text: Imagine you've been in the car for hours you get out to see a, not so beautiful green lake? Your parents say that you have to go back home you imagine those long hours you drove for nothing. You slowly get back in the car imagining your boring summer ahead of you, well, that really happens when there is an algae bloom going on.
Algae blooms are when algae (a green slimy substance) multiply super rapidly covering the ocean in a blanket of green killing many animals.
Why do algae blooms happen?
You’d think algae blooms just pop up out of thin air, well actually they need a lot of help. They need sun, slow moving water, nutrients and high water temperatures. Global warming makes way more algae blooms because algae blooms need heat. There are more greenhouse gases being produced so the heat will get trapped and the earth gets hotter. When algae blooms happen, a tiny patch of algae will multiply. There is no fast fix for algae blooms.
How do we clean up algae blooms?
I bet you’re thinking algae blooms are easey peasey to clean up, but they actually take weeks to clean! Salt can kill algae but it would take tons of salt to stop an algae blooms. They can happen in freshwater and saltwater, they’re bad in both places. Once people tried using a boat to cleanup an algae bloom but, the algae was to slimey so, it didn’t work.
I bet you’re wondering how a tiny plant is so harmful. Well, first of all, they

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.71988
Retrieved Text: Your air conditioning unit is made up of multiple components that enable it to regulate your indoor home temperatures. The refrigerant is one of these components. The refrigerant works by absorbing heat from your air conditioner's cooling chamber. Usually, refrigerants are made to last the lifetime of your air conditioner. However, things such as leaks will result in low refrigerant levels, which in turn will affect the effectiveness of your air conditioner in regulating the temperature in your home. For this reason, knowing these 3 signs that your air conditioner is running low on refrigerant is crucial in finding a solution early enough.
When your air conditioner is low on refrigerant, it will lose its cooling capability. Low refrigerant means more heat will be trapped in your AC unit's cooling chamber. This means that the air entering your home will be much harder to cool. Therefore, since the air entering your home will be warmer than it actually should be, your air conditioning system will have to run longer cycles for it to reach the temperatures you set on your thermostat. Longer cooling cycles are oftentimes accompanied by a home that won't cool. That is, you keep on setting your thermostat to lower temperatures without a noticeable change in your indoor temperature. If your air conditioner has to work harder to cool your home, you will end up with much higher energy bills so it's important to handle the issue as early as you can.
When your air conditioning system is low on refrigerant, the heat release won't

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.461567
Retrieved Text: The traditional way of growing cannabis is planting them outdoors. However, there is a better way of growing cannabis and that is with the utilization of greenhouses. There are a lot of benefits to using greenhouse light deprivation. With this technique, you can provide a warm climate, harness the power of the sun, and protect your gardens from the harsh conditions of the environment. Besides these things, climate control, year-round cultivation, and controlled exposure to the sunlight are what you get. In addition, greenhouses are much cheaper than the indoor growing of cannabis and more consistent in production than the outdoor growing of cannabis.
Knowing how greenhouses work should be one of the things that you find out before growing them using greenhouse light deprivation. When it comes to greenhouses, they have the ability to remain warm even while the outside air has a low temperature. This happens because of the process you call the greenhouse effect. Solar radiation is still able to pass through the transparent walls of the greenhouse thereby allowing them to heat up your plants and soils. With this energy, it would turn into infrared radiation that would not be able to go out of your greenhouse. The heat will get trapped and the air will be warmed. For you to imagine better how greenhouses work, just imagine going inside of a car parked outside under the scorching sunlight.
The effect brought about by greenhouse light deprivation offers the cultivation of cannabis all year round. Nonetheless, growing cannabis can be very demanding. To ensure

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.310795
Retrieved Text: Heat waves and pollution. I’m Bob Hirshon and this is Science Update.
In the summer of 2006, hundreds died as temperatures reached the 120’s as far north as South Dakota. Princeton atmospheric scientist Jordan Schnell says heat waves kill partly because they co-occur with pollution, chiefly ground-level ozone and particulates.
And what happens is we don’t have a whole lot of winds at the surface, we don’t have any rain to clear anything out, so basically nothing’s being diluted and it just builds up over the course of the multiple days.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Schnell reports on research done while at UC Irvine studying 15 years of heat waves and modeling how the heat and pollution spread and persist. The work will help provide early warnings of life-threatening events and predict the longer term effects of climate change. I’m Bob Hirshon for AAAS, the science society.
Heat-related deaths are a cause for concern in many countries, especially among vulnerable populations, like older adults and young children. According to the Centers for Disease Control, there were a total of 7,233 heat-related deaths in the U.S. between the years of 1999 and 2009. In that time, an average of 658 people died of heat-related causes in the U.S. each year. Worldwide, nine of the top 10 heat waves with the most fatalities have occurred since 2000, according to data in EM-DAT, an international disaster database. These nine heat waves caused 128,885 deaths around the world.
What happens, though, when a heat wave is combined with air pollution?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.692558
Retrieved Text: What is natural gas? Where is it found? And how do they turn gas into electricity?
Here’s the need-to-know stuff about the energy source, natural gas!
Natural gas is colourless and lighter than air. It’s mainly made up of molecules of methane and is found in reservoirs deep under the ground, often alongside oil or coal.
Where do you find natural gas?
Natural gas was first found in Iran. Today it is extracted in Russia, Eastern Europe and Africa as well as the North Sea and the Irish Sea, the Caribbean, and North and South America.
Natural gas can be burned in a turbine that turns a generator to create electricity. The waste heat from this can be used to heat water to produce steam. This steam is used to create more electricity by turning another turbine and generator.
Some natural gas power stations can turn the waste heat into more energy! It uses the heat to boil water and produce steam, creating even more electricity by turning another turbine and generator.
What are the advantages of using natural gas?
Gas-fired power stations can be more efficient and produce more electricity per tonne of carbon dioxide than other fossil fuel power plants.
Gas can be piped into and around the country.
Gas-fired power stations can, in theory, be built anywhere.
What are the disadvantages of using natural gas?
Natural gas is a non-renewable source of energy. This means that one day we will run out of natural gas.
Burning gas produces carbon dioxide gas. This is a greenhouse gas that contributes towards climate change.
Burning gas can pollute the air.
Like

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.638006
Retrieved Text: Continuing on with the Thanksgiving theme, I have to move on to this gorgeous, FOOLPROOF(!!) chocolate ganache tart. If you’re looking for something that’s a little bit more of a “classic” Thanksgiving dessert, go check out my dairy-free Pumpkin Cheesecake with a Gingersnap Crust. It takes a little more effort but a crowdpleaser nonetheless.
This recipe is SO EASY! I even used a prepared pie dough… mostly because I’m really clumsy when it comes to unrolling homemade dough into a pie dish… Or my homemade dough attempts are just not strong enough to hold during transfer… Either way, store bought is my preference. I blind bake the crust (baking just the crust) in a tart pan until golden brown. Make sure to poke some holes in the dough to release air as it bakes. You can also use pie weights, dry beans, or uncooked rice to keep the dough from bubbling up.
Once the crust is cooled completely, I make my chocolate ganache with a can of coconut milk and some semi-sweet chocolate. I zest half an orange and add some larger orange peels to the coconut milk while it came to a simmer to infuse the orange flavor into the ganache. Then I strain the coconut milk into the chocolate and let it sit for a minute until I can stir it into a silky, smooth chocolate sauce. Personally, I think that stainless steel mixing bowls were made for this recipe. They hold the heat of the coconut milk and help keep the chocolate melted. Pour the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.543686
Retrieved Text: What is a renewable natural resource?
Renewable resources are resources that are restored by the Nature over short periods of time. This type of resource is much better to use because often a resource renews so fast that it will have restored by the time we have used it up.
Solar energy is a resource as the sun is ever shining, and the solar energy never runs out.
Wind energy is another renewable resource. We can’t stop the wind from blowing so it’s ever present, which makes it a renewable resource.
Plants are also used to grow for food and manufacture products. They are also renewable resources. Trees used for timber and furniture, cotton used for clothes and fabric and food crops, such as corn and wheat, rice, millet, are planted and re grown after the harvest is done.
Animals are also a renewable resource because, like plants, we can breed them to increase their population. Livestock, like cows, pigs and chickens, all are renewable resources.
Water is a very important renewable resource. We can never really use up all the water in the world, but we also can’t have more. There is water on Earth, In various forms – as a liquid ….the oceans, a solid our polar ice caps and glaciers and a gas as clouds and water vapor.
Water is used to get hydroelectric power, which we get from water flowing through dams. This is renewable resource. Here just the flowing water is used as a mechanism to generate electricity. Like the sun and wind, the resource is used just

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.520346
Retrieved Text: Let’s face it: fossil fuels have been the major driver of human’s progress during the past century.
How would you be able to drive your car, take a plane or heat your house ?
Fossil fuels make the world turn around, and with 86% of our energy needs met with fossil fuels, we can’t deny that human population is entirely reliant on coal, oil and gas to meet its energy appetite.
So what are Fossil Fuels exactly?
Fuels can be defined simply by any material, capable of storing potential energy for a period of time, and at the same time, capable of releasing the stored energy in form of heat and light, when certain conditions exists.
Fuels that have been formed from the fossilized remains of prehistoric plants and animals are called fossil fuels.
How can Energy Resources be classified?
These energy resources are naturally replenished and can be renewed again and again. Examples includes Geothermal Energy, Hydropower, Solar energy, Wind Energy and Tidal Energy.
These resources, as their name suggests, cannot be renewed again if exhausted. Examples include Coal, Oil, Natural Gas, Nuclear Energy, wood (If not replanted), petrochemicals and others.
Fossil fuels fall under the umbrella of non-renewable energy resources and hence, cannot be reproduced if exhausted. Even though they are present in large quantities, all over the earth, they are still limited in quantity and should therefore be consumed thoughtfully.
Unfortunately we’re consuming fossil fuels as if there’s no tomorrow..
Coal, Oil, Natural Gas are some of the major examples of fossil fuels.
Coal is a hard, black colored rock-like substance made up of carbon,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.323515
Retrieved Text: Your home is a major piece of your every day life. It’s the place you eat, sleep and entertain – it’s where you spend most of your daily life. A natural occurrence that happens with these daily activities is the dust, dirt and other particles that collect and pollute your home’s air. These pollutants can contribute to poor indoor air quality, which can have large weight when it’s comes to how comfortable and healthy your family is in the home. However, there are a variety of options that can help improve the air quality in your home.
In order to educate you on what it is available to help reach your goal, we’ll feature each indoor air quality solution on our blog in next few months. You’ll find out the benefits of each product, why it will help make a difference and how it will integrate into your current HVAC system. Make sure to check the Dave's Diversified Services blog to read more.
Once you feel prepared to chat about improving the air in your home, give the pros at Dave's Diversified Services a call at 540-369-3971.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.196367
Retrieved Text: First, search the forum for "noisy banding radiors" and also google the terms.
A KNOCKING or noisy radiator or one that does not heat all the way across is annoying and can also be inefficient, wasting energy because heat is not being delivered uniformly.
Regardless of whether the system is steam or hot water, the radiators are used are basically similar and will fall into one of two broad categories: cast iron radiators that have hollow sections through which the hot water or steam flows, or tube-and-fin convector radiators that consist of copper tubes that have metal fins around the outside to provide increased radiating efficiency when hot water flows through the pipes and heats them. The newer convection type or fin-type radiators are not normally used in steam systems, but cast iron radiators are used in both steam and hot-water systems.
In a steam system, there is only one pipe connected to the radiator, and steam enters through this single pipe to heat the radiator. In the process the steam condenses (it loses its heat to the metal) and forms water, which then runs back out through the same pipe and inlet valve until it finally runs all the way back to the boiler. There it is reheated and the whole process starts over again.
That is why all steam pipes must slope downward toward the boiler; if they don't, water will be trapped in the pipe and this can result in banging or hammering noises every time the steam comes up - the incoming steam tries to force

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.08726
Retrieved Text: Now that we’ve officially welcomed summer and things are heating up, combatting the warm weather requires all hands on deck. Staying cool during times of intense heat can be expensive, especially for homeowners who rely on central air conditioning to keep the house feeling comfortable. In fact, the US Department of Energy reports that heating and cooling can account for as much as 70% of the energy costs in the average home.
Not to worry! Improving your home’s efficiency with a few common HVAC repairs and home improvement projects can help you save money and stay cool, even during the warmest times of the year.
Air leaks allow cooled air to escape to those uninhabited portions of your house and to the outside world. When this happens, your air conditioner has to work longer and harder to maintain the temperature set on your thermostat. Improving insulation, especially if you own an older home, can help keep the climate controlled air inside AND in the areas of your home where you actually need it.
Specifically, beefing up insulation in the attic can help keep cooled air in the lower levels of the house where people live. And improving insulation isn’t hard once you know how much more your home needs. Factors such as the age of the home, level of existing insulation and the local climate will all affect how much more insulation is needed.
Be sure to consult with a home efficiency expert in your area to find out what R-value is necessary to keep your home coo. Efficiency experts

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.032236
Retrieved Text: BALTIMORE (WJZ) — The eerie glow of the northern lights are the footprints of intense radiation trapped above the earth.
Massive solar eruptions release highly charged particles, which would be deadly on the ground if it weren’t for the protection of Earth’s magnetic field.
“Some of these particles actually get trapped inside the magnetosphere, and there’s a lot of radiation in that environment,” said Dr. Yari Collado-Vega at NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center.
Which is where two NASA probes have been cruising for more than six years, unlocking secrets of the invisible radiation belts circling above Earth.
“We have learned much more about how these particles get trapped, how they have their motion, how they accelerate, their losses,” Collado-Vega said.
Now the mission enters its final phase. The probes will be brought into lower orbits, and will eventually burn up in the atmosphere.
“We’re pretty much saying goodbye to the mission, but we’re still analyzing data,” Collado-Vega said.
The science collected in this mission is important to technology we often take for granted.
“This area is well within the orbit of many of the satellites we have in space and that kind of radiation can effect instrumentation. And if that happens then you have the loss in communications, GPS signal loss and that would affect the technology we use every day,” Collado-Vega said.
It also threatens astronauts, who have sheltered from radiation bursts in the past. What the probes unlock could lead to better shielding for humans and spacecraft.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.93826
Retrieved Text: Home » How-To Library » What Goes With My Boiler?
How warm does a coat keep you without gloves and a hat?
Accessories are sometimes necessities. Find out here what accessories you need to best serve your needs. Boiler accessories can make your system a lot more efficient and effective. Knowing which accessories are right for your boiler and your home will ensure a more efficient system, and a more comfortable home.
Like air, water will want to expand when it is heated. In a closed system, this will cause system pressure to increase rapidly, unless the water is given a volume to expand into. If left uncontrolled, this increase in pressure can lead to property damage, injury, or even death.
An expansion tank is the most common way to control and prevent this pressure rise during normal operating conditions. The most common expansion tank design consists of a closed tank with a diaphragm or bladder splitting the tank into two sections.
One side of the tank is filled with air and pressurized to match desired system conditions. The tanks come pre-charged from the factory, but often include a valve allowing the pressure to be adjusted for different applications.
The other side of the tank is where water from the system will enter as it expands. The diaphragm acts as a barrier to keep the air and water from mixing. As the water increases in volume it displaces and compresses the air within the tank.
Because air is much more easily compressed than water, this allows the system pressure to increase in a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.85485
Retrieved Text: Why is a Ventilated Attic Important?
Many homes become too warm in the summer, and, yet, too cold in the winter. Luckily, there is something you can do besides having your HVAC unit working overtime. A well-ventilated attic will help keep your home hold an ideal temperature year-round.
It’s important to understand that your attic needs ventilation. Without it, it will trap in heat. In the summer months, this trapped heat will increase the overall temperature of your entire home. In the winter, this space functions like a giant freezer, trapping cold air and making it more difficult for your furnace to keep up.
Those same extreme heat situations that affect the inside your home also put undue stress on your roof and the structure of walls. Extreme heat reduces the lifespan of shingles and can even warp the wood framing throughout your home.
The next issue that may arise if your attic isn’t well-ventilated is not only that moisture from your home, such as from shower use, is trapped inside, but condensation can also accumulate from the constant heating and cooling. This moisture decreases the effectiveness of your insulation and makes your attic highly susceptible to mold and mildew.
How much ventilation does your attic need?
How much ventilation your attic needs will vary depending on numerous factors, such as the depth and type of insulation in your home, the slope of your roof, local weather, and more. The Federal Housing Authority (FHA) recommends one square foot of ventilation (split 50/50 between intake and exhaust) per 300 square feet of attic

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.777977
Retrieved Text: What is Offgassing or Outgassing?
Offgassing or outgassing are interchangeable terms that relate to indoor air quality. Offgassing refers to the release of VOCs (volatile organic compounds) from a material or solution that has been trapped or absorbed. For example, when a room is freshly painted, the chemicals from the curing paint slowly offgas into the room as it dries. In this case, you are smelling the VOCs releasing from the paint, which you recognize as the “fresh paint” smell. Proper ventilation is essential to release the outgassing VOCs from the paint so they don’t become trapped in the room. Otherwise, they can incorporate back into porous materials and the indoor air quality suffers. The consequences of outgassing can be significant if it collects in an environment where the air is stagnant with no ventilation.
The good news is, a material is considered fully outgassed when it is no longer releasing VOCs. This means that any toxic VOCs have already been released and it will no longer continue to offgas into your indoor space.
Want to perform a quick VOC test on something in your home? Try sniff-testing for VOCs! Pick up an object like a book, a remote control, or a shower curtain liner. Smell the product closely. Do you smell anything? If the object smells neutral, it has likely offgassed already and is no longer releasing VOCs. However, there’s a good chance, particularly if the item is new, that it still has a faint (or strong!) “new” smell. This smell is a cue to your nose that

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.587227
Retrieved Text: Heat rash appears after your body has been exposed to high heat or fever. This common form of rash can be easily treated and avoided with proper care.
This rash is caused by the sweat ducts but isn't the same as sweat rash. Unlike chafing, which is simple friction, heat rash (also known as "prickly" heat or by the medical term miliaria) is caused by excess perspiration that does not reach the surface of the skin. Small bumps then form, which causes raised, irritated skin. When the bumps burst, sweat is released, and a burning or prickly feeling occurs.
The rash usually develops during hot, humid weather. However, it is possible to get a rash in the winter, due to overdressing.
Those most likely to get this condition include newborns in incubators, infants, active people, overweight people, and bedridden people. It can occur in anyone, so taking proper precautions to avoid getting prickly heat is advisable.
The rash and the intensity of the condition can be broken into three classifications, according to the Mayo Clinic. These three types can occur at any time on anyone regardless of any prior incidents. If this is your first bout of this rash, seek medical treatment promptly to diagnose and to classify your condition. With proper care and diagnosis, heat rash and the uncomfortable itch can be treated.
Miliaria crystalline is the mildest form. Often the only symptom present in miliaria crystalline is small red bumps on the surface of the skin similar to blisters rather than an obvious rash. This condition causes mild, if

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.525885
Retrieved Text: The vacuum flask keeps your food or drink hot or cold. It was designed in such a way to keep heat from escaping from the hot contents to its surroundings or to prevent heat transferring from the surroundings heating up the cold contents. Heat is transferred by conduction, convection and radiation so the flask was designed to reduce heat transfer by these three methods.
Click on the blobs for more information about the different parts of the flask.
the vacuum between the glass walls. Remember that conduction can occur in a gas such as air (although at a much slower rate than in solids). Having a vacuum prevents conduction from occurring completely because there are no molecules to transfer the heat.
trapped air in the foam sponge and hollow plastic stopper. Since air is a poor conductor of heat, having trapped air in the sponge and hollow plastic stopper help to prevent heat loss by conduction.
the vacuum between the glass walls. Convection can occur in a gas such as air, removing all of the air and creating a vacuum helps to prevent heat loss by convection.
trapped air in the foam sponge. The air is trapped in small pockets of the foam sponge. The volume of each pocket of air is too small for convection currents to set up so heat loss by convection is reduced.
Heat loss occurs by convection when you remove the cover.
the two silvered walls that form the vacuum. Radiation cannot be reduced by the vacuum but the first silvered wall serves as a poor emitter of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.512169
Retrieved Text: Although forecasters aren't sure if an ice storm will form in areas east of the Virginia Range, we decided to find out more about causes it anyway.
Get ready for some (possibly) icy weather.
A strong Pacific storm is expected to hit the Reno-Tahoe area through Thursday, bringing blasting winds and dropping heavy rain and wet mountain snow.
The storm could also create the perfect conditions for an ice storm, according to the National Weather Service.
Meteorologist Chris Johnston said he believes the chances for an ice storm are slim, but if everything aligns perfectly, it might be possible.
According to Johnston, the ice storm will likely affect areas east of Reno-Sparks, past the Virginia Range and near Fallon and Lovelock.
Forecasters on the weather service website said they also expect an ice storm to affect areas north of Interstate 80, from Honey Lake Basin into Pershing County.
“They are pretty rare, and they don’t happen very often,” Johnston said, adding the last ice storm to affect the region was in 2005 and in early January 2017.
Johnston said an ice storm consists of mostly freezing rain. Because of the recent winter storms, shallow cold air has become trapped near the surface.
The incoming storm is warmer than previous storms, bringing with it warm air that will likely sit atop of those trapped cold air pockets.
“So, what happens is that warm rain falls through that very shallow layer of cold air and it freezes on contact with anything that’s on the ground that’s really cold,” Johnston said.
Johnston said temperatures need to be cold enough, anywhere

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.327894
Retrieved Text: While extreme heat and cold both cause discomfort, exposure to cold temperatures is deadlier because at low temperatures, the human body loses heat faster than it is produced. Thinsulate, a thin, lightweight insulating material, offers varying weights with different temperature ratings. Factors such as thickness of insulation and the size and composition of the fibers contained within all play a role in how insulating a material can be, but when taking environmental factors into consideration, temperature ratings can only be relative to one another.
While Thinsulate provides effective protection from the cold, it is impossible to determine absolute temperature values in every circumstance.
Used in a variety of clothing items, Thinsulate comes in a variety of weights which all work by using a collection of microfibers that trap air molecules between the body and the outside material. The higher weights retain more heat. This trapped air is then reflected back toward the body, allowing it to retain much of its radiant heat. Compared to natural or polyfiber materials, these microfibers allow more air to be trapped in less space, resulting in both an increased insulating factor and the greater comfort and range of motion that is possible with less bulky outerwear.
While natural fibers such as down and cotton lose a certain amount of insulating factor when wet, Thinsulate is moisture-resistant. The microfibers retain their structure, unlike many other loft materials that can shift or clump and result in a reduction in the insulating factor. The company reports that repeated washings result in an unchanged “Clo” rating. Clo is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.122553
Retrieved Text: Electric forced-air HVAC systems are typically installed in mobile homes and residences where cheaper natural gas or propane are not available. While this type of system is often more expensive to run, there are many different factors affecting its running costs. And, unlike their gas-powered cousins, electric systems can accommodate air conditioning installations using their existing blower motors and ductwork. This makes them a clear winner for homes located in areas with excessively hot summer temperatures.
When it comes to cost, an HVAC system's hardware is one of the leading factors in the cost of running it. Different manufacturers, models, and system sizes all utilize different amounts of energy. And some systems that are rated Energy Star compliant use less energy than systems that aren't.
The HVAC system's ductwork located under your house or in the attic space is responsible for moving around all of the heated or cooled air. Since the air can be cooled or warmed by the outdoor temperature, it must be well insulated and all of its connections must be sealed tight with duct tape.
The insulation in your home determines how much heat transfer happens between indoors and the outside. The more winter heat and summer cooling you lose to the outdoors, then the more your HVAC system will need to run to keep your family comfortable.
Every electric company in the country sets its own rates for electricity. The rates typically fluctuate depending on the time of year and sometimes even the time of day. If you live in an area of the country

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.970118
Retrieved Text: Purchasing an electric fireplace will help you mimic a fireplace burning coal or natural gas. The electric fireplaces are plugged into the wall and often run on flame only setting or can be used as a heater. You do not have to create venting since the electric fireplaces do not produce real fire or smoke. This will also aid you to save money on installation costs drastically.
The electric fireplace does not affect the air quality in your home which is the best alternative for any type of fireplace. Many people prefer electric fireplaces because they do not pollute the air and you can get affordable installation services. The electric fireplace does not have real flame since they are created with LED lights which look realistic.
You should find out if the electric fireplace has long-lasting LED lights which will not consume a lot of energy so they can serve for many hours. You can choose multicolor flame fireplaces because gives a modern look to your home decor. The best leading manufacturers of electric fireplaces have changing flame colors feature which can be done in a click of a button.
You will be provided with a remote control to choose either blue, purple or pink. The electric fireplaces produce heat though they vary. It is essential to check the type of electric fireplaces available and their prices, so you can budget yourself and find something affordable. You can choose outdoor heaters which can run with or without heat, so they are suitable for different seasons.
Current electric fireplaces have different

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.914663
Retrieved Text: Temperatures have been reaching 32oC last week.
So it’s no wonder the MET office has forecast potential heatwave conditions for parts of the South East, London, the East Midlands and West Midlands, the East of England and for later this week, as it declared a Level 2 Heat-health alert. This level of warning is triggered when the MET office anticipates that there is a 60% or higher chance of temperatures staying high on 2 consecutive days.
These high temperatures can cause illnesses and trigger conditions in vulnerable groups of the society, such as older people, who feel the acute effects of heat more than others.
It has also been documented that death rates are higher in the early stages of heatwaves.
Windows: The integrity of buildings degrade over time, and the windows are no exception. After a while, they start to leak and fog up. Rotting frames and loss of insulating qualities are some common window problems. Even double-paned glass that is a few years old is subject to this degradation. Replacing windows with double or triple glazing, using gases like argon, krypton, and xenon provide better insulation, as these have lower thermal conductivity than air, so insulate better.
Aim to reduce the level of humidity in the house.
Trying to cool a humid space will require more electrical power than normal. You should invest in a dehumidifier, to help achieve this. Humidifiers can also help remove moisture from the air, allowing air conditioners work more efficiently. One way to quickly cool the house is to open up closed doors that keep

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.788658
Retrieved Text: Crawlspace insulation provides homeowners in Concord with a number of benefits, including improved energy efficiency, home comfort and indoor air quality.
1.Energy Efficiency – The cold air that comes up from under your feet can affect the temperature inside your home significantly. It also means that your HVAC system will have to work harder to keep your home at a comfortable temperature. Crawlspace insulation can prevent your HVAC system from working in overdrive, and therefore reduce your monthly utility bills.
2.Home Comfort – If the floor is cold even when the heat is running, that’s a good indicator that your crawlspace is to blame. Once installed, crawlspace insulation will prevent colder air from coming up through your flooring, causing your whole home to be more temperature stable – and therefore your family more comfortable.
3.Indoor Air Quality – Did you know that dust and allergens can get trapped in your crawlspace and then blow through your air vents into your living areas? Crawlspace insulation can prevent these airborne hazards from affecting your indoor air quality so you are truly breathing cleaner, fresher air.
At AppleBlossom Energy, we’ll be happy to provide recommendations for crawlspace insulation at your home in Concord, North Carolina. As your green energy experts, our primary goal is to work with you to achieve all your home energy efficiency and comfort goals!
At AppleBlossom Energy, we can install crawlspace insulation in Charlotte, Concord, Davidson, Harrisburg, Huntersville, and Mooresville, North Carolina.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.677954
Retrieved Text: Looking for something to get your spouse, parents, a newly married couple or brand new homeowner? Wall fireplaces are perfect! Many people overlook these when they are trying to think of gift ideas but if you are going to spend money on a piece of art, furniture, stainless steel serving tray or crystal wine glasses, why not a fireplace?
You would have a very hard time actually finding someone who doesn't appreciate the elegance that wall fireplaces bring to a room. Even a very utilitarian space can instantly feel welcoming and more comfortable when a warm dancing flame is added.
There are so many types of wall ventless fireplaces available today that it's easy to find one that complements any décor. Not to mention, they have a way of really adding richness to a room so someone on a tight budget without a lot of glamorous pieces in their space would really love to receive something that would take their décor to the next level.
Ventless fireplaces make great gifts because they are literally maintenance-free. As the name suggests no venting is required to appreciate these flames. They operate solely by electricity so the gift receiver gets all the great benefits of a fire without having to clean ash and soot, wash walls, etc. No one likes to receive a gift that's actually going to cause them more work.
Electric fireplaces are perfect gifts because they offer a lot of heat. Instead of cranking up the furnace when you come in from shoveling, you simply turn the fire on with

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.494535
Retrieved Text: When pollutants are trapped for a long time over a city, it is usually because of a temperature inversion above the city. This may result in accumulations that can reach lethal proportions, at least for the sick and elderly. Temperature inversions occur when air at some elevation in the troposphere ceases to decrease smoothly in temperature with increasing altitude as is normal near the surface of the earth (see later: Figure 3-20). At a temperature inversion, the air temperature increases with increasing altitude for a distance; at higher altitudes, the normal decrease in air temperature with increasing altitude begins again and continues up to the tropopause. The ways in which such temperature inversions can occur will be discussed at the end of this section.
where CP is the heat capacity at constant pressure of the gas, and subscripts 1 and 2 refer to properties of the gas before and after expansion, respectively. Qualitatively, this expression shows that if the gas is expanding, that is, if P2 < P1, then T2 < T1 and the temperature of the gas will drop. This equation, together with the known decrease of pressure with height, allows calculation of the adiabatic lapse rate of dry air. This rate is a decrease of 1°C for each 100 m, or 5.5°F for each 1000 ft of altitude. The rising air cools faster than the temperature lapse rate of the environment, which involves a decrease of only 0.65°C for each 100 m or 3.5°F for each 1000 ft of elevation. Dry air will eventually rise

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.414534
Retrieved Text: I once spent seven days and nights on my knees, chanting in a sacred spell circle to bring forth a wave of frost to counteract the accursed heat-wave of the demon prince. Several of us died in the attempt, and I got a cramp for days. DAYS, afterwards!!
Then I happen to be banished to the mortal realm for the teeny, tiny little crime of maybe putting a little proximity spell upon the king’s lavatory after he demolished my tower to make way for his summer palace. What happened in the lavatory is unimportant, except for the fact that the king couldn’t sit on his throne for a week afterwards. Then I get a home in the mortal realm, I flick a switch…and cold air comes right out of the wall. Not a single spell circle in sight. WHAT.
They have such ways. For example, in this great city they call Melbourne, oxygen therapy services can cause a person to breathe like they’d just swallowed an air sprite and it was trying to escape. I learned this when I had my wallet stolen (that’s a small piece of fabric that holds important things, like currency). I tried casting a spell of speed upon my legs, but failed to realise that it had not taken effect until I had run several miles and collapsed against a lamppost. Some kind person called the ambulance, I was given some rather excellent oxygen therapy and the doctor told me that I needed to improve my cardio. Too much time sitting in spell

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.353952
Retrieved Text: Condensation can sometimes form inside your wine cooler, just the same way it can form on your windows or the windshield of your car. If you’re not careful, it can become an annoying and persistent problem. Fortunately, there is a simple solution to wine cooler condensation that will keep it from fogging up the glass and soaking your wine bottles.
Condensation occurs when water vapor transforms from a gas back into a liquid. Air, no matter how dry it is, always contains some degree of water vapor. When you heat it, the air molecules are forced farther apart from one another and the vapor molecules suspended in it get pulled farther apart. The more spread out the air molecules become, the more water the air can hold, so its saturation density increases. If actual vapor density remains steady, that is, if no additional water vapor is added to the air, then relative humidity will do down as the ratio between the amount water in the air and the amount of water the air can hold decreases.
When air cools down, the opposite occurs. Air molecules move closer together and the vapor molecules in the air are brought back together again. Saturation density decreases and relative humidity goes up again. Eventually, if temperatures fall far enough, the difference between the actual vapor density and the saturation vapor density drops to zero and relative humidity reaches 100 percent. The temperature at which this happen is called the dew point and it’s when vapor molecules condense back into water droplets.
Any exposure

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.327263
Retrieved Text: Today I ran into an interesting article that about campfire reflector walls. Their contention is that a campfire reflector wall is useless. According to them, they have scientifically proven that the reflector wall does not work. The article can be found here, but as always I have copied it for ease of reading.
The campfire reflector wall is somewhat the mark of the experienced outdoorsman. But do they actually work they way they are purported, to redirect heat at the back of the fire to someone on the opposite side of the fire all snug in their lean-to? The short answer is NO! It doesn’t, however, stop others from continuously preaching it and can be found in many survival books. In all honesty, I too, many years ago, believed it. But why doesn’t it work? Well, first lets look at what we are discussing, so we are all on the same page.
On the surface, it seems it would work, right? Science, however, tells us that it can’t and a simple experiment you can do at home will prove that it doesn’t. Inverse Square Law and more appropriately Inverse Cube Law says that it doesn’t work. But for the purpose of explanation we will use Inverse Square Law.
Inverse-square law is any physical law stating that a specified physical quantity or intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance from the source of that physical quantity.
A clear example of this is dropping a pebble into a still pond. The concentric rings near the point of impact will

================



======= Instance Index 3 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Coal is loaded into the firebox
- The boiler produces steam under high pressure
- The steam generated in the boiler flows down into a cylinder
- Just ahead of the wheels, pushing a tight-fitting plunger, the piston
- The piston is connected to one or more of the locomotive&#x27;s wheels through a kind of arm-elbow-shoulder joint called a crank and connecting rod
- As the piston pushes, the crank and connecting rod turn the locomotive&#x27;s wheels and power the train along
- An outlet valve opens and the piston pushes the steam back through the cylinder and out up the locomotive&#x27;s chimney
- 

Question:
suppose people are more responsible about putting out their campfires happens, how will it affect LESS power produced by the steam engine.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.460506
Retrieved Text: I have a idea how it will be crafted! Wood and... Mmm... Something that will make fire? OH! Flint and steel! Good idea! How about the marshmallow crafting? Sugar in furnace? I don't know.
Can't wait to see what happens here!
Maybe it can leave an ash block behind? Or perhaps ash as a drop item, that can be used in a potion?
Can there be different wood variant campfires?
Will they cause forest fires? Will they ward off Strays? Will they attract bears?
Can't wait to see how this is implemented!
I was thinking about campfires, and the problems we have in the Pacific Northwest with wildfires. If I came across a real-life campfire, I'd be horribly upset at the risk. California has seen so much damage. But I thought it would be nice in a "perfect world" to stumble upon life in Minecraft as if someone else was just around the corner, such as a campfire briefly unattended. But then the smile faded. Nope... nope... nope. This is exactly what we *DO NOT WANT* to people to be lax about. We have homes and businesses destroyed because of some moron flicking a cig out the window on a highway.
I don't want to be a pain about this, but I'd like Campfires to be in the area of YOU get to make it, but YOU are responsible to not burn down the freakin' forest.
Please, let's get this right. I really want Campfires in Minecraft. But this summer has been deadly, and I've seen the Redmond Mojang office pictures showing the blood-red

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.790487
Retrieved Text: Although contemporary divestment campaigns have the potential to do a lot of good, we need to be clear about what their path to impact might be. Divestment is an example of socially responsible investing—the practice of either investing only in socially valuable companies or, more commonly, refusing to invest in companies that are deemed “unethical.” Socially responsible investing is big: according to a 2014 report by the Forum for Sustainable and Responsible Investment, roughly one in six dollars, or about eighteen per cent, of the $36.8 trillion in professionally managed assets in the U.S. is involved in socially responsible investing. And the movement has exploded in the past two decades. Students are lobbying their universities to divest from morally dubious industries, such as tobacco or firearms. More recently, a coalition of two thousand individuals—including celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio—and four hundred institutions worth $2.6 trillion has pledged to divest from fossil-fuel companies.
However, if the aim of divestment campaigns is to reduce companies’ profitability by directly reducing their share prices, then these campaigns are misguided. An example: suppose that the market price for a share in ExxonMobil is ten dollars, and that, as a result of a divestment campaign, a university decides to divest from ExxonMobil, and it sells the shares for nine dollars each. What happens then?
Well, what happens is that someone who doesn’t have ethical concerns will snap up the bargain. They’ll buy the shares for nine dollars apiece, and then sell them for ten dollars to one of the other thousands of investors who don’t

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.560036
Retrieved Text: There are a number of reasons why you may be filing a personal injury claim. You may have been injured in a car accident, bitten by a dog, or slipped and fell in a grocery store. However, regardless of why you are filing a claim, there are many legal terms thrown around by insurance companies and personal injury attorneys that you may not be familiar with. One of these terms is subrogation. If your attorney or the insurance company is using this word, you may have questions about it. Here are a few frequently asked questions about subrogation and the answers.
If you have never heard this term before, the first thing you may be wondering is what subrogation is. Subrogation is the term that insurance companies use when recouping money from an at-fault party. This can be an insurance company for the at-fault party or from the at-fault party personally. For example, if you were injured in a car accident, you may pay your deductible to your insurance company and in return, they will pay your policy limits. However, behind the scenes, they will subrogate your claim and recoup money from the other responsible party on your behalf. Subrogation also comes into play if there is more than one responsible party for your accident. For example, if you slip and fall on an icy sidewalk in front of a store, you may be able to hold the city responsible and the store owner responsible for your injuries, depending on the circumstances. In this case, the insurance

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.001842
Retrieved Text: Will the media have affect on the economy? The press has influence, bad or good, around the economy. I’m not stating that it’s the only factor driving the forces from the economy, however if you simply consider all the not so good news that’s been out about how exactly little individuals are spending, layoffs, a downed economy, along with other variables it will possess some affect on what individuals do.
Once the news coverage discusses how bad an economy does, it can benefit they are driving fear in to the lives of individuals and pressure individuals to cut back within an economy. That fear may also trigger companies to slow lower on spending, which could also impact other companies. Maybe you have viewed this news and heard tales about various crimes that could have happened and felt like crime is booming in your town? The thing is, companies depend on other companies to earn money too. Doctors use other doctors to obtain referrals and companies perform the same goes with other companies. Here’s an example. A sluggish economy implies that less homes are made because of slower sales. This could also mean less lumber, flooring, tile, paint, sinks, bath, dry wall, light sockets…and other great tales for that supplies getting used to create homes. And also the goods are produced by several manufacturer. This means less sales agents and workers could be needed its these industries.
You need to just how do you experience feeling about things after listening to it in the news? Do you consider bad

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.932749
Retrieved Text: This is why it is essential to make “how you feel” the most important part of every day, and not compromise your energy for anything or anyone. So, how do you do it?
When we think that we know better and we try to change others, we instantly allow their energy to infiltrate ours. If you don’t want anyone to affect your energy, then it is important to allow everyone their own experiences and their own choices. Don’t even have opinions about their opinions. In trying to convince someone of your “know-how,” you are likely to compromise your own energy. Remember how you feel is your most important asset – sacrifice it for nothing and no one.
Are there people in your life who attempt to get their energy through drama? In other words, they try to invoke negative emotional responses from you, in order to “get energy.” Maybe you are even doing this unconsciously to others?
If you are a people pleaser, you are likely very good at giving your energy away and therefore being affected by other’s energy. Because people pleasers put others before themselves, they are not responsible with their energy and therefore they become energy sponges for everyone whom they are trying to please. It is not your job to please the world. In fact, you would do much better at pleasing others if you first pleased yourself, putting your own needs and wants in first place. It is okay to say, “No” and set boundaries that create a safe haven for you to be

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.14232
Retrieved Text: My job as the A&E officer for VCC/CliffCare requires me to submit a report to committee each month as well as the report for club members in the monthly Argus newsletter and for the overall climbing community. I will be putting up the report each month here on the CliffCare site. You will also find that any updates will have been added to the various tabbed cliff categories.
By the time you read this the new CliffCare website (www.cliffcare.org.au) will be up and running. Still lots of work to do on it – a work in progress you might say. But the basic skeleton is there and I am really keen for people to comment on what they like or don’t like. This has been a project I have been pottering around on for a while. Which is not an unusual thing for me or for CliffCare. So many projects, so little time and so little money. I suppose that’s what its like for many small not for profits. Anyway, I decided I had pushed it to the end of the queue for long enough. I am using the WordPress.com platform for this website as I have experience with this at my Open Spaces job. Originally I thought I would use the WordPress.org platform which allows for greater flexibility and more customability. And I still think that I will probably end up moving the site eventually to this as its popularity grows(which I really hope it does!) The .org platform is a paid one which also requires

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.090021
Retrieved Text: Our editors don't understand this cartoon. Help us by explaining it to them in the comments section!
A centralized system just seems so organized! It's easy to report on, easy to track down issues, easy to know who to blame. Decentralized system just seem so chaotic! Who is in charge here? How do I know we're being efficient?
Why are decentralized systems for much more effective than centralized systems? What can you do leverage decentralization if you are working in a centralized environment?
Consider this story told by Yuval Noah Harari. Gorbachov went to London to learn more about capitalism. He didn’t see any bread lines and asked to talk to the person in charge of bread production, so he could learn how they are doing it. The Londoners scratched their heads and said “no one is in charge of bread".
Traditional corporations are largely a centralized system. Need a project manager? Go ask the centralized PMO. Need a tester? Go ask the QA manager. Need to get a project funded? Well you get the picture.
How can us common-folk affect the system to shift toward decentralization?
Boycott the centralized services in your company.
Can you do without a project manager, or handle project management tasks within your team? What about services that you are forced to use in order to access company resources? The less you rely on resources outside your team, the more productive (and less frustrated) your team will be.
If you are a centralized service, think about what you can do to allow people to self-serve. Is there a queue

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.72426
Retrieved Text: Why Do Modifications Affect The Cost Of My Car Insurance?
Plenty of people are big fans of their modified cars here in Northern Ireland, but while the word ‘modified’ might make you think of boy racers, there is another side to it and the chances that your own car could be modified is more likely than you'd think.
For example, many classic car owners will modify their cars over the years to keep them in top nick as the years tick by. Other motorists will add bits and bobs like tow bars to better suit their needs or lifestyle, while some will update their motors simply to be better looking, more comfortable or more economical.
The problem is that any modification to your car, no matter how harmless it may seem, will likely affect the cost of your insurance – often by quite a bit. We explain why modifications affect the cost of your premiums, what exactly counts as a modification and which are the worst offenders.
Why Do Modifications Matter To Insurance Providers?
When calculating the cost of your car insurance, there are three main factors that an insurance provider will look at: you as a person, where you live and what kind of car you drive.
The reason is that insurance premiums are calculated according to risk; the more likely you are to make a claim on your insurance, the more insurers will charge you in order to offset the cost in the event you do claim.
When it comes to your vehicle, insurers will primarily focus on the following aspects:

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.29627
Retrieved Text: Just look at the incentives.
Incentives are a great way to get someone to do what you want them to do—and all of our institutions are built on them.
We take important tasks that require a lot of unglamorous hard work, but are really beneficial to society—and we bundle them with incentives, so there’s no shortage of talented people willing to do them for us.
But what happens when this tradeoff misfires?
What if people doing a lot of thankless but extremely important work aren’t properly rewarded for doing all that work?
Or, just as disturbingly, what if our institutional elites figure out how to swindle power, money, or attention out of us—without actually delivering on their end of the bargain?
What we want our politicians and government officials to do is protect us, maintain order, encourage prosperity, implement the best laws and policies, and so on.
But what we directly incentivize is winning elections.
In theory, by making our politicians accountable to the people, voters will reward the good ones and punish the bad ones—and through that process, we’ll end up with what we really want: a good, effective government.
What we want our businesses to do is deliver value to consumers.
But what we directly incentivize is making money.
In theory, through the process of producers chasing money and consumers chasing value, the best value-deliverers will be rewarded with the most money, and all us consumers will get maximum value from all their nifty products.
What we want from the media is accurate, comprehensive reporting about all the stuff we need to know.
But what we directly

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.254333
Retrieved Text: Learn how to create opportunities for personal testimony to support your cause, and how to deliver such testimony for maximum effect.
Why does personal testimony work?
How do you prepare to use personal testimony?
What to do at the public hearing?
This video highlights the power of personal testimony in the #IAmAPreexistingCondition video campaign.
Someone who gives personal testimony at a public hearing (such as community groups, church, non-profit groups, AA meetings, etc.) describes to decision-makers or the people in power how changes in a law or policy will impact his or her life. Our lives are affected every day in some way by the laws and policies of our federal, state, and local governments and their agencies. Our lives become better or worse as these regulations change or new ones go into effect. Luckily, before laws and policies can be altered, public hearings are often held to give citizens a chance to voice their support for or their concern about proposed changes. Of course, testimony also can be given in places other than public hearings. What we say can make a difference. This section tells you how to do it.
Personal testimony works because it provides a personal, first-hand account of how laws and policies have a real, daily impact on the average Joe. Often, policy makers are removed from the effects of their decisions and can't really know the harm or good they cause. Personal testimony gives those who are in power a more "human" perspective on how effective, ineffective, beneficial or problematic a policy is or could be for

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.06653
Retrieved Text: I have wondered why it is that our country seems to lose their belief in our rugby team, you see people cheer for the Fijian Sevens more than they do the Manu. It is sad but it is no surprise.
No matter how much money our government seems to inject into the sport or the team, whether we get a former All Blacks coach, something seems amiss. For me and my family, it took what has happened to my nephew for us to fully see it first-hand.
It has been an emotional torment, a heart wrenching ordeal of betrayal, of unfairness and extreme injustice. Yet in spite of all this, I am left to say to our Samoa Rugby Union, ‘fa’afetai tele lava’.
Thank you for clarifying why Rugby in Samoa can never be restored to its prominence. Why our people can never be more proud in the main sport of our nation. Because there is an old culture deeply entrenched that dictates all decisions. You can appoint many managers and leaders but there will always be an abuse of power from the top. When the wrong people are given a little power and authority, they will always hurt the innocent in their gluttonous paths to glory.
Thank you for your selfishness – in putting those you personally know in the frontlines so as to satisfy your own ulterior motives at the expense of those that arduously gave it all their strength, commitment and hearts during the trials. Thank you for dismissing the call for trials just to make the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.969297
Retrieved Text: From time to time, I’ve pondered whether we have the ability, as empaths, to send out energy and change how people feel, or even affect the outcome of a situation.
I’ve always been slightly ambivalent about if we really do have that kind of power, in spite of the many instances I’ve experienced that seems we do.
There have been many occasions where people, who are greatly panicked or even in terror, calm immediately down and feel great reassurance when they speak to me.
As far as I’m aware, I don’t actually do anything different, but none the less, they experience this time and time again.
Are we capable of sending energy without meaning to?
Back in 1991, I visited the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney, New South Wales. I came across a device that measured your body’s electrical flow. It worked by putting your hands on two metal pads. A meter showed what the current was.
Unfortunately, I cannot recall the name of the device, so my terminology might well be wrong. However, what I found was that if I focused my thoughts to raising the needle, I found that I could move it very high.
By the power of my mind, I was able to direct energy to my hands and adjust the needle at will. The results were clearly and repeatedly shown.
It does seem that, as Empaths (and even non Empaths) we can send control our internal energies and it may follow that we can send certain energies at will.
I’ve found that if I send loving healing thoughts to crying babies,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.958603
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine recently emailed me a report regarding a little known Chinese Herb called Artemisinin which promises to kill 98% of cancer cells in 16 hours. The report looked promising, and after reading it I was ready to go out and buy the herb. I was planning on giving it to my mother, whose breast cancer has returned for the third time. Artemisinin is easy enough to find. A simple google search produced many options of where I could purchase it. Although before buying it I decided to do some research on it, to find out the dosages that should be taken as well as any side effects it might have. What I found on the web has led me to have more questions than answers. It appears the report first came out in 2001. I think that if it were a miracle drug that kills cancer that it would be much more known by now. Further research found this herb being called “toxic” and that it should not be taken long term. But yet another website showed a forum where people were talking about the herb and how it prolonged the lives of their animals. A couple people said their cancer was cured just by taking this herb.
Ultimately, I decided against purchasing the herb for my mother. I do not want to be responsible for doing more harm than good to her. I am putting my trust in her doctors that they will do everything in their power to give her the drugs

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.82812
Retrieved Text: A beginner's guide to resurrection.
Life: the peculiar desperation, or dance, to outrun/accept Death and Gravity.
You start naked. This can be awkward. Or not. Stories recommend gardens for adjustment. Expect people not to recognize you, unless you decide to call them by name. Don't mind locked doors. Who said anything about knocking?
Church is out of the question. Something about ruining their curtains. This doesn't matter as you prefer walking with strangers anyway.
You can say grace, disappear, touch women, build campfires on the beach, and eat with friends. You should probably go fishing.
Get up early. The dark will sometimes smell like the grave. When this happens, go outside first thing where the birdsong gives it away.
Remember what it was like to be 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, before everything happened. Think about different planets' rotations and how some days are longer than others. Count down from 40.
Find a good hill to ascend on.
Eat more fish. Only let the doubters in on the wound and save some time for your impetuous friend. Don't soothe. Speak in present tense.
And yes, plant flowers under that lynching tree. Choose perennials. What you both did took guts.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.825321
Retrieved Text: We're talking once again about what I call the "responsibility ethic" that's common in personal development -- the idea that it's best to see ourselves as responsible for our life circumstances, as opposed to seeing our situation as the product of chance or forces beyond our control.
Today, I'll look at another argument personal growth critics often make against the responsibility ethic. The argument goes like this: if I am responsible for my lot in life, it follows that other people are responsible for theirs. For instance, if I assume my own actions created my financial situation, logically I must also assume other people's actions created theirs, and thus I must accept that poor people's own actions created their poverty.
What's more, if I believe poor people are responsible for their situation, there's no reason for me to help them. After all, because their choices and actions created their situation, it's "their own fault." Thus, if we accept the responsibility ethic, we must jettison any semblance of compassion for others. Wendy Kaminer, for instance, decries the "antisocial strain of the positive thinking/mind-cure tradition," which holds that "compassion is a waste of psychic energy."
As in my last post, I think it's useful to begin this discussion with a reality check. Again, the critics are speaking hypothetically. No one, to my knowledge, has any evidence that people involved in personal growth actually give less to charity, or do anything else that might suggest they lack compassion for the less fortunate. What the critics say is that, if people took the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.763155
Retrieved Text: AI : how human should humanoid robots look?
How does a robot’s appearance affect our perception and our understanding of what it really is? In 2010, the United Kingdom published a set of five ethical rules for robotics – the first national level document on AI ethics –, to advise those who design, sell and use robots about their responsibilities. One of these 'Principles of Robotics' states that « Robots are manufactured artefacts. They should not be designed in a deceptive way to exploit vulnerable users: instead their machine nature should be transparent. ». A delegate of the workshop that produced this set of rules, Dr. Joanna Bryson of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Bath, is putting this particular ethical rule to the test with a series of experiments involving humanoid robots. By investigating how humans behave around humanoid robots and examining whether making them look human actually does negatively effect people’s relation to artificial intelligence, the project aims to provide solutions for making the robot’s nature explicit, while not hindering potential therapeutic uses.
Dr. Joanna Bryson and her team have experimented with non-humanoid robots in the past. The AXA Award on Responsible Artificial Intelligence allows them to test with humanoid robots this time, and compare the results with their previous findings. Dr Bryson’s group will use advanced humanoid Pepper robots in a variety of scenarios. Their first experiment is to test whether being able to see the goals of the robot in real time – via screens, for instance –, helps understand how

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.747622
Retrieved Text: Locating an affordable dental insurance plan relies on your ability to be selective of your deductible, limits and elected services. Many of the expenses associated with your dental insurance are consumer-driven. This means you can directly affect how much you pay by how much you use the plan and in what capacity. Consider the following strategies to reduce the fees associated with your dental insurance.
Determine how much you can afford to pay out-of-pocket for dental care each year. If you can afford a few hundred dollars, you may be able to cover most expenses without using your insurance. You should still consider maintaining a relatively low office visit copay. Also, look to pay for simple work, such as fillings, without using your insurance. Most adults, require very little dental work outside of cleanings. For larger problems, such as dental surgery, your deductible will provide you with the coverage you need. You may also be able use a Flexible Spending Account to pay most of these expenses with pre-tax dollars.
Consider lowering your dental insurance limits if you have a low risk of dental emergency. For children, or for those who play contact sports, a high limit may be necessary. Most adults can predict their yearly dental spending with great accuracy, but your limits are there to cover you in case of unforeseen emergency. It is rare that you will use your entire policy limit. In the case of emergency, the money you have saved in dental insurance premiums over five or ten years will likely cover the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.625452
Retrieved Text: BRITS planning their holiday getaway to Europe next year have been urged to carry out a Brexit ‘MOT’ before Britain officially leaves the EU.
Most people in Britain have taken no action to prepare for potential changes that could affect travel in Europe after 11pm on Friday, March 29, 2019.
Possible post-Brexit changes to travel could include Brits needing visas to visit France or flights being grounded - and anyone hoping to take a pet abroad will need to visit a vet at least four months before the trip .
But nearly eight in ten (78%) people say they have not researched AT ALL about how Brexit could affect their holiday plans, according to a survey for sister cruise companies Scenic and Emerald Waterways.
Currently Brits can enter any Schengen area country even if their passport only has a day left before it expires - but after Brexit travellers may not be able to visit these countries unless they have six months left on their passport.
The government has advised adults and children to renew passports that have less than six months validity at the time of any planned trip.
But 71% of Brits say they are completely unaware of changes to passport regulations and potential disruption to travel.
Nearly half (48%) of Brits surveyed said they have visited an EU country in the past year but a quarter (26%) of those said they would consider not booking a trip to an EU country because of fears around Brexit uncertainty.
And 31% will also avoid booking travel to EU countries during the end of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.547003
Retrieved Text: HomeExperienceIs Bitcoin looting the wealth of most people?
Is Bitcoin looting the wealth of most people?
Bitcoin for most people who are not familiar with, is still treated with misunderstandings and doubts.
If people who entered the field of bitcoin in the early stage had more than 100,000 bitcoins, they would have a lot of wealth and can buy goods and services. Isn't this loot?
Now, we will try to answer this question.
Putting aside the hype, in essence, the price of something rises, either the value of the thing is re-excavated, or the currency that measures the price is depreciating, or the two work together.
The essence of value is consensus, and the value of bitcoin lies in consensus. Those who influence the price of bitcoin are not those who are scornful, but those who have consensus.
In the past 10 years, bitcoin prices have gone from scratch, from 10,000 bitcoins for 2 pizzas to 1 bitcoin worth 26,000 yuan, except for some speculation factors, mainly for groups with consensus on Bitcoin are growing up.
The skyrocketing price of Bitcoin certainly makes some early-stage visitors happy, and many people envy and hate, but many people overlook one point: those who bought Bitcoin early, they took high risks. If Bitcoin fails, their investment will go directly to zero.
Those who entered the Bitcoin field early could also invest their money in stocks, bonds, real estate, etc., but they chose Bitcoin and took the corresponding risks.
Of course, even now, Bitcoin is still a social experiment, and no one can determine what will happen to Bitcoin in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.520842
Retrieved Text: Putting together a paper for a conference on Representing the Tudors this weekend, I’ve been taxed (again) by the question of what is public history.
a “people’s history” type often emerging from labour movement contexts.
Categorising public history in this way is pretty pervasive, but it has some problems. Most obviously, that definition pre-dates the internet and social media. It leaves out the increasingly important role of universities in making public history. (Laura King and Gary Rivett have written about issues with that role here.) And it also risks marginalising some important issues, not least the question of money.
A different way to think about public history is to ask how it’s funded. Very often we don’t follow the money, but we probably should. Lots of grass-roots community history projects, that might be classed as the ‘people’s history’ type, depend on Heritage Lottery funding or are part of University public engagement or outreach schemes. In other words they’re not as straightforwardly ‘people’s history’ as they might be.
Within the last year I’ve been interviewed twice for a research project about Park Hill, the housing development in Sheffield where I live (part of this larger initiative). The academics running the project, which has research council funding, are genuinely keen that residents should be able to contribute to the research agenda. Yet, immediately, there are questions about money. Participants are not paid, but their interviewers are. Participants are asked to sign over copyright in their contributions to the University. That doesn’t feel very public to me.
At the other end of the public

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.495974
Retrieved Text: What is. Universal Credit. & how will it affect me?
Download "What is. Universal Credit. & how will it affect me?"
1 What is Universal Credit & how will it affect me?
12 Useful contacts: Department for Work and Pensions Citizens Advice (CAB) National Debt Line tel: Step Change tel: Money Advice Service tel: (English) or (Welsh) Produced August Please note contents are subject to change, and are not a statement of law. Please consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation. Produced by A Welfare Reform information website for housing professionals.
What is Universal Credit, and how will it affect me?
UPDATED. XyxxYy. Benefit Changes. The Government is cutting benefits. 1 in 7 people will be affected. Are you prepared?
Universal Credit: an overview August 2015 What is Universal Credit? 2 Areas of the country where you can claim UC 2 Who will be able to claim UC? 3 Payment of UC 3 Making a claim 4 How is UC calculated?
When is Universal Credit coming in?
Universal Credit Universal Credit The following information gives you a simple explanation of Universal Credit, including when it is coming in, who it applies to and where to find further support and information.
Universal Credit and Rented Housing Frequently Asked Questions 1 Contents 1. Universal Credit and the Housing Costs Element an introduction 2. Paying Rent 3. Evidence requirements and checking claims 4.
Universal Credit. In this factsheet you can find out what benefits are being replaced by UC, who can get it and how much you could get.
Get advice now. Are you worried about

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.487709
Retrieved Text: Resilience is the capacity to bounce back from adversity. Optimism can go a long way to help. But don’t you wonder why some people are more optimistic, and can handle whatever comes? And can it be learnt?
One of the first things we have to do is discover what unrealistic ideas we have about our own patterns of actions and expectations.
Have a look at this picture below. It is a mock up, but it shows the profile of a real person who took a test to see how realistic she is in her attitudes and expectations, and therefore, in her relationships and interactions. The green bar indicates what would be a healthy level of realism and resilience in the areas tested. You can see that the person has some ups and downs, but on the whole, is rather UN-realistic and UN-resilient in most areas of her emotional life. What about the top score achieved in area 3? Oddly, an extreme score at either end might rather suggest that the person is covering over some quite deep issues.
Which ones do you think our person scored high or low? Oh, you want to know what they mean first?
A perfectionist feels he should do everything perfectly. Therefore he criticises himself and others frequently and comes across as though he is judgmental. Really he judges himself most.
Someone who feels “entitled” tends to suppose that he knows what justice and fair play are all about. He doesn’t notice that his own views are the benchmark by which he makes the call, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.423344
Retrieved Text: The HSE’s AskAboutAlcohol.ie and the Irish Heart Foundation have embarked on a campaign to raise awareness of the links between alcohol and heart health. Among the range of harms caused by alcohol, it hurts our hearts too. You can look after your heart and reduce your risk of heart disease and stroke by drinking less alcohol and asking your GP or pharmacist to check your blood pressure.
Nearly one million people in Ireland have high blood pressure, a major cause of heart attack or stroke, and last year almost 9,000 people died from cardiovascular disease in Ireland. High blood pressure usually comes with an even bigger problem — a lack of symptoms. High blood pressure is one of the most common alcohol-related health problems, but many people don’t realise they have it.
Drinking too much alcohol over time raises your blood pressure, which means your heart has to work harder to pump blood around the body. High blood pressure can significantly increase your risk of stroke and heart disease; it can affect how quickly a heart beats (arrhythmias); and can even cause the heart muscles to weaken (alcoholic cardiomyopathy).
Often, there can be a gap between people’s perception of what they drink and what they actually drink. The more alcohol you drink the higher the risk of developing high blood pressure, but even one drink a day can increase your risk. You can use the Drinks Calculator on AskAboutAlcohol.ie to find out if your drinking level might be putting you at risk.
“You don’t need to be dependent on alcohol

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.329195
Retrieved Text: The Picture of the Day showing a magnificent photograph of Arran was stunning (The Herald, September 22).
All the more sad then to read the front-page headline the same day revealing Alex Salmond’s determination to ruin Scotland’s unmatched views (“Revealed: Salmond’s forest wind farm plans”). This he plans to do by stepping up his programme to build more massive industrial wind turbines on so many of our glorious hills and mountains.
Somehow it is all the more distressing because of the uselessness of these monstrosities.
They provide only a tiny proportion of our electricity, and then only intermittently, and have to be backed up by traditional coal and gas-fired power stations. The stop/go process means more CO2 than normal is produced by the back-up power stations, similar to a car changing gear all the time. The Scottish Government plans to create 100% of our electricity by renewables within a few years, with wind turbines the main source. The number of turbines that can be seen on our hills now is nothing compared to what there will be in just a few short years.
By then our electricity will be much more expensive than now because of the large payments made to the landowners and the power companies involved, many of them foreign.
The whole thing is a disaster in the making for Scotland, and those in government seem oblivious to the dangers. I advise everyone to enjoy the view now, because in a few years time, unless a miracle happens, it will be wrecked.
The more opposition grows, the more determined Alex

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.265951
Retrieved Text: In olden times, you would have to set up your TV and VCR to record your favorite shows and movies. This was a major hassle. From fiddling with the ridiculously confusing timer on the VCR, to purchasing and storing all those VHS tapes, it just wasn't worth the effort to record an episode, let alone an entire season, of a primetime TV show.
However, as TV recording becomes easier and more convenient, there also grows a lack of time to actually watch everything you want to see. People are able to have entire marathons of sitting in front of the TV to catch up on four seasons worth of reality shows. But how are they supposed to watch all their recordings, without cutting into a little bit of sleeping time? At one point, there was nothing worth watching after late-night TV. With the video recording options that have become available, a person can spend an entire night watching TV until the sun comes up. Plus, the "sleep" button, which was once a common sleeping aid, is starting to become less frequently used as people become more engaged with programming they can watch anytime they want to.
Even when cellphones first arrived, there wasn't much people could do with them aside from talk. However, with advancements in technology, cellphones have more and more functions than ever before. Many people are starting to use their cellphones as an alarm clock, which is where the problem lies. At such a close proximity to your bed, people are easily tempted to reach

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.259724
Retrieved Text: I decided to give to this blog post an obscure title because today I want to talk about something that in complex network analysis goes under many names, so I did not want to favor any of them. What I am talking about are networks with multiple types of relations in them, the main subject of my PhD Thesis and of a recent article that I published in the World Wide Web Journal. These structures are putting more complexity on top of complex networks, therefore they are complex network squared: hence the fancy blog title.
and so on and so forth. All these terms refer to the same theoretical object, that is also implemented in many ways. I’ll mention some of them just to sound like the guardian of an obscure cult: labeled multigraphs, hypergraphs, mesostructures and coupling edges.
Despite the confusion that I tried to create with the first paragraphs, the general idea of this line of research is brutally simple: in our everyday life we are not part of only one network. It may look like we are, but when we start thinking harder about our relationships, we realize that we know the people we know for different reasons. This idea is the one behind the fact that every person can belong to different “communities” at the same time, which I already discussed in these pages. But it is deeper than that. It does not only require the more sophisticated, but still traditional, community discovery algorithm that I described in that blog post. It requires a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.254837
Retrieved Text: Have you ever dreamt of owning a part of Infosys or Reliance Industries? With stocks you can.
Stocks are basically 'shares' of a company. It is ownership in the most literal sense: you get a piece of every desk, filing cabinet, contract and sale in the company. Better yet, you own a slice of every rupee of profit that comes through the door. The more shares you buy, the bigger your stake in the company.
Stocks are the means by which companies obtain additional financing for their businesses - by selling off parts of their company to investors. The price of a stock can vary tremendously, from less than a rupee of a share, to a few thousand rupees a share!
How is the price of a stock determined?
It's all about the company's earnings. Suppose you own a company which makes Rs. 1,000 in profits every year. How much would you be willing to sell the entire company for? Say you ask for Rs. 10,000. Would anyone buy it?
To a potential buyer, he will assess his situation with this question, "How much return can I get if I invested my money somewhere else?"
If he buys your company at Rs. 10,000, he is essentially investing in a vehicle that can generate 10% returns a year. If he can't find that kind of return somewhere else, he will pay your Rs. 10,000 asking price. If he can, then he won't. You might have to lower your asking price.
Another factor that enters into the consideration is earnings growth. Your company may be

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.11588
Retrieved Text: Ms. Powers, MCC is an international speaker, executive coach, author of the best-selling book “Oh, shift!,” and host of the fun and binge-worthy “Oh, shift!” podcast. Since founding her speaking practice, Jennifer has worked with hundreds of professionals and delivered powerful keynote addresses to over 250,000 people around the globe. For more information on bringing Jennifer Powers to your next event, please visit www.ohshift.com.
Have you ever found yourself making statements like these…?
Surely you have. You’re human.
But the truth is, when you make statements like these you are blaming other people, things, and circumstances for your reality being the way it is. You are holding everyone and everything else responsible for YOUR outcomes, feelings, actions, reactions, and choices. And when you do that you’re acting like…wait for it…a victim. Ouch.
If that wasn’t ugly enough, when you choose to play the victim you’re literally giving your power away to the person or thing you hold responsible for your state of affairs. They don’t even ask for it. You just give. It. Away. Your power is far too valuable to give it away. And hopefully, it goes without saying that if you’re freely giving away your power like that, you’ll find you have less and less on hand to help you reach your professional goals. Oh, and with less power, your performance will suffer too. But you know this, right?
So, here’s something…You’re no victim. You are not a victim. Nope. Not you. You’re not a victim … unless of course you choose to be. That’s right. In every moment

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.089539
Retrieved Text: Believe it or not, I LIKED managing the Emerson Newsletter. Sometimes, it was a tremendous pain in the backside but in general, it was a worthwhile activity where I could help students learn new things about the English language while I (hopefully) entertained them.
Here is a sample of the “Queries and Quandaries” section where I went off on a rant. The students thought it was hilarious.
This is where our subscribers take the spotlight. Send us your questions, comments, stories, and problems related to your experiences with the English language. Be careful, the answer you get might not be the answer you expect.
Dear LordGodKing: What means the verb of phrase “make up”?
Dear LordGodKing: Why are Americans so evil?
Hi Jordi, they’re actually no more evil than anyone else in the world. Let me explain how things work so get an idea of why your question is the incorrect one to ask.
Money rules everything. The USA has a massive concentration of wealth compared to the rest of the world, which means that most people there (not counting the homeless and illegal immigrants) have a minimum level of wealth that would amaze people in 3rd world countries. Even the poorest family has two TVs, a DVD, and a Playstation. So, the people making the money amass all they can and the people doing the work are entertained by the aforementioned electronic equipment, sporting events, movies, alcohol, and reality shows.
The net result is you have a country where the middle class is disappearing, replaced by a financial/cultural/intellectual elite on one side

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.081568
Retrieved Text: I’m sure you’ve seen that anti-toxic masculinity Superbowl commercial made by male grooming company Gillette. It depicts typically “male” behaviour, like sexual harassment and violence, and says that men can be more than that, that they can be better, before pledging three million dollars over the next three years to charity.
There’s been both joy and hate from both sides of the political spectrum. Men’s rights activists say that they feel “attacked” and that Gillette is just another company buying into the feminist agenda of making men feel bad about being born. Cynics on the left are talking about how “the revolution has been bought and sold” and not to be sucked in by Gillette’s messaging because it’s a corporation that feels nothing and cares only for profits. Gillette is trying to sell you something, they want your money, these cynics say, and, perhaps rightly so, that if current trends were to discuss masculinity in more “traditional” terms, they would make an ad celebrating those qualities.
It’s also worth noting that three million dollars over three years is less than the average yearly bonus of Gillette executives.
So, what’s going on here? Who’s right?
Well, probably not the MRAs. If any man is taking the ad personally and feels attacked, then they’re exactly who the commercial was designed to speak to. The stoic man not dealing with his emotions and who is “allowed” to have little violent tantrums because he’s “stressed” is not a stable man.
that brand emotionally. All too often, this is a cynical marketing ploy designed purely for

================



======= Instance Index 4 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Put the aluminum can into a recycle bin
- The cans are transported to a facility
- The cans are shredded by a machine
- The cans are heated to 1400 degrees to melt them
- The molten metal is poured into molds
- The molds are flattened and rolled into sheets to reuse.

Question:
suppose The recycling plant uses proper technique happens, how will it affect The cans are heated to a less high temperature.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.577393
Retrieved Text: Friday night! Hanging out with some friends and having a couple of canned beers. The weather is nice and the sun is shining, so we grab some cans and go to our favourite place at the river. What a great summer evening! The next day we all might have a little hangover as a result, but there’s something more important to think about: where do the empty cans go? Have you ever wondered what happens to a beverage can after putting it into the recycling bin? Okay, we know by now that it will be recycled, but what does that really mean? As I laid on my couch last Saturday, still a little bit done in from the party the night before, I thought about this recycling thing and so I did some research about can recycling. And of course, I can’t wait to share some insights with you.
It is always a good idea to choose the packaging material of your food and beverage, wisely. But did you know, that cans are a great alternative to other packaging, especially when it comes to drinks? First of all, you really get the wow effect when realizing, how sustainable the can material is! For example, making aluminium from recycled cans uses only 5 percent of the energy you would need for producing it from its raw materials. Steel cans have the similar sustainable character, as you can save at least 70 percent of the energy through recycling. Furthermore, you can just keep remelting and reforming it, without ever

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.216583
Retrieved Text: If you are a recycler in that case there are bin options that help you to do this more easily. Inside the same space that you could have your single trash is it possible to can have 4 small bins, sometimes even in different shades to help you easily separate waste material. This can eradicate the problem of getting an overflowing main trash may as less is actually going to the dump and more is being directed elsewhere to be reused or perhaps transformed. However you decide to take care of your overflowing trash spare there is an easy option available to you. Cleaning up your trash location really opens up a home and gives it an all rounded cleaner and fresher come to feel. An added bonus of getting additional trash cans is that although you'll have done more to take out; your vacations to the outside trash may will be less frequent.
Mrspalmreader - Tesco recycling can crushing machine at extra rutherglen. How to use the tesco automated recycling machine at rutherglen extra glasgow this accepts tins, glass, aluminium cans and plastic bottles including plastic milk cartons. Recycle crushing machines. Tesco recycling can crushing machine at extra rutherglen youtube sep 12, 2010 how to use the tesco automated recycling machine at rutherglen extra glasgow this accepts tins, glass, aluminium cans and plastic bottles. Crushing machines opening 25x40. Tesco recycling can crushing machine at extra 12 09 2010� how to use the tesco automated recycling machine at rutherglen extra glasgow this accepts tins, glass, aluminium cans

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.533497
Retrieved Text: What happens to the contents of my blue wheelie bin after collection?
During July 2010 households were issued with a blue 240 litre wheelie bin to replace their boxes and bags for the collection of their "Dry" Recycling (paper, cardboard, plastics, glass bottles and jars, fruit juice cartons, tins and cans). This mixed recycling is taken to be sorted at a state of art recycling facility in Aldridge, West Midlands.
How is the recycling sorted?
The film below shows how the contents of your blue recycling bin are sorted. It shows that there is a huge amount of effort put into sorting the recyclables after they have been collected from your home.
The householder plays an important role in this process as they are the first link in the chain that turns household waste into usable resources. It is therefore very important that at this first stage the right items/materials are put into the recycling bin.
If the wrong items/materials, such as; food waste, nappies, garden waste or cat litter, are put into the blue recycling bin this could spoil/contaminate the other "target" materials and the whole load could be rejected.
How does the plant sort the materials?
After the recyclable materials have been tipped onto the tipping floor they are scooped up and placed onto a conveyor belt. As the conveyor belt travels through the plant, different technologies are used to remove each recyclable material. See below for a brief description of how each material is removed from the belt.
PAPER & CARDBOARD: This is the first material to be removed. Large cogs

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.456604
Retrieved Text: The aluminum can is the ideal container Aluminum cans hold 2.5 times more beverage per cubic meter than a refillable bottle. This saves both storage and transportation space, reduces energy consumption and gas exhaust emissions. Other advantages of the aluminum can include being air-tight, hygienic, does not break and easy to open. Aluminum cans melt and cool fast, thus saving energy. Aluminum cans be recycled over and over and the printing ink used is water-soluble and non-toxic. These facts above are related to the aluminum can recycling and usage in North America. There is lots of energy and pollution conservation to account for if you included other recycled aluminum products such as screen doors, cooking ware, window frames and lots of others.
The modern 12 fluid ounce aluminum can, it takes 31.8 cans to equal one pound.
Recycling just one aluminum can saves enough energy to power a T.V. for 3 hours.
97% of all beverage cans are aluminum.
Aluminum cans do not stick to a magnet, steel cans do. North America is currently recycling 2/3 of their aluminum cans. Aluminum cans uses 95% less energy over refining from raw aluminum (Bauxite ore).
Current energy saved in one year from recycling aluminum cans in the USA would light the entire city of Denver, CO for more than 10 years.
Using recycled aluminum beverage cans to produce new cans allows the aluminum can industry to make up to 20 times more cans using the same amount of energy.
The energy saved in one year from recycled cans is equivalent to 20 million barrels of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.2682
Retrieved Text: Do you want to start an aluminum can recycling company from scratch? Or you need a sample aluminum can recycling business plan template? If YES, then i advice you read on.
The recycling business has come to stay and the good part of it is that it enjoys the support of environmentalist and the government of various nations since it is a means to preserve the earth from degradation, greenhouse gas emissions and environmental pollution.
Aluminum can recycling saves energy and the process of recycling is cheaper compared to starting from the scratch. It is a fact that aluminum is a sustainable metal and it can be recycled over and over again to produce new products. Another good thing is that recycling aluminum cans requires about 5% of the energy used in the production of virgin aluminum from the ore.
The essence of recycling aluminum cans is to make use of the already used cans for the production of new cans or other aluminum products and components. This process is simple and cost effective; the used aluminum cans are collected and sorted before they are melted. The melted aluminum cans can be used for the production of new cans, aluminum tools, products or aluminum components.
Although establishing your own aluminum can recycling company requires huge startup capital and rigorous processes to build your own plant, but it is a fact that it is indeed a profitable venture. The market for recycled aluminum can is large and can accommodate loads of investors. Recycled aluminum cans are used for canning foods, drinks,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.120655
Retrieved Text: This is a post I've been meaning to write for quite a while and have just never gotten around to! Well.... here goes, the latest in my series: MM guide to Oman.
1. Plastic water bottles. Masafi & Tanuf, and the Environmental Society of Oman have an active plastic bottle recycling program - rumour is that the recycling plant in the UAE is unable to accept the bottles currently, and so the bottles are being shredded and baled and stored until such a time that the UAE will allow the plastic refuse to be transported over the border for recycling. This may be old news, I've not heard an update to this in over a year. There are collection bins dotted all over the Capital, I personally use the one at the ABA school in Al Khuwair.
2. Paper. Apex publishing, the people behind Muscat Daily, The Week and a bunch of other publications, operate a paper recycling operation. They will come to your location (for volumes significant enough) to collect the paper, or alternatively there are a few collection bins around town - again I personally use the one at the ABA school in Al Khuwair.
3. Aluminium cans. Basically soda cans - not steel cans that are used for soups and such, but the aluminium ones. I'm not really 100% sure what happens with them, but there is an active group of people (at least here in Muscat) that will go around from bin to bin and collect the pop cans. I'm told they sell the cans

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.521812
Retrieved Text: Recycling, Exposed! A Breakdown on How And What Can Be Recycled.
Recycling is a little more complicated than separating your cans, bottles, paper, and plastics. I know when I began my cleaning business, I had to take the time to understand what can and cannot be recycled, not to mention what happens to the recyclables after they’ve been turned in. You’d be surprised how many people ask me that. I consider the questions positive; people really are interested in a greener planet and the steps I am taking through my business to ensure that we have one. I’m going to break the information down for you as well. Let’s look at what can and cannot be recycled, and I’ll throw in some extra info to make you a recycling expert!
Aluminum: Depending on the can, recyclable aluminum cans include your soda and beer cans, food cans, and even your wet pet food cans. The best rule of thumb is to see if the can is labeled as recyclable. If it is, you can toss it into the aluminum bin; just make sure to rinse it out first, as recycling plants need the cans clean.
Glass: Nearly all glass bottles are recyclable, but here’s something you might not know: You need to keep the clear and colored glass bottles separate not just for the recycling plant but for you as well. Clear glass is more valuable, so you’ll receive a higher return if your recycling drop-off center gives you cash.
Paper: Newspapers are the obvious recyclable product in this category, and

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.52409
Retrieved Text: Besides Alcoa not even referring to its highly-touted new technologies for "safely" disposing spent pot lining (SPL), both the company and the Government have made no reference to the proposed plant being used for recycling aluminium cans and other waste. If Alcoa were to promise to absorb, say, 75 per cent of the beverage cans that prove to be as dangerous to our environment as smelters, I'll probably back its construction. In the UK, where an estimated five billion cans are used every year, Alcan has established the only dedicated recycling plant for beverage cans.
Of course neither the authorities nor the company ever captures more than 50 per cent of this waste. But, to be fair to them, they are campaigning using easily accessible bins, offering cash, and mounting public campaigns to create environmental awareness.
Aluminium is the most recyclable of metals. It can be recycled repeatedly with no loss of quality. Even better, the recycling process uses substantially less energy than the smelting of raw alumina. In fact, it is estimated that while it takes 13 kWh of electricity to produce one kilogramme of the metal, that usage is cut by almost 10kWh in the recycling process. If Alcoa's proposed 314,000 tonnes a year plant will absorb most of our used beverage cans, I think many people may think twice about opposing its construction.
But the arguments against Alcoa setting up shop here have gone past recycling. Prime Minister Patrick Manning, who claims to be leading us into "Vision 2020", must ask himself why no new aluminium

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.29013
Retrieved Text: What goes in my recycle bin?
Find out what to place and not place in your recycle bin.
You can contact customer service online or by calling 510-657-3500. Customer Service hours are Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Please help make our waste reduction programs a success by properly sorting your recyclable materials from your trash. Remember, by recycling you are helping to conserve natural resources. If you have questions, please contact your property manager or give us a call.
The City of Fremont and Republic Services provide free recycling bags to apartment and condominium customers. This leak-proof, heavy-duty bag makes it convenient for residents to collect and carry jars, bottles, cans, paper and other recyclables. Just empty the bag into the complex's shared container and return to the unit for reuse. Recycling bags are available from your complex management office or Republic Services.
Each multi-family residence is entitled to one free recycling tote bag for indoor storage of recyclables and transport to the outdoor collection containers. Contact your property manager for more information.
FIND OUT how Republic Services can collect your compostable holiday trees at no charge. Then download our CUSTOM FLYER (requires Microsoft Word 2010). Type in your own message explaining where and how to dispose of holiday trees. Email, post or distribute to your residents. If you do not have the most recent version of Microsoft Word, our PRINTABLE FLYER allows you to handwrite a message in the indicated boxes (one for compostable trees and one for non-compostable trees).
Three free on-call bulky item collections per year per residence. This

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.127712
Retrieved Text: Hey! Friday night! Time to celebrate. With beer. Since we already know what happens to us once we've popped the top on a few too many cold ones—hello, hangover—let's take a look at what happens to that can after you've pounded it; chances are, it will be less than a few months until it's already back chilling out in a fridge somewhere.
Duh for many reasons, not least of which is the material is practically begging to be reused; it is incredibly, almost mind-bogglingly resilient. Though it takes quite a bit of energy to produce aluminum in the first place, once that mined bauxite ore is cleaned, crushed, refined, and processed, it can just keep on keeping on getting melted down and reformed, without forgoing any of its strength or natural properties in the process. Aluminum can pretty much live for-ev-er, if we let it. Whoa. Considering that just two years ago, Americans were tossing out 2.9 million tons of aluminum per year—most of it our beloved beverage cans—and we recycled a little over half of that, we've got a ways to go.
Once your blue bins have been emptied curbside, they're taken to a sorting and recycling facility—even when privately owned and for profit, they're definitely in the business of making the world a less trashy place by intercepting landfill-bound garbage and giving it a chance for new forms and new functions.
It all starts with a massive dump from a big ol' truck, into huge piles like the one above at Sunset Park in Brooklyn, our nation's

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.879868
Retrieved Text: Have you heard of water intoxication? It occurs when you accidently drink too much water. It is also known as water poisoning and hyperhydration. The interesting thing about it is that it is a rare condition – under normal conditions. An extreme example of how this can develop comes from drinking contests where high quantities of fluid are consumed in a short period of time.
What causes water poisoning is an imbalance between water and electrolytes. When excessive water is consumed in a short period of time without enough electrolytes also consumed, it creates this imbalance. The imbalance can affect brain function and sometimes results in death.
Long distance runners and extreme sports participants are susceptible to water intoxication just from drinking too much water when exercising. The symptoms result in athletes who consume high volumes of liquid forcing the sodium level in their body to drop. The threshold level has been pegged at 135 mmol/L and less. This is why organized endurance races have several checkpoints and provide participants with liquids other than just water. Sports drinks containing electrolytes are a common solution to preventing hyperhydration from happening.
In fact, even if you are not an athlete you still risk contracting water poisoning. If you are involved in any activity where overexertion results in heavy sweating or work in high heat climates, you will need to replace lost fluids. By just drinking water can reduce your body’s sodium to an unsafe level. Staying hydrated should include some kind of electrolyte replacement to prevent the symptoms of water intoxication

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.77844
Retrieved Text: Jul 12, 2017 From the separation and recycling of aluminum plastic scraps to the briquetting and ingot melting aluminum scrap recycling machinery.
Oct 17, 2013 The process involves simply re-melting the metal, which is far less Aluminium UBC arrives at the recycling plant in large blocks, or bales.
Aluminium recycling is the process by which scrap aluminium can be reused in products after its initial production. The process involves simply re-melting the metal, which is far less expensive separator, and cut into small, equally sized pieces to lessen the volume and make it easier for the machines that separate them.
aluminum recycling - business opportunities. recycling of aluminium is the increase of inclusions and impurity elements in re-melted post consumer scrap. Plant; Equipments supplier; Rolling Mills suppliers; Scrap sorting portable machine.
Jun 15, 2010 Goals for refining of melted recycled aluminium. 19. General .. melting plant to remove the unwanted components of the scrap prior to melting.
the industry is when melting aluminum scrap. Results show that in 2002, about 7 knowledge on aluminum scrap flows is Electrical and Electronic Equipment.
12. Launder systems To Carry the Molten Metal. 13. Caster Machine for Manufacturing Ingot. With VFD Drive. 14. Water Cooling systems for Ingots. 15. C.I. Mold.
Analysis of the Recycling Method of Aluminum Soda Cans ii. Certification .. The molten aluminum from the smelting plant is then either cast or rolled into ingots.
MODERN FURNACES FOR ALUMINUM SCRAP RECYCLING. MODERN FURNACES The tilting barrel furnace has been used for melting of scrap die castings, foundry castings, and . more commonly by a dedicated

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.666664
Retrieved Text: At Green Roads Recycling® we believe that reducing, reusing and recycling are the best ways to a sustainable future, as well as the best use of the taxpayer’s dollar when it comes to revamping roads.
Saves the money that would be spent to landfill the old road.
Lowers greenhouse gas emissions by 27 tonnes per kilometre when compared to conventional paving methods. Twenty-seven tonnes.
Preserves all the energy and raw materials (natural resources) that went into making the asphalt in the first place, which means less mining and less drilling for oil and gas.
Burns less fuel in trucks and machinery, and produces less pollution from incinerators.
Calculations show that it requires roughly 500,000 BTU’s to produce a tonne of new asphalt. To recycle a tonne of asphalt in place requires roughly 200,000 BTU’s. Since HIPAR uses approximately 60 per cent less energy it produces 60 per cent less greenhouse gases when producing a tonne of asphalt mix. All of today’s recycling trains are equipped with emission control systems. These systems are tested annually by independent testing companies and are required to meet stringent air quality standards.
Frankly, the argument in favour of recycling asphalt isn’t a hard one to make. If we recycle beer cans, why not roads, right? But unlike beer cans, the recycling method is as important as choosing to recycle in the first place. In other words, not all recycled paving methods are equal.
RAP or Recycled Asphalt Pavement is an asphalt recycling method that cold mills the asphalt rather than warm mills it. Cold milling requires pulverizing the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.537693
Retrieved Text: Among the many things that you can do to help protect the Pennsylvania environment, recycling is one of the most popular things to do.
Recycling refers to the re-processing of used items or waste products into reusable or new products. Recycling offers a number of eco-friendly and financial benefits. Here’s a more in-depth and balanced look at how recycling helps to benefit both man and the environment.
According to environment advocates and government planners, recycling saves businesses, governments and households considerable sums of money. According to the Institute for Local Self Reliance, communities save money when they treat recycling as a replacement for traditional waste disposal and handling methods. Through implementing recycling initiatives in local communities, community managers and planners redesign their garbage collection schedules, as well as reduce the operating time of their trucks and equipment.
While some skeptics argue that recycling costs so much more than traditional garbage disposal methods, green advocates say that the prices paid for scrap materials are a direct measure of the immense value of recyclables. For example, scarp aluminum fetches a high price because recycling it eats up less energy as compared to producing a new aluminum can or container.
According to data from the US Energy Information Administration, a paper mill actually uses 40 percent less energy to make paper from recycled materials, than it does to make paper from freshly-cut lumber. Proponents of recycling also tress that the need to use a second timber or logging truck is defrayed when paper is collected and used for recycled.
The US Environmental Protection Agency

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.49981
Retrieved Text: Where Does The Metal You Recycle End Up?
Metal is a valuable material which can be recycled over and over again without degrading its properties, meaning it is still of high quality when reused. Therefore, it is important that all offices and homeowners recycle any metal, wherever possible.
Recycling metal has many advantages, the main benefit being that it has value, people want to collect it and then sell it to recycling operations. While this is an obvious gain for businesses, recycling metal also has many positive impacts on the environment. For example, recycling metal allows us to preserve natural resources while using less energy to manufacture new products.
As well as this, recycling also releases less carbon dioxide (CO2) and other harmful gases into the environment as opposed to landfill. Therefore, if you want to do your bit to gain some money and help the environment along the way, we suggest you recycle all of your office waste, including metal.
Collection begins once all recycling bins are full. Some types of metal such as steel cans, tin and aluminium can be collected directly from the home or office. Other, larger items such as old appliances can be also collected or sent to a local recycling centre.
Once your items have been collected and sent to the recycling centre, they will be sorted by metal type. This process may involve a large magnet, that is easily able to separate steel or other tests based on moisture, for example.
After the sorting has taken place, shredding is carried out to further the process.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.39194
Retrieved Text: We separate recyclables from trash. We take our containers out to the curb on collection day. Trucks empty them and drive off. We retrieve the containers until the next collection day. Did you ever wonder what happens next?
To find out, I toured the recycling facility in Greensboro, North Carolina and interviewed the city’s recycling education specialist Tori Carle.
American cities offer many different recycling methods. Greensboro and most American communities offer single stream recycling. We put all trash in one container and all recyclables in another. Some places require that the consumer sort various recyclables into separate containers.
In single stream recycling, the truck empties your recycle cart and takes everything to a materials recovery facility (MRF). There, some combination of machinery and human workers sort and bale everything.
MRFs differ in the equipment they have and the order in which specific materials are separated. These differences influence which materials each can accept.
More than one city or town may use the same MRF, along with unincorporated areas. Cities collect only residential recycling. Businesses and apartment complexes hire their own haulers to take away their recyclables—to the same MRF.
Some cities own and operate a MRF. Companies that haul trash and/or operate landfills own and operate most of them. Recent years have seen the formation of “pure play” companies that specialize in sorting and selling recyclables.
When a truck brings a load, it stops on a scale for weighing. Then it dumps its contents onto a tipping floor. From there a front loader pushes residential recycling into one pile and commercial recycling

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.326965
Retrieved Text: Have you ever thought about a technique that helps in fighting poverty as well as protecting environment? I know many of you would be shocked on hearing this statement. How can you protect environment and eradicate poverty with one technique?
Yes there is a technique called briquetting. It is nothing but waste recycling. So poor people can collect waste from different sources and can convert it into briquettes, which they can further sell to industries to get money. This was to fight poverty.
What about environment? Yes, it protects environment too. First it provides an effective technique for waste recycling, which just spoils environment. Second briquettes effectively replace fossil fuel. We all are aware of the harmful effects of fossil fuel and eagerly need an eco-friendly substitute of this. So, that substitute is briquette.
I know, what will be your next question. How will a poor person buy briquetting machine? First briquetting plant manufacturer provide cost-effective machine and second government provides subsidies to support briquetting projects. So you don’t need much money to set up a briquetting plant. Further, it is just a onetime investment, as the raw material is almost free of cost. You can collect it from the farmers with excessive agriculture waste, industries like paper mills, construction sites and forests.
I guess, you are clear now how briquetting is helpful in poverty eradication and environment protection. You just need to find right briquetting machine and approach government to get benefits. Once you start manufacturing, you can contact different industries like brick kiln, leather mills, pottery industries etc.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.237053
Retrieved Text: Sorted collected PMD waste is taken to our fully-automated recycling plant to separate recyclable materials in various fractions.
Drinks cartons and synthetic material are detected, identified and sorted by optic machines. The metals are then extracted in turn using magnets and eddy current separators. The sorted fractions are compacted into bales and taken to recycling firms which transform them into new primary materials and new products.
What do we recycle from one tonne of PMD?
Do you want to know what happens after one tonne of PMD passes through our recycling plant? Read the following and discover what materials we extract from your PMD.
Metals can be re-used straight away by the metal industry.
Green PET (polyethylene terephthalate) is washed and then crushed into husks or synthetic beads, ready to be turned into new products such as new bottles, plastic punnets for fruit and vegetables, textile fibres, mats and stuffing for mattresses, jackets and sleeping bags.
Just like green PET, blue PET is washed and crushed into plastic beads, ready to be reused to make new products.
Clear PET is the most common. This material is ideal for making new products such as clothes or just new bottles.
You can make one fleece out of 27 PET bottles!
Clear plastic bottles made from HDPE (high-density polyethylene) such as fabric conditioner bottles are recycled into storage containers, shelves, drums, ducts, cable sheaths and pipes etc.
Card from Tetra Pak packaging is separated from the layers of plastic and aluminium in a paper factory. The cardboard fibres begin a new life there, for example as cardboard boxes, paper

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.180496
Retrieved Text: At a garbage dump about 80 miles west of London, Adrian Griffiths is testing an invention he’s confident will save the world’s oceans from choking in plastic waste. And earn him millions.
His machine, about the size of a tennis court, churns all sorts of petroleum-based products -- cling wrap, polyester clothing, carpets, electronics -- back into oil. It takes less than a second and the resulting fuel, called Plaxx, can be used to make plastic again or power ship engines.
"We want to change the history of plastic in the world," said Griffiths, the chief executive officer of Recycling Technologies in Swindon, a town in southwest England where 2.4 tons of plastic waste can get transformed in this way daily as part of a pilot project.
For financial backers including the U.K. government and more than 100 private investors, the technology could mark a breakthrough in how plastic is managed globally. The machine uses a feedstock recycling technique developed at Warwick University to process plastic waste without the need for sorting, a major hurdle that has prevented economically viable recycling on a grand scale.
Griffiths’ project is unique in that it doesn’t target a specific type of plastic, but rather seeks to find a solution for the so-called plastic soup inundating the world’s water bodies. By 2050, plastic will outweigh fish in the oceans, according to a study presented at this year’s World Economic Forum by the Ellen MacArthur Foundation.
"It could be a real game changer," said Patricia Vangheluwe, consumer & environmental affairs director at PlasticsEurope, a trade association

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.13257
Retrieved Text: Yellow means caution, even for plants. While leaf yellowing, known as chlorosis, may be a signal that there is a problem that requires attention, it may also be normal. Understanding when this coloration is to be expected and when it indicates a problem is essential to be sure you’re giving your plants the proper care.
Chlorosis is the scientific word used to indicate the full or partial yellowing of plant leaves or stems and simply means that chlorophyll is breaking down. There are times when this is normal, expected coloration, and there are times when it indicates deeper problems that need attention.
Normal Chlorosis – Yellowing leaves at the base of an otherwise healthy plant is normal; the plant is simply utilizing the nitrogen and magnesium for exposed leaves near its top rather than older, lower leaves. These yellowed, older leaves will eventually shrivel and fall off as newer growth emerges at the top of the plant.
Chlorotic Response to Light – Moving a plant from full sun to shade, or visa-versa, can cause yellowing leaves as the plant reacts to the change and stress. Make sure that you grow and maintain your plant in the proper light. Also bear in mind seasonal changes that may affect how much light a plant is exposed to, even if it hasn’t been moved.
Chlorotic Response to Moisture – Sudden changes in soil moisture may damage or kill plant roots which can lead to yellowed leaves as the roots are unable to take up sufficient moisture. Most otherwise healthy plants, however, are able

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.097057
Retrieved Text: Two of our projects (the Samaras/Sorensen Residence dining room and Novak Residence kitchen) were chosen for a featured Ideabook on Houzz's home page. Woot!
For more photos of both projects, feel free to peruse the albums on our Facebook page.
We are Kitchen of the Week on Houzz!
The Novak Residence project was featured as Kitchen of the Week on Houzz.com. Check it out!
Our custom cabinet design was featured in an article!
Happy New Year everybody! Sorry about the extended silence over the holidays. Let's start the new year off with some press on one of our recent projects.
If you are interested in knowing more about the program, click on the links above to see how you might be able to get involved. I'll keep you posted on my thoughts on this new program as it progresses.
We are Recycle at Work Certified!
Our Portland office is now Recycle at Work Certified. The City has a program where it encourages businesses to take steps towards better recycling, and then recognizes businesses with this certification. Here are the steps: Step 1: Identify your champion. That just means there should be an assigned recycling advocate for the office. For our office, that would be me. Step 2: Recycle all paper bottles and cans. This sounds easy, but the tricky part is to have EVERYONE in your office do it. Step 3: Make recycling easy. Having recycling bins right next to garbage cans will motivate everyone to ask "can I recycle this?" before throwing it in the trash. Clear signage is also important. Step 4:

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.0114
Retrieved Text: Birmingham City Council collect recycling from domestic properties on the same day once a fortnight. There are different collection days across Selly Oak, with Bournbrook being every Wednesday for instance. To check when your collection day is enter your postcode or address here.
If you live on a road with no wheelie bin collection – Blue box- Paper and card, every fortnight.
Clear sack – Garden waste, on alternate weeks to the above. These are chargeable.
Your recycling is collected every two weeks on the same day as your refuse, with recycling one week and the clear garden waste sack collected the other week.
Please do not put your garden waste sacks out for collection at the same time as the boxes (unless told otherwise).
If you are unsure about when your collection weeks are, go to Collection Schedules on the Birmingham City Council website.
– How much waste does Birmingham recycle?
– Where should I recycle household batteries?
The Household Recycling Centres have a dedicated box for household batteries. Alternatively shops such as Currys and PC World will take them back. By early 2010 all shops that supply household batteries will be required by law to provide a recycling point.
– Where does all my recycling go?
The paper and card goes to the Smurfit Kappa mill at Nechells and is made into cardboard boxes. The glass/cans/plastic bottles currently go to a plant in Four Ashes, Wolverhampton. There are very few Material Recycling Facilities (MRF) that sort by machine, but it means we can take mixed materials without sorting them at the kerbside, which is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.93209
Retrieved Text: Bestival, and it’s family-friendly sister festival Camp Bestival, have confirmed that water will only be available in cans at this year’s events.
As members of the Association of Independent Festivals, the two events at Lulworth Castle are pledged to eliminate all single-use plastic by 2021. The ban stretches as far as glitter and cable ties, so it’s no surprise to see festivals start tackling plastic bottles this summer.
Rob da Bank, who organises both Bestival and Camp Bestival, confirmed tonight on Twitter that all plastic water bottles sold by their bars will be replaced with fully recyclable aluminium cans.
In partnership with CanO Water, the festivals will be supplying water in cans claimed to have the highest recycling rate of any drink on the market. Once recycled, a can could be back on a shelf in as little as 6 weeks.
Whilst water will continue to be available at standpipes around the festivals, fans have expressed concerns about not being able to refill the cans. It’s also pretty difficult to keep a can upright whilst sleeping in a tent.
UPDATE: We’ve had confirmation from the Bestival press office that the cans sold at the festival will not CanO Water’s resealable cans, but their standard ring pull version. This means the cans will be 100% aluminium, but won’t be resealable.
Thankfully, CanO Water also offer cans with an innovate resealable lid, which they also claim doesn’t affect the recycling process.
﻿However, we don’t have any confirmation from organisers as to if the Bestival and Camp Bestival branded cans will be supplied with resealable lids,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.899788
Retrieved Text: Recycling bins are a great way to prevent hazardous materials from making their way into landfills.
The way recycling is collected varies from town to town, but most areas have implemented a policy where each home is issued a city-standard bin in which to place recyclable goods and leave curbside once per week. There are also buy-back centers located in most communities that will give you money back for recycling goods. In addition, drop-off centers exist at supermarkets or other community buildings that allow for the proper disposal of larger items.
So now that you know how where to find a bin, what can you actually recycle? The answer - a ton of stuff. Recyclable goods include magazines, cardboard, food card packaging, paper, non-food card packaging, envelopes, junk mail, aerosol cans, soda and beer cans, plastic bottles and plastic containers under 25 milliliters in size.
There are also certain goods that are unable to be recycled. These items include food, small pieces of paper that measure less than one centimeter, plastic film, hard plastics, metals, batteries, glass, textiles, composite cartons and bags of household waste. None of these things can be reused by recycling centers and should be disposed of in other ways. Certain items like batteries should not be thrown away with the regular trash as they can be harmful to the environment if they end up in a landfill.
Recycling is a great way to do your part in helping keep the planet clean and free from unnecessary harm. After all, we only have one earth - let's

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.89491
Retrieved Text: drying machinery hire recycle,How Do I Dispose Of Or Recycle - DNREC - DelawareShould you need to hire a hazardous waste transporter and disposal company, . copiers, fax machines, printers, televisions and cell phones from businesses and . Allow to dry and then it can be placed in the trash - recommend mixing with.drying machinery hire recycle,Compactor Rental | Republic ServicesWhether you rent or buy, our dedicated team will help you find a compactor . Compactor Equipment . Wet waste (food) or dry waste (paper and plastic); Lower waste producers . Residential Waste Services · Business Solutions · Dumpster Rental · Construction Waste · Recycling Services · Electronics Recycling · Moving?Emerald Coast Utilities Authority - Sanitation: Escambia Co.Jun 15, 2018 . The ECUA provides solid waste, recycling and yard trash collection to . No Pet Food Cans and Dry Pet Food Bags . and Tape Players, VCRs; Telephones, Cell Phones, Fax Machines; Video . Franchise Fee When Applicable Per Occurrence; Daily Rental Fee: 20cy= $1.94/ 30cy= $2.24/ 40cy= $2.55.
City Landfill & Resource Recovery Center :: VBgov - City of .
Awards include: MarCom Awards 2014 Gold Award, ia Recycling Association (VRA) 2015 Outstanding Municipal Program Award, and the ia.
We offer an environmentally friendly tumble dryer removal and recycling service all . Fridge Freezer; Microwave; Oven & Hob; Tumble Dryer; Washing Machine.
Recycle for Greater Manchester | Your A-Z guide to waste and .
With our A-Z guide to waste and recycling, you can find out exactly what to . If you are using a hire vehicle please take your

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.788383
Retrieved Text: Climate Change is happening. It is caused largely by human activity and will have many potentially damaging effects in the decades ahead.
Most people don’t realize that reducing, reusing, and recycling can help slow climate change. Every product has a life cycle, and every step from manufacturing to disposal causes greenhouse gas emissions. Every time you reduce waste by reducing, reusing and recycling, you help decrease the amount of greenhouse gases added to the atmosphere.
These emissions, including carbon dioxide, the main greenhouse gas, are currently in our atmosphere in high concentration levels. The gases greatly affect the planet’s climate system by acting like a blanket, trapping the sun’s warmth near the earth’s surface. Greenhouse gases stay in the atmosphere for a long time. Plants and oceans absorb carbon dioxide, but are unable to keep up with the amount people are presently releasing.
Reduce: Limit the amount of new stuff you buy. To further decrease waste, buy products less packaging.
Reuse: Donate items you no longer need to family, friends or charities so someone else can use them. Borrow or rent products you need only for a short time, such as baby clothes or strollers.
Recycle: Recycle what you can so materials like paper, bottles and cans can be collected and repurposed.Choose products made from recycled materials whenever you can.
View information on a computer screen instead of printing copies.
Purchase supplies with as little packaging as possible.
Host “waste–free” lunch days at their school.
Print, copy, and write on both sides of a piece of paper.
Encourage your children to share supplies they no longer

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.381695
Retrieved Text: Aluminum cans are the most recycled drink container in the United States. In 2013, 1.72 billion lbs., roughly 60.2 billion cans were recycled. That is a recycling rate of nearly 70%. The energy saved by this kind of recycling equals roughly 19 million barrels of crude oil. The amazing benefit of this is the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions and the reduction of landfill mass. It is certainly one of the most sustainable metals in the world, and generates the most money to the consumer who bothers to take it to an aluminum recycling center near them. When searching for a can recycle center near you try to find a facility that offers the highest payout per pound. You can try looking on the website of the local facility to see if they have advertised their payout price. You can also use the map below to find a can recycling center in your area.
What makes aluminum cans so unique is that they are often recycled back into themselves, containing nearly 70% recycled material. That is 3 times more than plastic or glass. This translates into the can’s leaving a good environmental footprint. It also has a high value for re-selling, making recycling programs possible. Scrap aluminum gets $1367 per ton, as compared to plastic that only gets $310, and glass actually gets $0 per ton. Cans are also getting lighter, while continuing to stay durable. This leads to better efficiency for shipping, and eventually less waste.
Aluminum can recycling has grown consistently since the early 2000’s. That

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.367046
Retrieved Text: Bisphenol A is the pollutant which suspected of damaging our health by engaging in the hormonal balance and manipulate the hormonal effect. In contact with Bisphenol A we come almost constantly in our daily lives. Today we want to give you a list of tips that will help us to control the use of Bisphenol A.
Food must not come into contact with Bisphenol A.
To ensure our food are free of bisphenol A, we should omit packaging polycarbonate and cans with epoxy coatings. The packages, which are designated by the recycling code 7 (“other plastics”), are mostly from Bisphenol A – containing polycarbonate. Sometimes you wear alternate designations like “PC”, which is short for polycarbonate.
Pay attention to recycling codes on the packaging.
Plastics without any indicator should raise our concerns: these you should rather leave on the store shelf. Better choice is always a designated pollution-free packaging or containers made of glass, ceramic or stainless steel.
Recycling code 3 represents PVC.
PVC is one of the substances which cause concern for our health and for the environment. PVC may contain not only Bisphenol A, but also toxic vinyl chloride and phthalate (plasticizer).
Recycling code 7 or abbreviation “O” is code for other things among which is polycarbonate, acrylic, polyamide and other materials.
These substances may exert a hormonal effect on the organism..
Recycling code 1 (PET) recycling code 3 (PVC) and recycle code 6 (polystyrene).
These materials do not contain Bisphenol A. However, they may contain plasticizers, which is said to have hormonal effects.
Recycling code 2 or 4 are Polyethylene.
These materials are free of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.361172
Retrieved Text: Recycle: A Musical, by author, playwright, and songwriter Joni Klein-Higger, combines recycling and rock and roll, two of my favorite things! I mean I don’t love the process of collecting, sorting, and taking out trash that is involved in recycling, but I love helping to “save the planet,” one landfill at a time. Add in rock and roll, which is the music I grew up with and listen to daily, and it’s all good.
Right away Ms. Klein-Higger’s Recycle: A Musical grabs children’s attention with a talking trash can, jar, and plastic bottle. Then we move to kids on summer vacation being asked to take out the recycling. Naturally, they just want to play all day. They sing about it in “Summer’s Meant for Having fun.” Then they’re visited by Professor Rosco, who takes them back in time to the 1950’s. There they see what life was like before our “disposable society.” They sing “Rock and Roll with Me” to give us a real feel for the 1950’s.
The kids in the musical see that 1950’s kids didn’t have as much trash as we do. Back then, we didn’t need home recycling, because there was more “institutional” recycling. Milk bottles were refilled. Soda bottles were redeemed for cash. Many families still canned fruits and vegetables, or bought them fresh. There were far fewer processed foods and much less packaging. Nowadays, we order many things online and dispose of much shipping material, in addition to plastics, bottles, cans, and jars. We all need to recycle to reduce the amount

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.301691
Retrieved Text: Recycling is important and this wall mounted can crusher will it help. You can recycle cans more efficiently with this because it minimises the amount of space your cans take up. Fitting everything into the recycling bin will never be an issue again.
This can crusher is easy to use and you can install it anywhere that it is easy to use. You can install it above your kitchen recycling bin because then you can easily crush cans before disposing of them. If you recycle your cans by taking them to a recycling plant this is great because it will be easier to transport them. You will not have to visit the recycling depot as often because it will take longer for you to fill your bag, box or whatever you use.
Install the can crusher in a cafe or place that serves canned drinks. Customers can crush cans before putting them into provided bins. This will mean that you do not need to empty the trash as often as usual.
The can crusher is a great practical gift idea for someone who consumes a lot of beer or soft drinks. Those cans can take up a lot of room in the recycling bin and this will make a huge difference.
If you spend time fishing and have your own boat this is a great idea. It will help to minimize waste so that you can save room on your vessel. This is also a great idea for work canteens or anywhere else where cans need to be disposed of.

================



======= Instance Index 5 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The salt water is heated
- As the saltwater is heated the water becomes a gas
- The salt particles sink to the bottom of the container
- Gaseous water is piped into another container
- Allowed to cool
- The salt particles are left behind in the first container
- The second container contains fresh water.

Question:
suppose gas condenses back into water happens, how will it affect LESS salt being removed from the water.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.163998
Retrieved Text: formed in water when the partially positive side on a hydrogen molecule is attracted to the partially negative side of a oxygen molecule, more energy is needed to break a hydrogen bond during melting or boiling, more hydrogen bonds when in solid state, hydrogen bonds last only a few trillionths of a second in water, but immediately bond to another molecule. At any given moment a substantial % of H2O molecules are bonded to their neighbors giving H2O more structure than other liquids.
measure of total kinetic energy of the molecules and atoms in a substance. measured in calories.
kilocalorie = one thousand calories.
how united a body is, depends on bonding of molecules.
mass per unit volume of a substance; measured grams of matter/cm3, water has density of one gram at 4CSeawater has density of 1.0278 at 4 degrees C sea water is more dense than freshwater, Warm water is less dense than cold water, At 4 degrees C, water is the most dense; each molecule can form 4 H-bonds with 4 other molecules. Curved hill shape w/apex at 4 degrees c, ice has molecules that are further apart; lattice work; takes up greater space than water; ice floats on water.
the transfer of heat energy by density-driven process. Water becomes less dense when heated and rises; sinks when loses heat and becomes more dense; convection cell.
heat energy transferred by waves or rays without the need of a substance to transfer the energy. Water receives and reflects solar energy; water absorbing the heat will make it less dense; warm water

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.721592
Retrieved Text: • Spot dishes, faucets, sinks, toilets, cars, in fact all surfaces, with a microscopic film of limestone.
• Deposits buildup inside water pipes, heaters, and bathroom and kitchen fixtures.
• Gas water heaters used 29% less energy to heat water and electric water heaters used 21% less energy when operated on softened water according to a study done by New Mexico State University.
How can I test the levels of hardness in my well water?
• Order a low cost Do-It-Yourself hardness water test kit and Other Well Water Testing Kits.
• Presently there is only one practical way for homeowners to soften their water and that is through an ion exchange water softener. Briefly here is how it works.
• Ion exchange water softeners are filled with millions of tiny resin beads that attract and hold on to calcium. As the water passes through this resin "bed" the calcium is removed so it cannot harm your household goods.
• What happens when the resin beads are full of calcium?
• The resin bed is rinsed with dissolved salt, usually table salt. The dissolved salt scours the calcium from the beads which prepares them to remove more calcium. This rinsing process takes place every few days, usually at night.
• Not according to the WQA (Water Quality Association). Some other technologies can remove calcium but at a very high cost in energy or wasted water. Ion exchange water softening is the most cost efficient method to remove calcium.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.009575
Retrieved Text: 1. What are the four common phases of matter?
2. Do the molecules in a liquid all have about the same speed, or do they have a wide variety of speeds?
Molecules in liquids have a wide variety of speeds.
3. What is evaporation, and why is it a cooling process? Exactly what is it that cools?
Evaporation is a change of phase from liquid to gas that occurs at the surface of a liquid. The average kinetic energy of the molecules remaining in the liquid is lowered, which results in cooling. The loss of energy is the only factor which cools liquid evaporation.
4. Why does warmer water evaporate more readily than cold water?
Warmer water evaporates more readily than cold water because there are a greater proportion of molecules with sufficient kinetic energy to escape the warmer water.
The form of evaporation in which molecules are covered directly from a solid to a gaseous phase.
6. Distinguish between condensation and evaporation.
In condensation the state changes from gas to liquid while evaporation the state changes from liquid to gas. Condensation is a warming process while evaporation is a cooling process.
7. Why is a steam burn more damaging than a burn from boiling water of the same temperature?
A scaling from steam is much more damaging than a scalding from boiling water of the same temperature because the steam releases considerable energy when it condenses to a liquid and wets the skin.
8. Why do you feel uncomfortably warm on a hot day and humid day?
On a hot day and humid day we feel uncomfortably warm

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.946426
Retrieved Text: The dissolving capacity of water depends on what else is dissolved in water, I here assert. H20 only has so many bonds it can make. I propose that by adding a different solute to seawater it would be possible to get unwanted solutes (i.e. NaCl) to precipitate out as easily removed crystals.
Whatever is added must be easy to remove. Reacting away salts is not easy and if it is possible, those substance will be expensive. Plus you usually get rid of only one ion and the other remains in the water.
Whatever is added must be evaporated out. I am pretty sure I proposed this scheme here using CO2 but I think I deleted it from the HB, hoping to win an Innocentive prize with it (nope). So here it is back It is back because it occurred to me that one could also use fluorocarbons or chlorofluorocarbon in the same role: extremely polar, extremely soluble in water, also very volatile and so easy to remove with a pressure change. Also I still wonder if it would work.
1. Seawater is admitted to treatment chamber.
2. CO2 (or fluorocarbon) is added under pressure. As CO2 dissolved in water increases, salts precipitate out.
3. Sweep away salts from bottom of chamber.
4. Reduce pressure and CO2 / CH2F2 outgasses and can be reclaimed.
5. Treated water has markedly less solute. It will still need refining if it is for drinking but it may be adequate for irrigation / industry. CO2 is nice in that some remaining in the water will make it bubbly

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.894985
Retrieved Text: This video shows the build of a “pure water” Water Distiller that easily turns dirty water/salt water etc… into clean fresh pure water. This produces lots of clean water fast. Made from close to 12 feet of copper tubing along with a few fittings (optional stainless steel tube shown as well). video contains full instructions on how to build it. Early testing shows it produces about a quart in 1.5 hrs (and half gallon in 2.5 hrs). note that i soldered on the copper fitting. If you don’t have a torch, they sell “push on” fittings that require no soldering. *if soldering, remember to use “lead-free” solder.The process is simple. It boils water and creates steam.
The steam rises without bringing any of the impurities along with it. The steam travels through the coils and slowly cools and condenses. It finally condenses back to its liquid form and drips out as clean water.
Previous articleHow to build an Inexpensive Geothermal Air Conditioning System to Cool your Home using an Old Car Radiator ,Solar Panel.
Next articleDIY Video : How to build your own DIY off grid / grid down Solar Power Back up system from scratch .Complete Video instructional for Beginners.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.73508
Retrieved Text: More and more, oil- and gas-drilling companies are turning to businesses that recycle the millions of gallons of fresh water needed to break up shale during the “fracking” process.
But what happens to the toxic metals, dangerous chemicals and even radium that is removed from the water but comes back up to the surface and is recycled?
Ohio environmental and natural- resources officials say they don’t know how many recyclers there are, how much of this waste is produced, what’s in it or even where it goes.
Recycling companies say this waste is safely disposed of in landfills. But environmental-advocacy groups say no one knows what threats the waste might pose if it leaks from landfills and gets into groundwater.
Recycling wastewater is a cost saver for drilling companies. Every gallon that can be reused saves a gallon of new water that has to be purchased and trucked or piped in.
The primary method of waste- water disposal in Ohio is injection wells, where the stuff is pumped thousands of feet underground. Tom Stewart, vice president of the Ohio Oil and Gas Association, said the industry believes that recycling is a cheaper option. Ohio Department of Natural Resources officials say they are studying the recycling issue with the help of Battelle scientists.
Armed with a $49,000 state grant, the Columbus-based research giant is trying to identify the “ best available” recycling technologies and practices, with a report expected in the spring, said Annie Lane, Battelle’s project manager.
Recycling is one offshoot of fracking, in which millions of gallons of water, sand and chemicals

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.33578
Retrieved Text: Without humidity, our airways get irritated and mucus gets thick and nasty. The actual amount, or weight, of water vapor in a gas is called ________ humidity.
As respiratory therapists, we compare the weight of water vapor to the amount it could hold if the gas was fully saturated. This ratio of content to capacity is known as ________ humidity.
You hear about this on the weather report every day. I'm more interested in how much vapor gas can hold inside the airways. This amount is called percent ________ humidity.
When inspired gas has less than 100% of its capacity, a humidity _________ exists.
When air cools, and gaseous water returns to a liquid form, we say that _________ has occurred.
When a drink sits out, water molecules escape from the liquid into the air. This process is called _________ and adds to the humidity in the air.
What are the four ways that heat moves?
O2 normally exists as a gas at sea level. What has to happen to turn gaseous O2 into liquid O2 for medical use?
Decrease in temperature and increase in pressure.
What happens to the temperature when liquid O2 is converted into gaseous O2?
Rapid cooling occurs or a drop in temperature.
Which temperature scale would a respiratory therapist be least likely to use clinically?
At sea level, what is the primary factor that determines the state of matter?
Liquid water can easily turn into its gaseous or vapor form. Water vapor content of gas is important for comfort and airway health. What factors affect the amount and rate of vaporization of water?
Temperature, pressure,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.057465
Retrieved Text: The diagram below illustrates the four basic components of every refrigeration system. These include the Evaporator, the Compressor, the Condenser, and a Metering Device. A refrigerant is then circulated through each component for the sole purpose of removing heat.
What is Refrigeration? Refrigeration is simply cooling by removing heat. Heat is a form of energy that can’t be destroyed. Therefore to remove heat we can only transfer from one place to another. Even though it is easier to think of refrigeration as the process of making things cold, it actually is the process of transferring heat from one place to another.
Let’s apply this to an example of a walk-in cooler used for the storage of product. In order to cool this room, we need to transfer the heat from inside this room, to somewhere outside this room. This happens in several steps.
Step 1- Air is drawn across a refrigerant Coil, or evaporator, inside the room. As refrigerant flows through this coil, the heat is transferred from the air to the refrigerant. This causes a temperature drop in the air as it passes across the coil.
Step 3- After the heat is removed from the refrigerant- it then circulates back to the room evaporator to repeat the process.
In review, we removed the heat from the room by transferring the heat from the air into the refrigerant (1). The refrigerant carried this heat to the outdoor air cooled condenser, then this heat was transferred from the refrigerant to the outside air (2).
To understand the refrigeration process, let’s first make sure

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.830894
Retrieved Text: Home » Science Notes Posts » How Stuff Works » Why Do You See Your Breath When It’s Cold?
When it’s cold outside, you can see your breath because water vapor condenses into fog.
If you’re outside on a cold winter day or even if you breathe into the freezer, sometimes you can see your breath. Yet, sometimes it’s not all that chilly and see you puffs of vapor, while other times it’s downright frigid and you don’t see anything at all. What’s going on?
Exhaled air contains a lot of water. When you breathe into cold air, the water vapor condenses to form tiny water droplets and ice particles. Basically you look like a fire-breathing dragon because the outside air can’t absorb the extra humidity.
You can feel there is a lot of water in exhaled air if you breathe into your hand a few times. The surface of your skin will get slick with moisture. When it’s cold outside, air can’t hold very much moisture. This is why 100% humidity in the winter feels dry, yet 100% humidity in the summer feels like you’re practically soaking in water.
When you exhale into saturated cold air, the extra water from your lungs can’t be absorbed by the surrounding air, so it condenses into tiny water droplets or ice particles (depending on the temperature), forming a cloud you can see.
Even if it’s cold, if the air is dry, you may not be able to see your breath. You may be able to predict whether or not you can see a cloud

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.34037
Retrieved Text: Desalination is the process of removing salt from saltwater, which might be necessary due to a lack of clean drinking water in your area. You might also need to do this someday if you are ever stranded somewhere without access to salt-free water. There are several different ways of removing salt from water and turning it into drinking water.
Get a large pot with a lid and an empty drinking cup. The glass should be big enough to hold a fair amount of freshwater. Make sure the glass is short enough that you can still put it inside of the pot with the lid on it.
Use a pot and lid that are meant to be heated on a stovetop. A Pyrex or metal cup is safest, as certain types of glass will explode when exposed to heat. Plastic may melt or deform.
Pour some saltwater into the pot slowly. Do not overfill the pot. Stop well before the water level has reached the mouth of the glass. This will help to ensure that no saltwater splashes into the glass while it is boiling. You don't want to get any saltwater into the drinking glass, or your newly made fresh water will be contaminated.
Place the pot cover upside down on the pot. This will allow the water vapor to drip into the drinking glass as it condenses. Position the pot lid so that the highest point or handle of the lid is facing down towards the glass and is directly above the glass.
Make sure the pot lid has a

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.26294
Retrieved Text: Simply put, a salt chlorine generator (also known as a salt system or a salt chlorinator) is a swimming pool chlorination system that creates chlorine from sodium chloride (salt). Before a salt chlorine generator can operate, the swimming pool water must have a salt concentration of 3,000 ppm (parts per million).
As salt water travels through the swimming pool’s circulation system, it enters the salt chlorine generator and passes through a salt cell. As the salt water flows through the cell, a low-voltage direct current is applied to flat, rectangular plates inside the cell, initiating electrolysis . Through electrolysis, salt and water break up into hydrogen gas and hypochlorous acid. The hydrogen gas simply leaves the swimming pool water in the form of small bubbles. The hypochlorous acid sanitizes the swimming pool water and ultimately reverts back into salt, and the process repeats.
Just a few advantages of salt chlorine generators include: reduced skin and eye irritation, no harsh chemical odors, and swimmer safety.
Sixty percent of pool owners experience two full algae blooms every season. So What causes these blooms and how can we prevent them? Listed below we have put together some information identifying the problem and some proactive steps to prevent it.
Regardless of how it happens, if phosphates are allowed to remain present in pool, spa, or pond water, they will be reduced to orthophosphates, which are the only form of phosphates that algae can digest.
As such, you can never completely remove phosphates; instead, we refer to it as maintaining a “near zero” level with a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.68881
Retrieved Text: Bill Nye the Science Guy is no drip – he’s just talking about the water cycle.
About 70% of the Earth’s surface is covered in water, and almost all of that water has been around since the Earth formed billions and billions of years ago. That means a glass of water you drink today could be water that a dinosaur once sipped. Water is constantly recycled on Earth as rain, snow, sleet and hail. It makes its way in and out of oceans, lakes, streams, hail, and glaciers. Scientists call the recycling of water the water cycle (not that bad, huh?).
There are four parts to the water cycle. Evaporation happens when lakes, oceans, rivers, and streams are heated by the sun. Liquid water evaporates into a gas called “water vapor”. When water vapor cools enough to become a liquid, we say it “condenses”. Condensation happens when water vapor cools into tiny droplets to make clouds. Precipitation is when water from the clouds falls to Earth as rain, sleet, hail, or snow. And, collection happens when the rain, hail, snow, or sleet gathers back into oceans, lakes, rivers, streams, and glaciers. The water cycle goes around and around, all the time, all over the world.
In this show, Bill Nye really quenches your thirst for science.
Most of the water in the world is the same water that was here when the Earth was formed.
Water moves around the Earth in a water cycle.
The water cycle has four parts, evaporation, condensation, precipitation, and collection.
The most intense rainfall we’ve ever seen happened

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.298313
Retrieved Text: Through tank or heat exchange surface modifications, condensing water heaters extract more sensible heat from the combustion gas, lowering the temperature enough to cause moisture to condense out of the combustion gases, thus capturing a significant portion of the latent heat energy.
This is because the dew point of flue gas is about 140 degrees F for natural gas, so in systems where the return water temperature is higher than 140 degrees F, conditions are too warm to allow the flue gas to condense.
Is a high-efficiency boiler right for your facility?
When warm water vapor in the air comes into contact with cool surfaces like glass lenses and windows, the moist air often condenses into liquid droplets on the surface.
In recycling architectural fragments, Pernice condenses the grimy reality of mass transit into forms that quote its structures.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.172188
Retrieved Text: In this Science experiment, preschoolers will learn how salt crystals form and what happens when water evaporates from salt.
As a bonus, the salt crystals leave a pretty crust on the paper snowflakes that look just like snow! Preschoolers will be delighted with how pretty these snowflakes turn out.
Objective: To learn about salt crystals and water evaporation.
Materials: Blue paper, scissors, salt.
Ask: What happens when salt and water mix? What happens when salt water evaporates?
Learn: Preschoolers will learn a lot with this STEAM experiment. Preschoolers will learn about water evaporation, dissolving salt, and how salt crystals are formed and what shape they take.
Set out some paper and kid-safe scissors. Let children cut out their own snowflake designs (we used a circle design).
Once the snowflakes are made, place them in a shallow container or on a plate.
An adult should dissolve salt in a small amount of water (the less water you use, the faster the crystals will form). Keep adding salt until crystals start to form a crust on the surface of the boiling water.
Carefully pour the water over the snowflakes (don’t let kids near during this part).
After the water cools, show the kids how the wet snowflakes don’t have crystals now, but they will form as the water evaporates.
Place the tray in a sunny spot. When the snowflakes dry, beautiful crystals will remain.
Science: Talk about how all crystals take a specific shape when forming. You don’t have to go into discussion of ionic bonding, but you can talk about how salt crystals will always take a square shape.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.163593
Retrieved Text: 26 errors has been found on this page. Administrator will correct this soon.
Former Congress:Top 100 Technologies -- RD as rated by the There was an error working with the wiki: Code.
These are technologies that received less than 50% of voting participation from the NEC or were voted "off the island".
Removed Nov. 16, 2008 (was 87 of Top 100) Directory:Wind > Directory:High Altitude Wind Power > Directory:Wind:Ladder Mills - The Laddermill is a high altitude wind power design which consists of a series of wings or kites all connected to the ground via cable, forming a huge rotating loop.
Removed Nov. 16, 2008 (was 100 of Top 100) There was an error working with the wiki: Code - WhalePower Corp features a blade design that mimics the aerodynamically efficient design of a humpback whale’s flipper, allowing a turbine to capture more of the wind's energy, and at much lower speeds.
Removed Nov. 16, 2008 (was 99 of Top 100) Directory:Batteries >Brown engineers build a better battery -- with plastic - It's thin, light, flexible -- and plastic. Brown University engineers have created a prototype polymer-based battery that packs more power than a standard alkaline battery and more storage capacity than a double-layered capacitor.
Removed Nov. 16, 2008 (was 83 of Top 100) Directory:Nuclear > Directory:Toshiba's Home Nuclear Fusion Reactor - Toshiba has developed a new class of nuclear reactor 100 times smaller than a standard reactor. These micro sized nuclear reactors could be used to power large houses, apartment blocks or some city blocks.
Removed Sept. 17, 2008 (was 101 of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.486687
Retrieved Text: You may have contemplated exactly how imperial air conditioning system in fact works, or perhaps you have actually never ever provided it a moment's thought. Just in case you are curious, we will certainly attempt to discuss it to you.
A/c like it claims, "conditions" the air. It not only cools the air down, however it also lowers the moisture web content, or humidity. Refrigeration cycle plays an important part in this. This cycle works the same way whether a cooling and heating system is mounted in a structure, in a vehicle, or even a home refrigerator. A/c is a field in its very own right yet we'll stick to the bottom lines.
A number of individuals don't know that turning on the air conditioner actually reduces the variety of miles per gallon of your car. Because the compressor runs, there is excess energy used in eliminating the warmth and also wetness from the air inside the vehicle, which consumes extra gas because of the added engine load. However, your automobile generally has the very same kind of air conditioning that your house does.
Air conditioning's main concepts are evaporation and also condensation. It duplicates the cycle of compression and also growth. It virtually is a scientific research experiment occurring in your house. At a less complex level, it takes in heat and also throws it outdoors.
You might have noticed that if you massage a little bit of surgical spirits on the back of your hand, your hand will really feel trendy. It is because the spirits on the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.370575
Retrieved Text: How Does Salt Affect the pH of Water?
Table salt is called sodium chloride. When it is added to water, it breaks down into ions of sodium and chlorine. Neither of them reacts with water, so salt will only change the volume of the water, not its pH. In order for any type of salt to affect the pH (potential of hydrogen), it has to react with water to release or bind the hydrogen atoms from the water.
A salt is a general term in chemistry that refers to a negatively charged ion and a positively charged ion (like the Na+ and Cl- ions in table salt) that are brought together when an acid and a base neutralize each other. Adding a basic salt like ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) to water produces a reaction in which the ammonium ion (NH4+) combines with water to produce a hydronium atom (H3O+), which is an acid because it releases hydrogen. Acidic salts make water more acidic.
Some salts can make a solution like water more alkaline, and we call these basic salts. For example, sodium carbonate (Na2CO3) is a salt that when added to water breaks into two sodium ions (Na+) and one carbonate ion (CO32-), which combines with water to form hydroxide (OH-), which is a base.
Many municipalities and some homes will "soften" water by filtering it through a salt. The salt binds with the minerals to take them out of the water. So by adding salt to your water softener, you are only changing the amount of minerals in the water,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.229668
Retrieved Text: I are now living in the tropics and also am suffering from frequent strength outages. The regular water holds about 28 Centigrade and also sometimes My partner and i fill my bathtub with that to lay down and cool-down in, if the fans and also airconds affect and Now i’m sweating a lot of. When I escape the bath tub, I will not always depletion it, because I expect you’ll take a very good dip again several hours later, or even the very next day. When the very next day, it demonstrates the water inside the tub is now quite cool, much colder compared to the tap h2o. Why won’t it hold the higher oxygen temperature about, how did it give away from heat with a warmer surroundings? I can easily ask my own sweating body the identical question, how do it great my body to a ambient temperatures, that could be the same and even higher as compared to my body temperature?
The answer needless to say is, has to be evaporation, that causes heat to be able to flow spontaneously from your colder with a warmer location. This continues to be known for 1000s of years and also practiced simply by keeping h2o and wine beverages cool inside jars regarding porous substance, through which usually some water exudes and also evaporates. Consequently, if an individual ever considered that temperature cannot in an instant flow from your colder with a warmer location, go for the tropics and also experience that this is simply not true.
Even so,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 35.198936
Retrieved Text: Gas by itself is of no use whatsoever: it requires oxygen from the air exterior in order to burn. At the most fundamental degree, this happens its independency: as the piston drops throughout the induction stroke, air enters past the open inlet shutoff to fill the increasing area. After that, when the compression and power strokes are total, the exhaust shutoff opens and also the rising piston presses the exhaust gas out prepared for a fresh cost of clean air.
In method, however, the engine needs an air filter to quit dust, dampness and also littles rubbish being sucked into its cyndrical tubes, as well as needs an exhaust system to dispose of the hot exhaust gases safely and quietly. To conserve having a different filter and exhaust pipe for each cylinder of a multi-cylinder engine the inbound air is fed to the cyndrical tubes through tubular structures called inlet manifolds, and the exhaust gases are carried away with comparable frameworks called the exhaust manifolds.
Unlike their cousins that power tractors and also earth-moving machinery, marine diesels normally operate in a fairly tidy setting: there’s little danger of them having to contend with straw, dust or roadside litter. This means that their air filters can be reasonably straightforward, so some engines run flawlessly well for several years with bit greater than a metal box with a couple of baffles in it.
Most, nonetheless, have something a little bit a lot more sophisticated, including either wire gauze or permeable paper.
Paper tends to limit the air circulation, so to offset this

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.853813
Retrieved Text: Small-scale droughts can have big effects on the Florida Everglades. Ph.D. student Anteneh Abiy is digging deep into these abnormally low rainfall events. He doesn’t have to do go too far into weather data to begin his work. 2017 was drier than usual. The Everglades received 6 inches of rainfall less than the annual average.
Fresh water in the Everglades feeds into the Biscayne Aquifer, the main water supply for Broward, Miami-Dade, Monroe and Palm Beach counties. Small-scale drought events have cropped up over the past two decades, leaving lasting impacts on the county’s water supply.
FIU Ph.D. candidate Anteneh Abiy is studying the effects of drought on the fresh water supply of the Florida Everglades.
Rainfall puts fresh water into the Everglades. But lack of it causes communities to pump more water out from the ground for people to drink, cook with and clean with. At the same time, drought causes ground water levels to drop and salt water from the ocean to creep in to the ground water. The effects of increased demand from people and salt water intrusion circle back to impact the Everglades.
As part of his research, Abiy will present different management options that take into account how drought, sea level rise and water consumption all interact to affect the Everglades. He hopes the information will inform sound water management to ensure a sustainable future for the Everglades.
Abiy relies on climate data collected by the Florida Climate Center and the Florida Coastal Everglades Long Term Ecological Research (FCE-LTER) Program. Housed at FIU and funded by

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.776745
Retrieved Text: Why should I use natural salt chlorinator in my pool/spa/Jacuzzi?
Using a natural salt chlorinator rather than chlorine will guarantee sanitized, healthy water eliminating the negative side effects associated with traditional chlorine. No strong odor! No red eyes! No frizzled hair and itchy skin. No discolored bathing suits or hair! It is the most natural, safe, economical, eco-friendly way of sanitizing your pool water and requires less maintenance.
How often do I need to add salt to my pool?
Typically the only time you may have to add salt to the pool is when the pool has been drained, refilled or when the low salinity indicator light is turned on. Pool water run through the chlorinator’s cell and subjected to electrolysis. The electrolysis process transforms the chlorine portion of the salt into a sanitizer capable of destroying algae, virus and bacteria. The procedure does not destroy or deteriorates the salt, enabling it to continue working without having to add more. The most common ways salt is lost is through leaks, rainwater overflow, filter backwashing and bather splash-out. Normal water evaporation does not lose salt however it increases its concentration in the water. The water added to bring the water level back to normal will then reduce the salt concentration back to 4000 ppm. At the beginning of the season we recommend testing the salinity levels of the pool water and adding salt if necessary.
What are the advantages of salt-water chlorination?
Salt-water chlorination makes your pool much easier to maintain, needing much less attention than liquid chlorine treated pool. No direct

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.771255
Retrieved Text: The most important part of the watershed is the water cycle that drains and fills the area. This cycle is identical around the world. The global water cycle is a continuous process of water movement. The total amount of water involved in this cycle never changes however, only the form of its existence: liquid, solid, or gas. Solar energy pushes the cycle by creating heat that evaporates water from oceans, lakes, streams, and even plants. (Transpiration is the special name given to water evaporated from plants.) The now gaseous water vapor rises to the atmosphere and condenses around dust particles into clouds. The clouds gradually increase in size and weight until too much water is accumulated and precipitation begins. The rain or snow brings the condensed water back to earth to soak into the ground and refill the oceans and lakes.
Water that enters the ground is said to infiltrate or percolate into the soil. This water may either be stored as part of the ground water if it reaches the saturation zone (where all of the space between rock particles is filled with water) or may flow through the ground to empty into a stream or lake.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.76068
Retrieved Text: Jennifer Watson is the host of this water cure video and share this amazing video on water curse. There are stories of those who have improved their lives because of water. This video was produced about a year after Bob Butts discovered the water cures. Bob had already spent thousands of dollars on promoting water cures.
The people on the video are real people. These are real stories. These are our neighbors who have experienced how water can help heal us.
The video features Bob Butts who has spent thousands of dollars as a philanthropic effort to promote The Water Cures. Also is video on Dr. Batmangehlidgh, the doctor who rediscovered it.
One of the questions the video asks, "How much water do you drink?" Most people drink none to very little water on a daily basis.
From chest pain to foot pain and everything between, you will hear stories of those who have ended their suffering and improved their health with water. And those sending in their stories are not just ordinary people. Some reporting are doctors.
Yes, doctors in the video are telling in this video that they used water and salt to improve their health. One made the point that salt is not the enemy. Rather, we need more water, not less salt.
The doctor went on to ask what the first thing people get in an emergency situation. The answer, normal saline, which is salt and water.
The video tells of Dr. B's life story and his experience in prison when he was sentenced to death. He tells of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 34.752792
Retrieved Text: Students test a variety of metals in water and salt water to determine which corrodes the fastest with this hands-on printable science activity.
Did you ever have a shiny new bike that over time got to look not so shiny and new anymore? Or some beach chairs that got left outside over the winter and by spring looked like they were ready for the trash heap?
If so, chances are that the culprit was rust. Mailboxes, swing sets, lamps, cars, railings, and just about anything else made from metal are subject to the perils of rusting-a deteriorating metal condition.
You've undoubtedly had some experience with rust-or at least have seen it on a car or other object. Rust is so common that its color also is called rust, as in rust-colored leaves, or rusty-brown hair.
In this section, you'll learn a lot more about rust and how it occurs. And you'll attempt to find out which metals rust the fastest, by exposing them to water and to salt water.
Rust occurs when metals containing iron react with the oxygen in the air or in water and form a compound called iron(III) oxide (ferric oxide). This compound contains water molecules, so we call it a hydrated compound.
Both oxygen gas and water must be present for the iron to rust. Chemically and very simply speaking, iron atoms lose a few electrons to oxygen atoms. This process by which electrons are removed from atoms is called oxidation. When oxidation occurs, it produces a chemical reaction that creates iron(III) oxide-or rust.
On some metals, corrosion actually

########
Rank: 24
Score: 34.55639
Retrieved Text: Your pool producing its own form of sanitation with no side effects such as blondes going green, irritated eyes, bathing suits bleaching, rashes, etc... briefly sums up what a salt water system is.
Unbalanced water, above average bather load, an uncooperative environment, abnormal weather conditions and malfunctions within the unit are all factors inhibiting its performance, efficiency and expected results by the consumer.
Yes you have a salt pool but you still have a chlorine pool as well. A salt water pool is still sanitized by chlorine. The salt in the water flows through the cell that is plumbed in your system, gets zapped and chlorine is produced, a 100% production of “free chlorine” and 0% “total chlorine” which is why the side effects are nonexistent.
It does not replace any of the other chemicals required to properly balance your water. Sanitation is its sole purpose. pH, Alkalinity, Stabilizer and Calcium are still very much required and needs to be tested regularly, even more now that a salt generator is plumbed in the system.
Your initial cost will require a minimum of $2,500.00 to convert to salt. That cost would include the cell, control box, flow switch, all plumbing labor, all electrical labor, initial amount of salt required, installation, tax, all materials and supplies.
To sum it up: if any regular bathers constantly complain that they're continuously irritated from regular chlorine then a salt system would be the right move to make. If no one mentions anything then perhaps staying with the regular chlorine method would be the right decision.
Are Solar

########
Rank: 25
Score: 34.521564
Retrieved Text: One of the biggest environmental and oil and gas production cost factors in the ongoing development of the U.S.’s massive shale basins is how the industry handles water.
In this special report, Oil & Gas 360® takes a detailed look at the topic of water and why operators need it, how they use it, handle it, treat it or dispose of it. Water is critical to production from the shale basins.
According to the EIA’s Drilling Productivity Report, the major U.S. shale basins are producing 6.039 MM barrels of oil per day combined. Looking at the typical water cuts in each basin tracked by the USGS, and looking at the oil produced from each basin, it’s reasonable to assume that between 15-20 million barrels of water are being produced every day from the major onshore U.S. shale basins. The National Energy Technology Laboratory reports that water production from the U.S., including (1) the major onshore shale basins, and (2) Alaska, and (3) the Gulf of Mexico, is roughly 57 million barrels per day. However, the focus of our report is production coming from the major U.S. shale basins.
The USGS calculates that in 2010, about 355,000 million gallons per day of water was withdrawn for use in the United States for domestic consumption–including household use, irrigation, hydroelectric power generation, commercial and industrial use. (All 2010 water use information is from the report Estimated use of water in the United States in 2010.) That converts to 8.5 billion barrels of water per day.
The term water cut, or water saturation, relates

########
Rank: 26
Score: 34.414536
Retrieved Text: Humidity and condensation can compromise building occupants' health and comfort, damage interior finishes, and raise heating costs.
The RDPU-CPC (condensation prevention controller) is specially designed for cellars, wine cellars, museums, food production and storage facilities where condensation needs to be prevented.
What is condensation and which parameters are important?
Condensation describes when a gas condenses back into a liquid and is more often used when referring to water vapour condensing back into liquid water. Water condensation usually happens when water vapour cools and appears as droplets on a surface or appears as clouds or water droplets in the sky.
The ratio of water vapour in the air to the maximum amount of water vapour the air can hold at a particular temperature is expressed as relative humidity (rH). For example, rH of 30% means that the air contains 30% of the moisture it can possibly hold at that particular temperature. When air can hold no more moisture at a given temperature (i.e. the rH is 100%), the air is said to be saturated.
The dew point is the temperature to which air must be cooled to become saturated with water vapour. When further cooled, the airborne water vapour will condense to form liquid water (dew). When air cools to its dew point through contact with a surface that is colder than the air, water will condense on the surface. The measurement of the dew point is related to humidity. A higher dew point means there will be more moisture in the air.
As air temperature increases, its capacity to hold moisture also

########
Rank: 27
Score: 34.405453
Retrieved Text: The early history of chemistry has many interesting stories. Just consider the problems scientists had 200 years ago as they tried to figure out some of the most basic ideas of chemistry. It was clear that there were different substances—for instance, water is different than coal. But it wasn't so clear what these substances were made of. You could take something like nitrogen gas (N2) and oxygen gas (O2) and combine them together to make another gas (in this case NO2). It thus seemed reasonable to suppose that stuff (molecular gas) was made of smaller stuff (atoms). But the evidence isn't so easy to see. The primary difficulty is that humans can't see molecules or atoms. All the scientific ideas have to be built on indirect evidence.
Avogadro's Law: If you have two gasses at the same temperature and pressure, they will occupy the same volume only if they contain the same number of molecules.
If you are thinking this is just a version of the Ideal Gas Law, you are correct—but let's move on to a useful example. Suppose you take water (which is H2O) and run an electric curent through it—called electrolysis. This can break the water molecules into hydrogen gas and oxygen gas (which you could collect). If you had these two gases at the same temperature and pressure, the hydrogen gas would take up twice the volume compared to the oxygen gas. Why? Well, when you break up the water molecule, you get twice as much hydrogen as oxygen. Yes, hydrogen doesn't just float

########
Rank: 28
Score: 34.389797
Retrieved Text: Does your system meet the requirements of a sanitary agreement?
Yes of course, all the ECOBULLES Habitat products are validated by the Attestation of Sanitary Conformity. It is an official certificate delivered by an authorised laboratory designated by the government’s Department of Health. This certificate is mandatory in France since 2006 for any system in contact with household water. ACS N° 16 ACC NY 302 Valid certification until September 23, 2021.
What are the different ways of using alimentary CO2?
No, CO2 is not inflammable. It is by the way the main component in extinguishers.
No, CO2 is a neutral gas that does not explode.
And about the bottles, if exposed to high heat (over 50°C), they all come with a safety valve.
Are there any bacterial risks with CO2?
No, absolutely not, since C02 is bacteriostatic (meaning that it actually stops bacteria development).
Can I place my CO2 bottle anywhere?
No, although CO2 is an inactive gas, it must be placed in a naturally or mechanically ventilated room, or in a room equipped with high and low aeration.
If placed in a small and non-ventilated room, ECOBULLES requires the installation of a CO2 detector.
In any case, the bottle must placed vertically.
Which experience, which objectivity do you have about the efficiency of this system?
We have worked for over 20 years in the agri-food sector (our first customers were the biggest Champagne companies).
For households, the first prototype was created in 1999. Around 500 devices have been installed in “pioneering” households’ owners between 1999 and 2014.
This is in 2015 that the specific line for households has been created.
Can

########
Rank: 29
Score: 34.18874
Retrieved Text: Part of all aquarists maintenance routine should be performing a water change on the aquarium. Water changes are not just limited to saltwater aquarium – all home aquariums have a requirement for their water to be changed.
This article is aimed at owners of saltwater aquariums as there are slight differences between saltwater aquariums and other home aquariums – one of which is salt of course!
The recommended amount of water to be changed is 10% per week however this is not a figure which is set in stone as more may be changed if there are problems with the aquarium and less may be changed for various other reasons.
Due to the percentage water change this does mean that some people will be changing a small amount of water and others will be changing a lot more. Personally I have an aquarium where I am able to make up enough reverse osmosis water to perform the change. My aquarium is 100 gallons so 10 gallons is relatively easy to produce as my reverse osmosis unit is quite quick.
Other people decide to make up a large batch of reverse osmosis water and keep it for use until the container runs dry.
It’s whatever works best for you really.
If you look at the back of the box/container which the dry salt mix comes in you will see that it is made up of many things. This is one of the reasons why we change water.
The animals which we keep in the aquarium, especially corals, use some of what is in the

================



======= Instance Index 6 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Rock begins as magma from a volcano
- The magma cools
- Crystals form and the magma become igneous rocks
- The igneous rocks break down into sediment
- Become sedimentary rocks
- If subjected to heat and/or pressure from plate-tectonic activity the sedimentary rocks become metamorphic rock
- The metamorphic rocks melt
- Become magma again.

Question:
suppose sediment becomes a smaller rock happens, how will it affect MORE igneous rock forming.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 59.188396
Retrieved Text: Geology 101 Sedimentary rocks are deposited in layers and are only a small portion of the Earth's crust. Photograph by Pichi, Shutterstock .
Sedimentary rock is one of the three main rock groups (along with igneous and metamorphic rocks) and is formed in three main ways—by the deposition of the weathered remains of other rocks (known as clastic sedimentary rocks); by the deposition of the results of biogenic activity; and by precipitation from solution.
Sedimentary rock is one of three types of rock found on Earth. The others are called igneous and metamorphic. Igneous and metamorphic rocks are the most common rock types in Earth’s crust.
The sediment (the sand, mud and pebbles) that make up Sedimentary rocks come from other rocks that have been worn down by wind, rain and snow.
rock cycle Geologic materials cycle through various forms. Sediments composed of weathered rock lithify to form sedimentary rock, which then becomes metamorphic rock under the pressure of Earth's crust.
Relating to rocks formed when sediment, such as sand or mud, is deposited and becomes tightly compacted. Sandstone, conglomerate, and limestone are examples of sedimentary rocks.
Sedimentary definition, of, relating to, or of the nature of sediment. See more.
Easy Science for Kids All About Sedimentary Rocks. Sedimentary rocks are rocks usually found near bodies of water. Read learn fun kids science facts.
Shale is the most abundant sedimentary rock. It is found in sedimentary basins worldwide.
Intrusive rocks crystallize and harden beneath the Earth's surface in rock formations include plutons, batholiths, dikes, sills, laccoliths, and volcanic necks.
Once the rock has been weakened and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 56.559
Retrieved Text: Rocks are classified in three types based on how they are formed.
The rock cycle explains how the different types of rock form.
The three types of rock at Earth’s mantle melt into magma.
Magma that cools and hardens underground forms intrusive igneous rock.
Weathering breaks the rock into sediment. Erosion causes the sediment to move to other locations.
Pressure squeezes the sediment together, forming sedimentary rock.
Heat and pressure change igneous and sedimentary rock into metamorphic rock.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.486446
Retrieved Text: Describes how one type of rock can change into another type.
Earth has a dynamic system. Lithosphere floats on a molten mantle. Rocks are created and the re-melted in an ongoing process. There's no sample of rock unchanged since the Earth was formed. Molten magma cools and forms igneous rocks. Tectonic processes uplift the rocks exposing them to weathering process. Igneous rocks are broken down into granular material, that are transported and deposited to form sedimentary rocks (tectonic basins). Sediments buried and subjected to heat and pressure create metamorphic rocks. Heated sufficiently to melt forming magma.
WHAT MAGMA IS CALLED ONCE IT REACHES THE EARTH'S SURFACE.
A type of igneous rock that generally contains large crystals and forms when magma cools slowly beneath Earth's surface, Igneous bodies that have crystallized within the crust.
Eruption of magma and ash onto the Earth's surface where they cool to form lava flows and ash deposits., Extrusive Igneous rocks are formed on the surface of earth form lava. They have small or no crystals because they form quickly.
Describes metamorphic rocks that lack distinct layers or bands., Marble & quartzite are what type of metamorphic rock?
Force per surface area where the force is normal to the surface: measured in pascals.
Based on mineral composition and texture. Meta rocks are either foliated or non foliated. Foliated is when the crystals are arranged in bands, and non foliated has grains in random orientations.
sedimentary rock in which older rocks, unless disrupted, are on the bottom, this forms in layers with the oldest layer at the bottom.
Calcite(most common) precipitates out

########
Rank: 3
Score: 53.856236
Retrieved Text: ROCKS AND MINERALS What is in a Rock? Rocks are made up of many tiny pieces of minerals. Even if you smash a rock into a hundred pieces, ALL those would still be all the same mineral. Breaking it into pieces would not change the rock’s makeup. What are Minerals? Minerals are natural, nonliving crystals. They come in many sizes, shapes, and colors which is how scientists tell them apart. Minerals can be identified by their physical properties such as: color, luster, hardness, and streak color. Color is obvious, but what are luster, hardness, and streak color? • Luster refers to the way surface of mineral reflects light. • The hardness of a mineral refers to how easily it can be scratched. • Streak color is a physical property of minerals, which refers to the color streak a mineral leaves when scratched against a surface. Scientists use all these characteristics of minerals to identify them in nature. Lesson Checkpoint: What are rocks made of? Types of Rocks There are several types of rocks, and each is formed in a different way. Sedimentary Rocks How do sedimentary rocks form? Erosion is the process of bits of rocks, sand, soil, and dead matter being moved by the wind, water, and gravity. All the eroded materials that eventually settle on land or at the bottom of a body of water are known as sediment. As layers of sediment pile up, the top layers of sediment press the bottom layers together. The weight and pressure from the top layers cause

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.66182
Retrieved Text: Earth is made up of rocks and minerals.
A rock consists of two or more minerals.
Minerals are made of one or more chemicals.
There are three types of rocks: igneous, sedimentary and matamorphic.
Igneous rocks are formed when volcanoes erupt and liquid rock, called magma, is forced to the surface. When magma cools slowly and hardens inside the Earth’s crust, it forms granite, a very hard rock. Most mountains are made of granite. Other igneous rocks include periodite, obsidian and pumice. Pumice is the only rock that floats.
Sedimentary rocks are formed over millions of years. Mountains are worn down by erosion, and rivers and streams wash bits of rock away. This sediment settles in layers at the bottom. Gradually the weight of the layers and mud in lakes and oceans turns into sedimentary rock.
Fossils are often found in sedimentary rocks. Fossils are animals or plants that have died and been quickly covered by sediments (rock and mud) usually on the bottom of a river or other water body. Sedimentary rocks include sandstone, limestone and shale. Over time lots of plants and animals are caught in the layers of sediment and become part of the rock, forming carbon which eventually turns into coal, natural gas or petroleum. These are called fossil fuels.
Metamorphic rocks are igneous or sedimentary rocks that have been changed by great heat or pressure due to the movement of the Earth’s crust. Marble is one example of sedimentary rock that has been changed into metamorphic rock.
Over time, the Earth changes a rock from one type to another.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 52.960236
Retrieved Text: If you are in the market for natural stone flooring or counters for your home, this brief compilation of stone factoids is going to be very helpful. Just a little knowledge, before you narrow in on what’s right for you, may point you in the right direction. You’ve all studied the types of rock the earth renders, but it could be you haven’t had need for that information in a long time. So here is a brief refresher.
SEDIMENTARY – Igneous rocks make up the majority of the earth’s crust and are covered by a thin veneer of loose sediment. It’s this loose sediment that gets compacted and cemented together to give us sedimentary stone. Travertine and limestone fall into this category. Natural, unfilled travertine has tiny holes throughout the surface, indicative of sedimentary formations. Both travertine and limestone are very porous and will require continuing maintenance to keep them looking their best. Keep in mind, because they are so porous they are prone to staining so may not be the best choice for countertop applications. For floor applications, Torrean travertine is less porous and gives a more uniform surface texture.
METAMORPHIC – The metamorphics get their name from “meta” (change) and “morph” (form). Any rock can become a metamorphic rock. All that is required is for the rock to be moved into an environment in which the minerals which make up the rock become unstable. Extreme temperature and pressure are the catalysts in forming metamorphic rocks and produce stones with exceptional beauty, such as slate, marble and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.604713
Retrieved Text: Classifying Sedimentary Rocks - Flow Chart Summary | Geology .Nov 3, 2014 . bit.ly/1tq6s4I For more FREE video tutorials covering Igneous, Sedimentary and Metamorphic Rocks and Geology In this video we use a flow chart to summ.flow chart for formation of sedimentry rocks for kids,Sedimentary Rocks Anchor Chart Miller's Science Space - Pinterestformation of sedimentary rock and fossil fuels TEKS Ideas to add: a drill for the oil; evidence of past to fossil; the words: layers, vegetation, organisms; definition/description for . MFW K - R is for Rocks - Teach Junkie: Rocks for Kids - 15 Activities and Ideas - Rock Definition Worksheet .. Science process skills anchor charts!
Sedimentary rocks. There are three main types of rock: sedimentary, igneous and metamorphic. Formation of sedimentary rocks. A river carries, or transports, pieces of broken rock as it flows along. When the river reaches a lake or the sea, its load of transported rocks settles to the bottom. We say that the rocks are deposited.
When a volcano erupts, magma flows out of it. (When magma is on the earth's surface, it is called lava.) As the lava cools it hardens and becomes igneous rock. As soon as new igneous rock is formed, the processes of weathering and erosion begin, starting the whole cycle over again! See if you can find sedimentary,.
Types of Rocks - Interesting videos, lessons, quiz games, interactive diagrams, presentations and activities on types of rocks. . Sedimentary rocks are formed by deposition and hardening of clastic sediments, minerals precipitates and organic matter. Metamorphic rock forms

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.298958
Retrieved Text: MINERALS, ROCKS, AND SOILDifferent rock types—igneous, sedimentary, and .. These terms and definitions are available ... Mineralogy4Kids is a website for children. Follow the Rock.definition of sedimentary rock for kids,Geokids Handbook for First Grade Teachers - Stanford Earth5 mini-stations on a table with one sedimentary rock (gritty sandstone), one metamorphic rock . You can begin by asking the kids what are rocks made of. How do . The word "metamorphic" comes from the Greek language, which means "to.Fossils and Rocks - Schoolsmeans, electronic or mechanical including photocopying, recording, or by any .. Some common forms of sedimentary rock are sandstone, .. books for children.
9.3 Sedimentary rocks 283. 9.4 Stability and change: . Attempt to classify them as igneous, sedimentary ... spectacular examples of this is the Grand Canyon in.
Lesson #1 - How Do Rocks and Minerals Influence Our Lives? ... and to determine if local rock is classified as sedimentary, igneous or metamorphic. This will be .. could specify relationship to children's uses or school's uses – all the rocks and minerals visible to the .. Define the difference between a rock and a mineral.
You may want to use sand as an example of sedimentary rocks forming today. Ask students . beach." Children can spend endless hours on the beach, creating.
5 mini-stations on a table with one sedimentary rock (gritty sandstone), one metamorphic rock . You can begin by asking the kids what are rocks made of. How do . The word "metamorphic" comes from the Greek language, which means "to.
means, electronic or mechanical including photocopying,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 51.393276
Retrieved Text: One of the primary effects of plate motion is to put new material from deep in the earth’s mantle onto the surface of the earth, and at the same time, destroy old crust. This creation, modification, and destruction of the surface materials of the earth is called the rock cycle. However, before we begin our discussion of the rock cycle, let’s clarify a very important point: rocks and minerals are not the same thing! A mineral is a naturally occurring, inorganic, solid element or compound, with a definite composition or compositional range and a regular internal crystal structure. A rock is a solid, cohesive aggregate of one or more minerals or mineral materials.
The key difference between a rock and a mineral is the ‘regular internal crystal structure’ of a mineral. For example, Quartz is a mineral (SiO2), while Granite is a rock. If you were to look at a quartz crystal at the molecular level, the entire crystal would be made up of identical building blocks (SiO2 molecules). Granite, on the other hand is not homogenous. Therefore, one chunk of a piece of granite, when viewed at the molecular level would appear very different from another chunk viewed at the molecular level because the first chunk might be a quartz crystal, while the second chunk might be another type of crystal.
Rocks are categorized by how they are formed. Rocks that are formed directly from liquid rock, or magma that wells up from deep in the earth are called igneous rocks. Rocks that form at, or just

########
Rank: 9
Score: 47.722572
Retrieved Text: Explain how igneous rock is formed. Describe the difference between exclusive igneous rock and inclusive igneous rock.
Minerals grains, that grow and rearrange, but don't form layers are what type of rock?
Which set of rocks would most likely be formed from the eruption of material from a fissure vent?
rock is formed from the cooling of lava on Earth's surface.
lower in density than granitic rock.
high in iron and magnesium.
When a volcano erupts, liquid rock called lava flow from the surface. What type of rock is formed from cooled lava?
Melted rock cools and hardens to form .
What type of rock are most fossils found in?
the shells of small sea creatures.
pebbles and other rocks cemented together.
the remains of living things.
crystals left behind when water evaporated.
meteorites that fell to Earth.
melted rock material that cooled and hardened.
layers of sediment that were squeezed together.
This rock is most likely because it is .
Lava that cools quickly forms rocks.
Granite is formed as an igneous rock.
They are formed from sediments that collected in ocean beds.
They are formed from cooled magma or lava.
They are formed over many years of pressure and heat within Earth.
They are the hot lava the moment it is expelled from a volcano.
Igneous rock transforms to sediment by .
Plutons are bodies of rocks that form the ground.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.93514
Retrieved Text: The worksheets found on this page help students learn how to identify rocks and minerals. We also look at the rock cycle.
We often forget the importance of rocks and minerals in our daily lives. Rocks form in nature and they are created three different ways. Igneous rock is formed when the Earth’s molten layers (magma) cools and forms a hard rock. Sedimentary rock takes time to form. As the layers of the Earth settle and form sediment, the rock layer forms. Metamorphic rock starts out as one of the other two and undergoes a great deal of heat and pressure. Whenever tectonic plates collide, you will find a bunch of metamorphic rock in its path.
You will find worksheets that teach you how to create crystals, classify rocks, label soil layers, and identify the rock cycle.
Crystals are beautiful and people have long been fascinated by their wide variety of shapes. In this exercise, you will make your own crystal shapes.
One of the most important properties used to identify and classify a mineral is its hardness. The Mohs hardness scale measures a mineral's hardness using a simple scratch test to see what the mineral can scratch and be scratched by.
Minerals can be identified by carefully observing their physical characteristics.
There are three main types of rocks; igneous rock, metamorphic rock, and sedimentary rock. Use these three terms to answer the questions on this page.
Describes brightness of the light reflected from a mineral's surface.
Rocks can change from one type of rock into another due to heat, pressure, and weathering.
Soil and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.67853
Retrieved Text: In what great State did Mrs. Scheffer grow up in?
How many children does Mrs. Scheffer have?
Where did Mrs. Scheffer receive an athletic scholarship to swim?
What is University of Toledo? Go Rockets!
If Mrs. Scheffer was not a teacher, name one of the two jobs she would like to do.
What is physical therapy or a mascot for a professional team!
Name 1 of the many vacation spots that Mrs. Scheffer would like to visit soon!
What is Hawaii, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Grand Canyon or Las Vegas!
Name two things that make up soil.
What are two differences between the different sediments that we studied?
What is size, color, texture, or permeability?
Rocks are made up of 1 or more____________.
This is what you call it when rocks break down into sediments.
How would an igneous rock turn into a sedimentary rock?
What is it would have to be weathered, and deposited into layers? Time and pressure would turn the sediments into a sedimentary rock.
T of F All Soil is the same.
Which is more permeable? clay or sand?
What are the 3 categories of rocks?
What is sedimentary, metamorphic, and igneous?
Oxidation is this type of weathering.
If Heat and Pressure is added to a sedimentary rock, what type does it become?
Decaying Material with all the Good Nutrients!
Which sediment would be the best on the bottom of a pond, why?
What is clay because it does not allow water to permeate through it as easily?
Which type of rocks tends to have the most layers?
What is sedimentary? Fossils too!
This is what happens when sediments are moved from place to place.
When sediments or rocks

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.04019
Retrieved Text: || Description: Our accordion-style rock books are both an assessment tool and reinforce what students have learned about the rock cycle. Students fill the pages with illustrations of the formation of igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks. On each page they paste a paragraph explaining the rock’s formation – but it’s the illustrations of volcanoes, oceans, and mountains that tell the real story. The book is completed with a sleek cover (pictured above), and then becomes a permanent reference that the student can use all year long – and beyond!
See our page on bookmaking for more book ideas.
|| Prerequisites: Students should be learning about the rock cycle, and preferably have covered the forming of igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rock.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.553635
Retrieved Text: There are three main classes of rocks: igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary. The following is some general information about the different classes of rocks, including their texture, composition, and origin.
Igneous rocks are minerals that have solidified (crystallized) from molten or partly molten material (lava or magma). These rocks are mostly silicate in composition and are formed deep in the Earth. Intrusive igneous rocks are formed by the process of emplacement of magma in pre-existing rock. Extrusive igneous rocks are rocks that have been erupted onto the surface of the earth. They include lava flows and pyroclastic material such as volcanic ash. The eight igneous rock-forming minerals make up over 90% of the earth's crust. Igneous rocks are classified according to texture (size and shape of mineral grains) and composition which leads to an understanding of the environment of formation (genesis).
Bowen's Reaction Series is one of the most powerful models we have for understanding igneous rocks. It can be used to help describe igneous rocks and is an extremely powerful tool for interpreting their origin.
Sedimentary rocks which cover over two-thirds of the Earth's surface, are produced by the transformation of pre-existing rocks by gravity, atmospheric agencies, and living organisms. They are the result of the consolidation of sediments, loose material derived from the mechanical accumulation of fine and coarse fragments of rock (clastic sediments) or from precipitation from solution, with or without intervention by living organisms (organogenetic and chemical deposits).
Of the eight rock-forming minerals in Bowen's Reaction Series, only quartz does not weather. It is released from the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.459835
Retrieved Text: A rock is a naturally occurring solid composed of one or more minerals. Considering that rocks comprise much of the Earth’s environment and the lithosphere (outermost shell of the planet), in a geological sense this is a critical area of study. However, in a less scientific context, rocks have been utilized by civilization throughout time and continue to be used today. For example, some uses (past and present) for rocks include tools, construction materials and in power plants to make electricity (coal).
1. Igneous Rocks: Igneous rocks, which can be further subdivided into plutonic and volcanic rocks, are rocks formed from the cooling and solidification of magma and lava. Plutonic rocks are formed within the Earth’s crust when magma cools and crystalizes. Conversely, volcanic rocks are formed when lava reaches the Earth’s surface.
2. Sedimentary Rocks: Sedimentary rocks are formed over extremely long periods of time by the sedimentation of particles which get blown or washed away to the bottom of water bodies. Sedimentary rock can be formed near the Earth’s surface as well when loose particles get pressed down into layers eventually forming rocks.
3. Metamorphic Rocks: Metamorphic rocks are formed when the forces of pressure and temperature transform the original form of a rock. Any type of rock, igneous, sedimentary or an already metamorphic rock, can have their physical and chemical properties transformed.
Big Bang Theory and the evidence supporting it? Also list reference for further research.
The James Webb Space Telescope is set to launch in the near future. Discuss the advantages that this telescope has over the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.287586
Retrieved Text: Rocks are composed of minerals, which are natural inorganic (nonliving) substances with specific chemical compositions and structures. A rock may consist of many crystals of one mineral or combinations of many minerals. Hundreds of different kinds of minerals make up hundreds of different kinds of rocks. Geologists, scientists who study Earth and rocks, divide rocks into three main groups: igneous rocks, sedimentary rocks, and metamorphic rocks. These distinctions are made on the basis of the types of minerals in the rock, the shapes of individual mineral grains, and the overall texture of the rock. All of these properties indicate the environment, pressure, and temperature in which the rock formed.
The first rocks on Earth were igneous rocks. Igneous rocks are formed by the cooling and hardening of molten material called magma. The word igneous comes from the Latin word ignis, meaning "fire." There are two types of igneous rocks: intrusive and extrusive. Intrusive igneous rocks form within Earth's crust: the molten material rises, filling any available crevices in the crust, and eventually hardens. These rocks are not visible until Earth above them has eroded away. A good example of intrusive igneous rock is granite. Extrusive igneous rocks form when the magma pours out onto Earth's surface or erupts at Earth's surface from a volcano. Once on the surface (where it is called lava), it begins to cool and the minerals in the rock crystallize or grow together so that the individual crystals lock together. Extrusive rocks are also called volcanic rocks. Basalt, formed from hardened lava, is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.15028
Retrieved Text: Sand is a rock. Actually, sand is classified as sediment. Rocks are weathered down to tiny little particles, so sand is a teeny weeny rock. And remember Don't think that just because you find sand is tiny little grains that it's a mineral.
rocks and minerals. com has been providing high quality natural rock, mineral and fossil products to our customers since 1995. We are staffed by professional geologists who are available to answer your questions and help you develop the curriculum materials for your classroom projects or for other earth science purposes.
Rock, solid inorganic material that is usually made up of two or more minerals and can be metamorphic, sedimentary, or igneous. Down Mineral, solid material with atoms arranged in a repeated pattern.
Another type of metamorphic rock is gneiss, which often begins as the igneous rock granite. Why are rocks and minerals important? For millions of years, rocks and minerals have been very useful to humans. Throughout history, rocks like jade were used to make tools and weapons like knives, hammers, axes, and hooks for catching fish.
Rocks Rocks are a composed of one or more minerals. A rock can be made up of only one mineral or, as shown in the figure, a rock can be made up of a number of different minerals. So, rocks are composed of one or more minerals and minerals are composed of one or more elements.
Nov 18, 20110183;32;Rocks for Kids Identifying Minerals Explains the difference between rocks and minerals and the properties of minerals. The site also includes a list

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.821392
Retrieved Text: GCSE Geography Revision - Made Easy!
All you need to know about Igneous, Metamorphic and Sedimentary Rocks!
Our planet's surface is sculpted by rocks. The rocks you see today have all actually come from the Earth's interior. They are classified into 3 groups based on their shared characteristics: Igneous, Metamorphic, and Sedimentary. Each have very specific characteristics and were formed in very different ways.
Igneous - These rocks were all formed by magma, from the planet's molten interior. When magma erupts it finds a way up through the Earth's crust and surface, and when it reaches it, it cools to form volcanic landforms. Magma can however, cool inside the earth - these are called intrusive rocks. These may take thousands of years to show, but erosion and weathering may expose them at some point. Examples of igneous rock include granite and basalt.
Metamorphic - These rocks were originally one of the other two types of rock. However they have become classified as metamorphic because they have been subjected to such intense heat and pressure that they have transformed into a different type of rock altogether. For example, slate was originally clay, and marble was originally limestone, however both were transformed from intense heat and pressure. Becuase of the pressure and heat the rocks have been created by, it means metamorphic rocks are extremely hard, and are relatively unaffected by weathering and erosion.
Sedimentary - These rocks have been formed from sediment material that has settled underneath a large body of water. The sediment is made from other eroded rocks or remnants

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.7766
Retrieved Text: Rock melts in a variety of geologic settings in the crust and upper mantle of the Earth depending on the temperature and pressure conditions and on the composition and water content of the rock, but lava represents only a tiny proportion of the magma that forms within the Earth.
The type of igneous rock is also dependent on its composition (the elements that are present). ... most igneous rocks are one of three basic compositions: Felsic igneous rocks contain relatively high amounts of silicon, sodium, aluminum, potassium (Si, Na, Al, and K) and relatively low amounts of iron, magnesium, and calcium (Fe, Mg, Ca).
Chapter 4 Rocks and Minerals. Chapter 4 focuses on Rocks and Minerals, looking at types of rocks. ... Magnetite is a mineral that has a very high iron content. Magnetite has a black or brownish-red color and a black streak. ... A concordant igneous rock body runs parallel to the pre-existing bedrock.
In a simplified classification, igneous rock types are separated on the basis of the type of feldspar present, the presence or absence of quartz, and in rocks with no feldspar or quartz, the type of iron or magnesium minerals present.
Lab Procedures. In this lab you will identify the minerals in each rock, determine the igneous composition of the rock, name its texture, take a photograph of it and interpret its origin. To understand and identify igneous rocks, you cannot be shy about addressing the rocks.
An igneous rock that contains vesicles _____. a. is also extrusive ... c. iron oxide . d. clay .

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.607525
Retrieved Text: Metamorphic rocks for kids brings to you some of the interesting facts about these rocks. To begin with, the word ‘Metamorphism’ comes from joining two Greek words i.e., meta meaning ‘change’ and morpho refers to ‘shape’. It means metamorphism means ‘to change shape’. Metamorphism is a process in which high temperature and pressure changes the mineral content of rocks through metamorphic reactions such that the parent (original) rock bears no resemblance at all with the newly transformed rock. Thus, not only chemical composition of rocks is changed but texture as well. This process only takes place in solid rocks.
Metamorphic rocks are derived from igneous and sedimentary rocks. As soon as rock experiences a change in its physical and chemical conditions, it undergoes metamorphism. During chemical reactions, minerals inside the rock are changed so much that the entire texture of the rock alters with it. The higher the temperature, the faster will be the changes caused by metamorphic reactions.
The interior of the earth gets hotter as depth increases. Metamorphism can take place even at a temperature as low as 50oC (temperature of hot cup of coffee). However in such a case, metamorphic reactions require millions and millions of years to occur. The maximum temperature at which metamorphism can take place varies but it generally lies somewhere between 600oC – 1200oC. Now let’s discover more in metamorphic rocks for kids!
The intensity of metamorphism is called metamorphic grade. In other words, metamorphic grades tell us how much a rock is changed with respect to changes caused by metamorphism. The

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.312664
Retrieved Text: – You have made a sedimentary rock! You have layers as a result of different types of sediment settling at different times. Epsom salt is made from the dissolved minerals of magnesium and sulfur. This is the "glue" that holds the homemade rock together.
Sedimentary rocks are formed in three ways from these different sized sediments. A sedimentary rock is a layered rock that is formed from the compaction, cementation, and the recrystallization of sediments. Compaction is the squeezing together of layers of sediment due to the great weight of overlying layers of rock.
Sedimentary rocks often have distinctive layering or bedding. Many of the picturesque views of the desert southwest show mesas and arches made of layered sedimentary rock. Clastic sedimentary rock Clastic sedimentary rocks are the group of rocks most people think of when they think of sedimentary rocks.
Like other rocktypes, sedimentary rocks are composed of a variety of minerals. There are two broad groups of sedimentary rocks, clastic (or detrital) sediments which accumulate from fragments of preexisting rocks and minerals, and chemical sediments or precipitates.
Organic Sedimentary Rocks The sediment in an organic sedimentary rock is made of fossils ! The hard parts of animals, such as bones and shells, can become cemented together over time to make rock.
The Meteora is a sedimentary rock formation, composed of sandstone and pebbles. The sedimentary rock was formed 60 million years ago when Earth's movements pushed the seabed upwards. It is loed at 350 km from Athens, Greece.
The name of a sedimentary rock depends on the size (and sometimes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.145325
Retrieved Text: Coarse-grained igneous rocks that cool SLOWLY DEEP in the Earth.
Molten rock INSIDE the earth.
Molten rock ON Earth's surface.
Extrusive igneous rock that cools SO FAST that NO crystals are formed. It looks like "black glass".
Extrusive igneous rock with holes due to escaping gas.
When a mineral changes from a solid to a liquid at a particular temperature. .
When the liquid rocks/minerals are able to cool off and turn into solid rocks. This is a process in the formation of Igneous Rocks.
Small pieces of rock or shells produced by weathering.
Rocks made of sediments cemented together. Usually formed under water. Examples are sandstone (medium-grain) and conglomerate (coarse).
Made from remains of once living things. Examples: limestone made from shells, coal from swamp plants, etc.
Formed from the evaporation of water that leaves minerals behind. Occurs along the coasts of oceans and large salt lakes.
When land is pushed to a higher elevation due to natural processes such as mountain building & plate tectonics. This brings deep rocks to surface where they can be weathered.
Breaking down and loosening of materials on Earth's crust (rocks) by processes, such as dissolving due acid rain, rusting/oxidation, etc.
Breaking down and loosening of materials on Earth's crust (rocks) by forces, such as waves, ice wedging, freeze-thaw, etc.
Movement and removal of surface materials to a new location. Movement may be caused by wind, moving water, gravity (landslide), etc.
"Laying down" or "settling out" of sediments after being moved by erosion. Usually happens at the bottom of a body of water.
When sediments become covered beneath layers of other sediments.
Process that transforms sediments

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.82909
Retrieved Text: Granite is an igneous rock that forms when magma cools slowly beneath the earth’s surface, forming large, easily visible crystals of quartz, feldspar, and mica. Scientifically, an intrusive(plutonic) igneous rock must contain between 10% and 50% quartz to be classified as granite, but other similar stones such as gabbro, diabase, anorthosite, sodalite, gneiss, and basalt are sometimes sold as “granite” commercially.
Marble is a metamorphic stone formed when limestone is subjected to intense heat, pressure and chemical solutions, causing the stone to reform into an interlocking structure of calcite, aragonite, and sometimes dolomite crystals. Marble formed from very pure limestone is white, but the presence of other minerals, as well as clay, silt and sand, can give it richly varied coloration.
Limestone is a sedimentary rock composed of calcium carbonate, plus calcium and/or magnesium. It is formed when layers of minerals (particularly calcite), fine sediment, and the skeletons and shells of marine organisms undergo lithification. Terrestrially-formed limestone is known as travertine.
Stone slabs are typically selected at local distributors once you go beyond the basic stone colors. The basic stones are consistent enough in color to be selected from a small sample. Most all other colors should be viewed in there slab form before making you final color selections. We have listed the links for several local stone suppliers for you to be able to browse some of thier inventories online. It is still recommended that you view the actual slab prior to our fabricators building your countertop.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.437923
Retrieved Text: 2. Minerals – an Introduction 14 2.1 Definition of a mineral 14 2.1.1 Polymorphs 15 2.2 Properties of minerals 15 2.2.1 Crystal form, growth habit and twinning 16 2.2.2 Cleavage and fracture 18 2.2.3 Lustre 18 2.2.4 Colour 18 2.2.5 Streak 19 2.2.6 Hardness 19 2.2.7 Tenacity 20 2.2.8 Density 20 2.2.9 Other properties 20 what‘s missing in this equation?
Are you about to graduate as an engineer or geoscientist? Or have you already graduated? If so, there may be an exciting future for you with A.P. Moller - Maersk.
It all starts at Boot Camp. It’s 48 hours that will stimulate your mind and enhance your career prospects. You’l spend time with other students, top Accenture Consultants and special guests. An inspirational two days packed with intellectual challenges and activities designed to let you discover what it really means to be a high performer in business. We can’t tell you everything about Boot Camp, but expect a fast-paced, exhilarating and intense learning experience. It could be your toughest test yet, which is exactly what will make it your biggest opportunity.
Find out more and apply online.
Choose Accenture for a career where the variety of opportunities and challenges allows you to make a difference every day. A place where you can develop your potential and grow professionally, working alongside talented colleagues. The only place where you can learn from our unrivalled experience, while helping our global clients achieve high performance. If this is your idea of a typical working day, then Accenture is the place to be.
Turning a challenge

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.400253
Retrieved Text: Amber: A fossil created from tree resin. Yellow or brown in color and transparent, sometimes containing ancient trapped insects.
Appalachian Plateau province: The geologic region of far western Virginia containing most of the state’s coal and natural gas. Made of mostly flat layers of sedimentary rocks with deep canyons, such as the one found in the Breaks Interstate Park measuring more than 5 miles long and 1600 feet deep.
Basalt: A dark, very fine-grained igneous rock formed by cooling lava. Basalt is generally found in the Blue Ridge province of Virginia. Small pieces of basalt called cinders can be spread on icy roads to increase traction in the winter.
Bedrock: The solid rock below the soil, gravel, or other material at the Earth’s surface.
Blue Ridge province: The long mountain chain that is a part of the Appalachian Mountains in western Virginia. Made of folded and faulted igneous and metamorphic rocks. Mount Rogers, the highest point in the state, is found in this region.
Clay: An earthy, mud-like sediment composed of very fine particles of minerals. Pliable when moist, but becomes hard when dry or fired. Commonly used to make brick, tile, and pottery. Generally found in the Piedmont and Coastal Plain provinces of Virginia.
Cleavage: The tendency of a mineral to break along defined planes determined by the mineral’s crystal structure. Also, the tendency of a rock to break along parallel, closely-spaced planes.
Coal: A black, combustible rock made of carbon. Formed after decomposed plant matter is subjected to extreme, prolonged pressure without access to air. Commonly used as a heating fuel.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.66694
Retrieved Text: To determine the ages of these specimens, scientists need an isotope with a very long half-life. Scientists have also made improvements to the standard radiometric measurements.
Radiometric dating determines how long ago the liquid rock solidified into solid rock. Learn More About Radiometric Dating!
But carbon dating won't work on dinosaur bones. Fossils can't form in the igneous rock that usually does contain the isotopes. You can learn more about fossils, dinosaurs, radiometric dating and related topics by reading through the links below. Other Dating Methods Radiometric dating isn't the only method of determining the age of rocks. The assumptions which underlie radiometric dating are covered in our radiometric dating article published here.
So to determine the age of sedimentary rock layers, researchers first have to find neighboring layers of Earth that include igneous rock, such as volcanic ash. Can we date sedimentary rocks using radiometric dating techniques?
How can sedimentary rocks be dated?
Some of the isotopes used for this purpose are uranium, uranium and potassium, each of which has a half-life of more than a million years.
Using the basic ideas of bracketing and radiometric dating, researchers have determined the age of rock layers all over the world. Other techniques include analyzing amino acids and measuring changes in an object's magnetic field. Each of them typically exists in igneous rock, or rock made from cooled magma. Since the moon and the Earth probably formed at the same time, this supports the current idea of the Earth's age.
In addition, the redeposition process upsets the conditions necessary to achieve accurate results through

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.518936
Retrieved Text: The type of metamorphism this rock undergoes occurs due to the pressure and heat from the movement of one tectonic plate against another.
Which rock below exhibits the highest grade metamorphism?
when heat and pressure inside the earth change one kind of rock into another kind of rock.
when the earth comes to the surface, cools, and hardens.
when particles of matter are laid down in many layers and pressed together.
Metamorphic rocks are classified by .
Give an example of a metamorphic rock.
What are the three types of metamorphism?
Metamorphic rock transforms to sediment by .
Which is a nonfoliated metamorphic rock?
A is a rock changed by heat and pressure.
Metamorphic rock transforms to igneous rock by .
Igneous rock transforms to metamorphic rock by .
Which of the following is NOT an example of a metamorphic rock?
Which is a type of foliated metamorphic rock?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.514606
Retrieved Text: Learn about what materials make up sediment and how it travels. Explore sediment deposits from deltas to sand dunes, and learn how sedimentary rock is created.
As any beaver can tell you, dams are rather clever. We build dams across rivers to create reservoirs, which hold water for household and agricultural use. These give us access to water when we need it, and some bigger dams harness the power of water to create electricity.
But what happens when dams are no longer useful? What happens when we remove a large, man-made dam? We often think about the consequences of building dams, but not what happens when you take them away.
The Elwha River in Washington state was a valuable resource for the Native Americans who lived near it for generations, and 87% of it is now a protected part of the Olympic National Park. The Elwha Dam, built in 1913, and the Glines Canyon Dam, built in 1927, were constructed at the beginning of the 20th century to provide power for the growing region.
Over time, both power plants grew increasingly obsolete, and scientists learned more about how the dams negatively impacted the salmon population, who were kept from swimming upstream. In 2011, crews working on behalf of the National Park Service began to remove the Elwha Dam, and in summer 2013, removal of the two dams will be complete.
Part of the Elwha Dam was removed so water could flow freely again after 100 years. Eventually, the entire dam will be taken away and only the river will remain.
One thing

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.266045
Retrieved Text: The first of three eras of the Phanerozoic Eon, lasting from about 570 to 240 million years ago.
A tract of land or real property owned by individuals, a group of people, organizations, the government, etc.
A general term for a small, rounded, water-worn stone; specifically, a rock fragment larger than sand and smaller than a cobble, having a diameter in the range of 0.16 inches to 2.5 inches (4 millimeters to 64 millimeters).
An ultramafic, intrusive, igneous rock composed primarily of olivine and pyroxene.
A geologic time unit intermediate in rank between an Era and an Epoch, e.g. Ordovician Period.
How quickly water moves through soil and the ability of water to be held for plant use.
Subsurface water in the voids of rock, sediment, or soil.
The amount of empty space between soil particles.
That eon of geologic time represented by rocks in which there is little evidence of life (fossils), comprising three eras: Early, Middle, Late – from about 2,500 million to 570 million years ago.
A group of dark silicate minerals with varying amounts of Ca, Fe, Na, and Mg, typically found in mafic and ultramafic rocks.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.12421
Retrieved Text: Igneous Rock - Middle School Science Rocks!
Scientists tell us that the Earth began as a huge ball of molten material. As it cooled it solidified. The first that formed was Igneous Rock -- meaning formed from fire. It took a long time for the molten material to cool. As it was cooling, it was still hot enough for atoms to move around. These atoms combined with other atoms forming compounds. These compounds formed minerals.
A rock is an Aggregate (mixture) of minerals.
The Sedimentary rock is baked and forms Metamorphic rock. If there is too much heat the rock melts into magma. It will cool and form Igneous rock again.
Crystallization-- cooling; sometimes under pressure.
We end up with what we started with. We have gone around in a circle. This called the Rock Cycle.
In this lesson we will only talk about Igneous Rock.
Igneous rock comes from two sources --- Magma and Lava. Both are liquid rocks.
Magma: liquid rock containing many dissolved gases (found inside the earth).
The magma rises up from the mantle region of the earth; the temperature there is 1400ºC.
Radioactive rocks are present at the crust-mantle boundary. The radioactivity gives enough heat to melt the rock.
Magma moves upward along cracks in the crust. If it overflows onto the earths surface, it is called lava.
The magma cools slowly. The atoms come together to form compounds and minerals. A combination of minerals gives rise to different Igneous rocks.
When the magma reaches the Earth's surface as Lava, it cools fast. The atoms don't have the time to move around forming various

================



======= Instance Index 7 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The flu virus has receptors, which are like viral Velcro, on the surface of the virus particle
- The receptors will lock onto a target cell using these chemical receptors on the surface, which docks onto the cell surface
- The receptors  then go into the cell
- The receptors use it like a factory
- The receptors take it over and make it produce thousands or in some cases millions of copies of new viruses
- The copies come streaming out of the cell
- The copies infect other cells to make more viruses, or they escape from the body and infect a new victim
- 

Question:
suppose not eating right weakens the immune system happens, how will it affect more copies infect other cells.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 48.67425
Retrieved Text: The immune system is the body's defense force. It protects the body against infection and disease. HIV is a virus that attacks and weakens the immune system. When the immune system is weakened, the body can't fight infections and diseases, such as TB.
HIV weakens the immune system by hijacking the immune system's CD4 cells. HIV turns these cells into factories to make more copies of HIV. In the process of making more HIV, the CD4 cells are destroyed. This means that as more and more HIV is made, more and more CD4 cells are destroyed. This is why when someone has HIV, and they are not taking ARVS, the amount of HIV in their blood and body goes up (their viral load) as their CD4 count drops.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 43.426025
Retrieved Text: Treatment of Allergy Without Drugs: Is It Possible?
« Live and inactivated vaccines: what is the difference, which one is better?
March 1 is not only the beginning of spring, but also World Immunity Day. This day was chosen by the world community not by chance: after all, with the onset of spring, the functions of a weakened immune system are not working at full capacity. Understanding what the immune system is, how it works, why it is for a person, we will be more motivated to strengthen the immune system.
The immune system consists of several human organs, tissues and cells, the mutual functioning of which protects the body from various infections (viruses, bacteria, fungi) and other foreign substances. When the immune system weakens, the probability of getting sick increases. A person becomes more vulnerable both to the bacteria that we “catch” in the external environment, and to our own. Indeed, within our body is also pathogenic microflora. Failure of the immune system can lead to the development of autoimmune diseases: then the body does not recognize its own healthy cells and begins to destroy them.
The key place in the immune system is leukocytes – white blood cells. They are in contact with foreign bodies that have entered the body, and are involved in the formation of antibodies to fight infection.
If you experience frequent colds, constant fatigue is felt, muscles and joints ache, sleep is disturbed, headaches and allergic skin rashes occur, then the immune system signals malfunctions. A long-term catarrhal disease is already a consequence of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.7525
Retrieved Text: The immune system is one of the most vital defense mechanism of the human body. It helps the body to fight with various microorganisms that cause infections, illnesses, and diseases. A weakened immune system is prone to serious health conditions, such as cold, flu and staph infection. This is because the body fails to handle the germs and bacteria that comes into contact. So, it is imperative to maintain the strong immune system by keeping away unhealthy practices and preferring diet choices.
Smoking is one of the most prominent factors that weakens the immune system and increases the chances of lung cancer. In cigarette, there are thousands of toxins that affect the system by impairing the functioning and damaging the linings of mouth and nose. For this reason, smokers are more prone to severe respiratory conditions such as bronchitis, asthma, and pneumonia. If you are in plan to strengthen your immune system, quit smoking immediately.
Sleep is the perfect time for your body to get recharge and restore its functioning. If you are not getting a good night sleep it affects your body functionality. Limiting the sleeping hours on constant basis weakens the immune system and increases the chances of chronic health issues such as obesity, diabetes, heart diseases, hypertension, and stroke. Many studies revealed that 7-8 hours of uninterrupted sleep helps the body to fight with harmful germs and bacteria keeping immune power on track.
Excessive alcohol consumption damages your immune system as it badly affects your body antibody cells. Antibodies are the cells that fight with virus-infected

########
Rank: 3
Score: 41.290676
Retrieved Text: Selenium. Selenium can also build up your white blood cells and can be found in cod, beef, tuna, salmon and chicken. Also at the top of the list are Brazil nuts, along with Pinto beans.... I have had the same problem and it seems just a matter of waiting. I moved from 3 to 4 between the 3rd week and the 4th week so the body is capable of repairing itself in a week.
The immune system also maintains a variety of white blood cells: Natural killer cells eradicate cancer cells and large white blood cells called macrophages gobble up diseased or damaged cells. In addition, specialized immune compounds, such as interferon, stimulate white blood cells to destroy cancerous cells.... Red blood cells carry oxygen to the cells in the body and pick up carbon dioxide. A low red blood cell count can be the result of blood loss, the destruction of the red blood cells, or an inadequate production of new red blood cells.
In fact, it can produce significant increases in hemoglobin, red blood cell, total white blood cell and differential white blood cell counts. This happens because wheatgrass is high in chlorophyll with a molecular structure almost identical to the hemoglobin molecule in human blood. how to build a baby changing table Eating certain foods can benefit the increase of white blood cells, but it is also important to consider other recommendations: Eating a healthy diet will be important to ensure an efficient immune system.
A healthy diet, is essential to increase the count of white

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.433884
Retrieved Text: Asymptomatic HIV infection is a phase of HIV/AIDS during which there are no symptoms of HIV infection.
During this phase, the immune system in someone with HIV slowly weakens, but the person has no symptoms. How long this phase lasts depends on how quickly the HIV virus copies itself, and how the person's genes affect the way the body handles the virus.
Some people can go 10 years or longer without symptoms. Others may have symptoms and worsening immune function within a few years after the original infection.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 40.224884
Retrieved Text: Lymphatic System Questions including "Can wisdom teeth cause enlarged lymph nodes or an enlarged spleen"
This category is for questions about the various vessels by which lymph, a watery fluid of leukocytes, circulates through the body, providing transportation for some materials and removing particulate from tissues.
Where are the supratrochlear lymph nodes located?
What is the fluid and particles absorbed into lymph capillaries?
The vast majority of the bodys lymph is drained by the?
Does lymph fluid contain erythrocytes?
Your lymph nodes in your groin under your arms and in your neck and back of neck are all enlarged not enormous but swollen a bit you have had a cbc that came back normal Is HIV the only other thing?
Composition and functions of lymph?
Does cold effect lymph flow?
What is the function of the lymphatics system?
What are monocytes and lymphocytes?
Why doesn't your immune system attack your own cells?
They have the same genetic structure as the rest of your body, it will only target foreign cells.
What does the immune system normally do?
How does the HIV virus damages the immune system?
What type of leukocyte would increase rapidly during allergy attacks?
How lymphatic organs fight infection?
Large phagocytic white cells that spend most of their time outside the blood as fixed and free phagocytic cells?
Does HIV weakin the immune system right away?
What are the after Effects of dengue followed by swine flu on immune system?
What body system includes lymph nodes?
They are included in two human body systems: The Lymphatic System and the Immune System.
What disease in horses cause swelling of the lymph nodes and nasal discharge?
Does alcohol lower

########
Rank: 6
Score: 40.012253
Retrieved Text: Malaria is caused by mosquito-borne parasites of the genus Plasmodium, which affects over 216 million people worldwide. It is still a huge problem in developing countries because there is no good vaccine for malaria, and antimalarial drugs are losing their efficacy with drug resistance on the rise, especially in Africa and South-east Asia. In 2017 alone, there were 445,000 malaria deaths globally.
The body’s first line of defense against malaria is the innate immune system, and one of the earliest cells to respond and kill the parasites are the natural killer (NK) cells. The outcome of this early response can determine whether severe malaria will occur. Interestingly, the response of NK cells towards malaria parasite is not the same in everyone — NK cells from some individuals kill more parasites (responsive), while those from others kill less (non-responsive) — and no one knows why this happens. When we compare the NK cells from malaria patients with severe disease against those with mild disease, we observe that NK cells from patients with severe disease were less responsive than NK cells from patients with mild disease. This spurred us to ask why NK cells from different individuals respond to malaria differently.
By comparing responsive and non-responsive NK cells, we found that when exposed to malaria parasites, responsive NK cells have a higher expression of a molecule, MDA5, compared to non-responsive NK cells. MDA5 is a receptor that detects foreign nucleic acid, and in response to it, MDA5 activates NK cells. MDA5 is classically associated with viral infections — when a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 39.727386
Retrieved Text: 10 EASY WAYS TO BOOST YOUR IMMUNE SYSTEM!
The immune system is the body’s ultimate disease-fighting defense system, which protects your body against harmful invaders such as bacteria, parasites, fungi, and viruses. Without an immune system, even brushing your teeth could introduce enough bacteria into the bloodstream to kill you! The immune system is, therefore, absolutely key to our survival and keeps us strong and healthy as we float through a sea of pathogens.
The vast network of cells, tissues, and organs that make up the immune system work together to protect the body by keeping an eye out for infecting invaders. When an enemy is spotted, the immune response works to destroy the invading pathogens by calling on its soldiers, the phagocytes (eating-cells), which literally engulf and digest foreign substances. The ability to distinguish what is ‘foreign’ and what is ‘self’ is crucial to the functioning of the immune system. If the immune system fails to recognize this distinction it will begin to destroy its own healthy tissue, which can be fatal.
Sun exposure helps the body to produce vitamin D, which not only plays an important role in bone growth and helping the body to absorb calcium but it can also help modulate adaptive immune responses. Deficiency in vitamin D is usually associated with autoimmune diseases and increases the likelihood of infection. Sunlight helps to boost the activity of T lymphocytes (T cells), which are the ‘helpers’ of the immune system and arguably the most important because of their ability to activate and adapt immune responses so

########
Rank: 8
Score: 39.449703
Retrieved Text: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a condition that deprives a person of sleep because of airway obstruction. Apnea literally means that a person stops breathing. During episodes of sleep apnea, a person can stop breathing for up to 60 seconds. An episode of apnea will end when the brain sends signals to wake the body slightly so that regular breathing resumes. The cycle of sleep apnea followed by wakefulness impairs a person’s ability to progress through each phase of sleep, including REM cycles. Not only does sleep apnea cause sleep deprivation, it can affect general well-being and oral health. Sometimes, patients with OSA will develop common oral conditions like periodontal disease.
Periodontal disease involves a chronic infection of gingival tissue due to tartar accumulation and inflamed gums. Advanced periodontal disease is the most common cause of adult tooth loss and it can have implications for one’s total wellness. Since periodontal disease involves a severe infection, immune system impairment can make fighting and healing from this condition more difficult. Studies have shown that sleep deprivation weakens the immune system and slows down tissue rejuvenation. Since sleep deprivation contributes to immune system suppression, it can negatively affect gingival health.
A common side effect of sleep apnea is waking with dry mouth. Soft oral tissues should stay moist. When the gums are dry, they are prone to becoming irritated and inflamed. If the gums are irritated and inflamed, bacteria can easily infect them. Without treatment and thorough oral hygiene, periodontal disease can wreck the entire oral health system.
Both untreated sleep apnea

########
Rank: 9
Score: 39.354206
Retrieved Text: Viruses can cause epidemics (infection of a population) such as seasonal influenza, or pandemics (infection spread across continents or even global) such as 1918 Spanish flu.
There continues to be discussion as to whether viruses are a form of life, protolife or just a parasitic organic structure. They share some characteristics of life forms – they possess genes, evolve and reproduce. Yet viruses do not possess many of the basic characteristics of living organisms, they do not possess their own cell structure or metabolism and cannot reproduce outside a host cell. The virus method of reproduction, spontaneous self-assembly, has more in common with crystal growth than with the cell division seen in living organisms.
Viruses must infect a host cell, because they rely on commandeering the cellular machinery of the host cell to synthesise proteins, grow and replicate.
Attachment - binding to the host cell wall.
Penetration - entering the host cell.
Uncoating - degrading the virus protective coating to allow the release of the viral nucleic acid.
Replication - using the host cells mechanism to synthesise proteins and reproduce.
Assembly - producing multiple copies of itself.
Release - the virus uses a process called lysis to burst open the host cell wall, this kills the cell and releases the multiple copies of the virus.
The immune system of the host defends against virus attack, both in a general way through the innate immune systems – such as physical barriers, mucus, biochemicals, inflammation and fever responses. The host body also uses adaptive immunity, where antibodies and T cells identify specific viral fragments, then locate and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 39.313416
Retrieved Text: HIV is one of the most deadly viruses that can infect anyone. It attacks and weakens the immune system. Please check this out to find out more about it.
To know more about it, please click here .
Posted in All Posts, health, Training & Development.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 39.29727
Retrieved Text: Note: Price of COA FS is $50 per bottle when buying from outside Ghana. Buying locally in Ghana is GHS 100.
What do you know about COA FS?
The Immune System is a collection of structures and processes within the human body that protect the body against diseases or other potentially damaging foreign materials. When the immune system is functioning properly it identifies a variety of disease-causing treats, including virus, bacteria, moulds and other parasites, and distinguishes them from the body’s own healthy tissues for destruction.
The Immune System is the body’s defence mechanism against diseases, so maintaining the Immune System is key to your general wellbeing.
When the Immune system is compromised it creates what is called, Immunodeficiency Disorder.
WHAT IS AN IMMUNODEFICIENCY DISORDER?
Immunodeficiency disorders disrupt your body’s ability to defend itself against bacteria, viruses, and parasites.
There are two types of immunodeficiency disorders: those you are born with (primary), and those that are acquired (secondary).
Anything that weakens your immune system can lead to a secondary immunodeficiency disorder.
Immunodeficiency disorders prevent your body from fighting infections and diseases. This type of disorder makes it easier for you to catch viruses and bacterial infections.
Immunodeficiency disorders are either congenital or acquired. A congenital, or primary, disorder is one you were born with. Acquired, or secondary, disorders you get later in life. Acquired disorders are more common than congenital disorders.
These organs make and release lymphocytes. These are white blood cells classified as B cells and T cells. B and T cells fight invaders called antigens. B cells release antibodies specific to the disease your body

########
Rank: 12
Score: 38.63351
Retrieved Text: It’s unfortunate but true. Stress is bound to have an adverse affect on your life from time to time. When it hits, it can disrupt your emotions and your physical health. How can create a natural barrier so it can’t do much damage to your system? That’s what we’re discussing today.
Stress takes its toll on your immune system.
Your immune system is like your army of protection to battle the germs that invade your body. Too much stress weakens the immune system and opens the door for frequent colds and viral infections.
If you’re prone to high stress levels and your immune system is deeply compromised, then you might suffer stronger symptoms of the ailment than if you had your defenses built up.
The doctor can’t prescribe you a magic pill that builds up your immune system, but you can use alternative methods to do the job. You can also use stress reduction techniques, such as hypnotherapy, aromatherapy, and meditation.
Your nutrition is also important to your immune system.
Many natural herbs can provide a boost in your immune system, too. Herbs like Astragalus, Sage, Garlic, Honey, mushrooms, and St. John’s Wort all have immunity-enhancing qualities.
Astragalus is generally used as a tonic. In Chinese medicine, it’s been touted to restore the immune system and help tissue cells regenerate. They’ve found it crates a natural obstacle to cancer cell growth, and provides many other health benefits. Specific to the immune system, it increases the white blood cells that act as your army of protection against foreign invaders.
St. John’s Wort and garlic have

########
Rank: 13
Score: 38.443916
Retrieved Text: If you have read How Cells Work, you know how both bacteria cells and the cells in your body work. A cell is a stand-alone living entity able to eat, grow and reproduce. Viruses are nothing like that. If you could look at a virus, you would see that a virus is a tiny particle. Virus particles are about one-millionth of an inch (17 to 300 nanometers) long. Viruses are about a thousand times smaller than bacteria, and bacteria are much smaller than most human cells. Viruses are so small that most cannot be seen with a light microscope, but must be observed with an electron microscope.
Viruses vary widely in their shape and complexity. Some look like round popcorn balls, while others have a complicated shape that looks like a spider or the Apollo lunar lander.
Unlike human cells or bacteria, viruses do not contain the chemical machinery (enzymes) needed to carry out the chemical reactions for life. Instead, viruses carry only one or two enzymes that decode their genetic instructions. So, a virus must have a host cell (bacteria, plant or animal) in which to live and make more viruses. Outside of a host cell, viruses cannot function. For this reason, viruses tread the fine line that separates living things from nonliving things. Most scientists agree that viruses are alive because of what happens when they infect a host cell.
Once inside the cell, the viral enzymes take over those enzymes of the host cell and begin making copies of the viral genetic instructions and new viral

########
Rank: 14
Score: 38.377075
Retrieved Text: Every time a new study is published about brain health and Alzheimer’s, my ears perk up. When the research focuses on nutrition and lifestyle factors, it really gets my attention. So, when a recent study compiled evidence suggesting the mineral, selenium, is deficient in the brain tissue of those with Alzheimer’s, I made a cup of tea and put on my reading glasses.
What this study emphasizes is the crucial importance of nutrition, and subsequently micronutrients, for preventing and healing disease. It also speaks to the value of treading lightly on our bodies by avoiding “insults” like alcohol, smoking, poor diet, pollution, and toxins. The harder we are on our bodies, the more nutrients the body needs to repair damage.
This is what you need to know about selenium deficiency and how to prevent it.
Selenium is a trace mineral found in soil that makes its way into crops and grass-eating livestock and then into our bodies when we consume these foods. This mineral is critical for thyroid function but also plays a huge role in immune function and damage prevention. Selenium works with vitamin E to prevent and reduce inflammation and recycles vitamin C to boost your immune system. Last but not least, selenium is required to create the body’s master antioxidant, glutathione, which not only protects cells from free radical damage but also helps your liver detoxify.
2. How does selenium deficiency affect the brain?
Selenium’s ability to regulate the immune system and reduce inflammation is especially important for cognitive function and the prevention of cognitive decline. Brain health

########
Rank: 15
Score: 38.276783
Retrieved Text: Viruses are microscopic organisms that exist almost everywhere on earth. They can infect animals, plants, fungi, and even bacteria.
Sometimes a virus can cause a disease so deadly that it is fatal. Other viral infections trigger no noticeable reaction.
A virus may also have one effect on one type of organism, but a different effect on another. This explains how a virus that affects a cat may not affect a dog.
Viruses vary in complexity. They consist of genetic material, RNA or DNA, surrounded by a coat of protein, lipid (fat), or glycoprotein. Viruses cannot replicate without a host, so they are classified as parasitic.
They are considered the most abundant biological entity on the planet.
Here are some key points about viruses. More detail is in the main article.
Viruses are living organisms that cannot replicate without a host cell.
Diseases caused by viruses include rabies, herpes, and Ebola.
There is no cure for a virus, but vaccination can prevent them from spreading.
Effects of viruses can range from life-threatening to virtually symptomless.
Almost every ecosystem on Earth contains viruses.
Before entering a cell, viruses exist in a form known as virions.
Viruses do not contain a ribosome, so they cannot make proteins. This makes them totally dependent on their host. They are the only type of microorganism that cannot reproduce without a host cell.
After contacting a host cell, a virus will insert genetic material into the host and take over that host's functions.
After infecting the cell, the virus continues to reproduce, but it produces more viral protein and genetic material instead of the usual cellular products.
It

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.207535
Retrieved Text: A team of researchers led by Indian-origin scientists have discovered that the deadly Zika virus can infect and replicate in immune cells from the placenta, without killing them.
According to the researchers, little was known about how the virus was replicating in placenta and in what cell type.
The finding showed that Zika virus could infect Hofbauer cells — placental macrophages — in cell culture.
Hofbauer cells are foetally derived, in contrast with other immune cells found in the placenta called decidual macrophages, which are maternally derived.
They are thought to be more tolerant and less prone to inflammatory responses than other immune cells, the researchers said.
However, signs of antiviral and inflammatory responses were detected in infected Hofbauer cells.
“Host genetics and non-viral factors, including nutrition and microbiota, as well as timing may be influencing infectivity,” said one of the researchers Mehul Suthar, assistant professor at Emory University in the US.
Also, the level of viral replication was found different from donor to donor, hinting that some women’s placentae may be more susceptible to viral infection than others.
“Not every pregnant woman who is infected by Zika transmits the virus to her foetus,” Suthar added.
In addition, the virus could infect another type of placental cell, called cytotrophoblasts, but only after a couple days delay and not as readily.
The study, published in the journal Cell Host & Microbe, may explain how the virus can pass through the placenta of a pregnant woman, on its way to infect developing brain cells in her foetus.
“A better understanding of these factors could allow the design of preventive

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.077103
Retrieved Text: Cancer is a difficult disease to treat because it is hard to detect within the body. Cancer sneaks in to normal cells and changes them to cancer cells over time. The immune system mistakes cancer cells for healthy cells, so they are not attacked.
One of the cells in a healthy immune system, the Natural Killer cell, has special protein receptors that allow it to pinpoint and kill the cancer cells. The problem, though, is that these receptors get clipped off before the Natural Killer cell can destroy enough cancer to stop the disease. The cancer, therefore, easily outpaces the immune system.
If we can make the protein receptors stronger, Natural Killer cells can destroy cancer cells faster. A patient’s immune system would also be able to fight the cancer without as much aid from the standard drugs used today.
We know the receptors get clipped off the surface of Natural Killer cells by a protease, an enzyme that breaks the bond between the Natural Killer cell and its cancer receptor. Researchers also know where in the bond the receptor is cut and which particular enzyme process weakens the bond. For this knowledge to make a difference, though, the Natural Killer cells have to be altered and grown so the protein receptors remain intact and work with a patient’s immune system to kill cancer.
Scientists have engineered a gene to make a protein receptor that can’t be clipped. Natural Killer cells with this special gene will have protein receptors that can grab and kill many more cancer cells. With this

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.8911
Retrieved Text: Feeling great happens from the inside out! Perhaps no other system in the body demonstrates this concept better than your immune system. Read on to discover how the immune system works… and eight ways you can make it even stronger.
Some immune system cells shoot out particles that can open the cell membranes of pathogens like viruses and bacteria.
Other cells work together to surround invaders and emit poisonous substances which kill the “bad guys” on contact.
Others are like garbage collectors; their job is to “eat up” unfriendly substances in the body.
Still, others are on “special assignment” to search out particular pathogens. Natural Killer Cells , designed to hunt out and destroy cancer cells, are examples of this.
Your immune system connects and interacts with just about every other system in your body, including the circulatory system, the digestive system, the lymphatic system, the detoxification pathways, and even your brain.
A little-known fact is that 80% of our immune system cells are in the upper GI, more specifically in the mucosal lining of the small intestinal tract . This is why gut health is so important for overall immune system health.
Also, new research, such as a January 2018 investigation conducted at the University of Texas’ MD Anderson Cancer Center , shows that more immune system functions occur in the brain than previously thought through glial cells of the neuroimmune system. These cells exist in the central nervous system and are designed to protect brain neurons from damage.
The immune system consists of billions of cells that perform hundreds of vital functions.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.68637
Retrieved Text: Treats various cancers and kidney disorders.
Effective when used in combination with other anticancer agents or by itself against blood cancers and a kidney disease known as minimal change nephrotic syndrome.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) is one of the most well-known medications for cancer, so doctors know what to expect.
Available in generic and in both a pill or as an injection.
Tried cyclophosphamide? Write a review!
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can seriously damage the kidneys.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can cause many different side effects throughout the body.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) is more likely to cause nausea and vomiting compared to other chemotherapy drugs.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can cause infertility.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) works by stopping cancer cells from multiplying.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can affect different blood cells which weakens your immune system. You might feel more tired, be at risk of infections and bleed or bruise more easily. Your doctor will do regular blood tests, or give you antibiotics to protect you from infections.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can cause kidney or bladder problems or make you at risk of getting kidney infections. To stop this from happening, you should drink plenty of liquids and urinate often. If you have pink or red urine or pain on urination, tell your doctor right away.
Cytoxan (cyclophosphamide) can cause liver damage. You're more likely to have this if you're taking certain other chemotherapy drugs or getting radiation throughout your entire body. If you have sudden weight gain, swelling of your stomach, fluid build up in your abdomen, yellowing skin or eyes, dark urine or pale stools, talk to your doctor right away.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.46653
Retrieved Text: These are the organisms that can invade our body and can make us sick.
PATHOGEN: A disease causing organism which also causes infection.
Pathogenic Bacteria: disease causing bacteria.
Pathogenic Fungi: Fungi only infect the skin and only get life threatening when they infect lungs.
This system merely prevents pathogen from entering the body or destroys it before even identifying it. The defense is not concern with the kind of pathogen. It’s shoots first and asks questions later.
The epithelial surfaces form a physical barrier that is impermeable to most infectious agents, acting as the first line of defense against invading organisms. Shedding of skin epithelium also helps remove bacteria and other infectious agents that have adhered to the epithelial surfaces.
Mucus trap pathogens like paper fly etc.
They are present in mouth, respiratory and digestive tract.
Saliva and tears have this destructive enzyme which is another chemical protection that can break down proteins.
The complement system also functions in the inflammatory response. The swellings and pain that alert you to splitter in skin are result able due to local inflammatory response.
This is brought about by signaling molecule releasing by injury or infection.
One important signaling molecule is histamine which is stored in the granule of mast cells that are found in connective tissues.
Histamine release at sights of damage, trigger by near blood vessels. Macrophages become activated and perform diapedesis and attack and destroy pathogens.
But dead microbes and cell debris accumulate at the sight of inflammation.
Macrophages may also release pyrogens which are chemicals inducing and causing fever.
TLR (toll like receptors) bind to specific surfaces.
TLR3 binds to double

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.99433
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to boost your immune system using foods and vitamins to boost your immune system is necessary for long term health and wellness.
So you want to know what how to boost your immune system? Good question! The following tips and techniques will help you have strong immune system for years to come.
Your body has been designed to keep you well. Wanting to boost your immune system is simply desiring to work with your body, not against it. Seeking to strengthen your immune system is very natural, so here are some natural ways to do it.
Exercise– Exercise is an important part of being healthy. If you need yet another reason to get off the couch and into some sort of bodily exercise, here it is: Exercise circulates the lymph in your body. Lymph is an important component of the human body's immune system. Lymph bathes the cells bringing important nutrients and fighting harmful bacteria.
Unlike the blood which is pumped by your heart and circulated throughout your body, the lymph has no pump; you have to help to circulate this important fluid. The lymph is circulated and your immune system is strengthened by exercise.
Purify YOUR Air– Many cold and flu viruses are in the air, so purify your air. Get rid of the viruses before they get you.
Now before you buy an expensive air-filtering device, consider a low cost, but extremely effective alternative— raw unpeeled onions. Although there needs be more studies done, onions seem to have the unique ability to effectively absorb pathogens in the air.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.97668
Retrieved Text: One mechanism for defeating the vertebrate immune system is to attack the immune mechanism itself. Many helper T cells and inducer T cells are CD4+ T cells. Therefore, any pathogen that inactivates CD4+ T cells leaves the immune system unable to mount a response to any foreign antigen. Acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) is a deadly disease for just this reason. The AIDS retrovirus, called human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), mounts a direct attack on CD4+ T cells because it recognizes the CD4 coreceptors associated with these cells.
HIVs attack on CD4+ T cells cripples the immune system in at least three ways. First, HIV-infected cells die only after releasing replicated viruses that infect other CD4+ T cells, until the entire population of CD4+ T cells is destroyed (figure 1). In a normal individual, CD4+ T cells make up 60 to 80% of circulating T cells; in AIDS patients, CD4+ T cells often become too rare to detect (figure 2). Second, HIV causes infected CD4+ T cells to secrete a soluble suppressing factor that blocks other T cells from responding to the HIV antigen. Finally, HIV may block transcription of MHC genes, hindering the recognition and destruction of infected CD4+ T cells and thus protecting those cells from any remaining vestiges of the immune system.
HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. Viruses released from infected CD4+ T cells soon spread to neighboring CD4+ T cells, infecting them in turn. The individual viruses, colored red in this scanning electron micrograph, are extremely small; over 200 million would fit on the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.95687
Retrieved Text: One of the cosiest things I like to do before Christmas is to make pomander balls. Their smell of cloves and orange is so pleasant. They are easy to make, also for those with less well-developed fine motor skills. In addition, the orange balls with brown dots looks lovely, hanging in the window frame. In fact, they have some resemblance to virus particles.
Virus consist of a shell built by one or a few different proteins, which is reused repeatedly, just like the cloves piercing the orange skin. Hidden within the shell is the virus’ genetic material. By binding to the surface of a body cell, the virus can empty its genes into the cell, and thus get more virus particles produced.
Even if the killer cells of the immune system can detect and remove virus-infected body-cells, it is also important if possible, to stop the virus from penetrating into the body-cells in the first place. The task is not trivial, since it is not known how the virus will look like. It is simply a sea of possible virus-proteins that we need to defend ourselves against.
It is here that the immune system’s lottery reveals its real genius. By randomly combining a few gene motives in many different ways, the body is equipped with several million B cells that each has a defined receptor. Some few of these B cells have receptors that bind to the “cloves” in a given virus particle. B cells that has bound to a virus, will be stimulated to divide and after a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.847656
Retrieved Text: Viruses are microscopic invaders that infect and reproduce inside cells. Some viruses target and infect cancer cells specifically, these viruses called oncolytic viruses (OVs) selectively replicate in and kill cancer cells, and spread within the tumor, while not harming normal tissue. Oncolytic viruses can be involved in tumor immunotherapies and thus improve the immune system to fight the cancer cells as they target multiple steps within cancer–immunity cycle (Bommareddy et al.,2018).
There are two main ways that oncolytic viruses help fight cancer. First. They kill cancer cells directly when they infect these cells and cause them to burst second when the cancer cells die they release tell-tale markers called antigens into the body these cancer antigens are taken up by cells of immune system which then alert the body to attack the cells the t cells to look for and kill cancer cells elsewhere in the body (Bommareddy et al.,2018).
The goal of most immunotherapies is the activation of immune effectors, such as T cells and natural killer cells, as the presence of these active mediators reflects the results of the patient in a positive way(Lee et al.,2018). The efficacy of both immune and OV therapies can increase by combining the Oncolytic viruses that can replicate in cancer cells with immune modulators.
One example is the Combination of OVs with cytokines and chemokines, many viruses have been designed to express unique cytokines or chemokines. Cytokines and chemokines are appealing transgenes since they are encoded by small genes and it’s simple to work in a viral genome. In addition, they

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.83006
Retrieved Text: How our body protects us: Lymphocytes, blood cells and more!
Your body normally does a great job at protecting you from infections!
When you catch an infection, your body does everything it can to try and fight back. One of the things it might try and do is cool you down… by making you hot!
Welcome to the immune system in action!
Microbes like being at the body’s normal temperature – that’s 37 degrees Celsius. They don’t like it when the body raises the temperature to help fight off infections. That’s what happens when you have a fever.
Skin is designed to be a tough waterproof barrier that keeps foreign things out. That’s why if you have a cut or a graze, it’s a good idea to wash and cover it up so that infections can’t sneak in.
Even where there are holes like your ears and nose, you’ll find substances like mucus, earwax and hairs – all designed to trap particles and viruses.
If you’ve got a chest infection, you might have lots of STREPTOCOCCUS PNEUMONIAE bacteria. There’s certainly a lot of them around and they typically gather in pairs.
Click here to find out more about your body!
As you may know, there’s more to blood than just, well, blood. As well as red blood cells that carry oxygen to all parts of the body, platelets and other substances suspended in a fluid called plasma, blood also contains white blood cells that help the body fight infections.
Look, here comes a LYMPHOCYTE – that’s a type of white blood cell – coming to the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.75803
Retrieved Text: The definition of the immune system is the cells and tissues in the body that make it possible to protect itself against infection.
It is a secret behind a good health. A good and healthy system guarantees protection against various foreign bodies such as bacteria, toxins, viruses, cancer cells and infected fluids from other individuals. As our body ages, the immune system weakens, making our elderly loved ones more prone to infections, causing them to fall sick easily.
The past few decades have witnessed an increase in life span coupled with a decrease in birth rates. This has led to an increase in the geriatric population, with an expected increase of 22% of the world population.
Old age brings along several ailments and disabilities, owing to poor functioning of the immune system. A poor immunity increases the chances of contracting infections and paves way for the development of chronic illnesses such as cancer and other types of inflammatory diseases.
Studies have demonstrated that vaccines are not very much effective in reducing illness amongst the elderly population. However, the vaccines have been somewhat successful in preventing deaths amongst the elderly population due to flu and pneumonia.
• Elderly loved ones are at an increased risk of falling prey to infections and getting sick more often.
• They may develop autoimmune disorder; as the poor working immune system may mistakenly attack the healthy body cells.
• The risk of cancer also increases, as the ability of the immune system to detect cancer cells decreases significantly.
It is a proven fact that as one age, the immune

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.626015
Retrieved Text: The horse healthy immune system which is designed to protect the equine from invading pathogens is extremely complex. When everything is functioning in synchrony, the system works well.
If horses are malnourished this negatively impacts cell production. Even the well-fed horse can be at risk of suppression of the immune system if his diet doesn’t contain the necessary micro- and macro-minerals. Micro-minerals include such elements as zinc, copper, cobalt, selenium, and manganese, while macro-minerals include calcium, phosphorus, and magnesium.
Age can have an effect at both ends of the spectrum. The very young and the very old. In the very young horse, the immune system is in a developmental stage, and in the old horse, its capabilities are diminished as part of the aging process.
The problem is that many things can compromise the immune system, and when that happens, the horse is at an increased risk of developing a disease.
Your horse’s immune system is under constant attack. There are many diseases and viruses that affect horses, eastern and western encephalomyelitis, tetanus,rhinopneumonitis , influenza, strangles, rabies, Potomac horse fever (PHF) and west nile virus are the primary concerns. Parasites can also weaken your horse’s immune system. Parasites are a natural part of life for grazing animals like horses. There are several types of intestinal worms that can infect your horse year round. And the energy spent fighting off an infestation can deplete nutrition and ultimately the immune system. Serious conditions can develop if your horse’s immune system is not properly maintained. Both viruses and bacterial infections can take their

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.61197
Retrieved Text: A viral infection is a disease that can be caused by various kinds of virus. Such infection can take place in different parts of the body. While some viruses can be found in the intestine there are other viruses that can be found in airways and lungs.
It is difficult to treat viral infection as the viruses live inside the body cells. Antibiotics are not used to treat viral infection as it does not work for such infections. It needs to be treated with the help of several antiviral drugs available. Virus causes infectious diseases such as flu, common cold and warts. They can also cause serious illness such as small pox, HIV/AIDS and hemorrhagic fevers.
Get a Flu Shot. Vaccinations are the cheapest and most effective way to prevent viruses.
Lifestyle Change: For viral infection transmitted sexually, a change in lifestyle will reduce this infection.
Myths: If immunity system is healthy immunization is not required.
Fact: Vaccines are necessary as it will help fight against several virus infections. Vaccines are quite effective and safe and can be used successfully in protecting against many infections.
Fact: Antibiotics do not work when suffering from virus infections. Most earaches, coughs, colds, flu, sore throats are caused due to viruses. Antibiotics won’t help you recover from these.
In order to detect if a person is suffering from viral infection, a viral test needs to be done. Virus grows in living cells and causes diseases by damaging or destroying the cells they infect. They even end up damaging the immune system of the body and change the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.539425
Retrieved Text: Molds nest, not infrequently, in our domestic living spaces, leading to considerable health risks. A research team around Professor Dr. Oliver Werz of the Friedrich Schiller University in Jena has now found out how the mold fungus Aspergillus fumigatus undermines the immune system and become life-threatening fungal infections can cause.
Molds require, especially in already-compromised individuals, often severe diseases, which do not rarely life-threatening proportions. A particularly prevalent representative of the genus of mold fungi Aspergillus fumigatus. Why this can be for people in serious risk, has examined the international research team around Professor Werz in a recent study. Their results were published in the journal “Cell Chemical Biology”.
Aspergillus fumigatus is virtually everywhere, and for people with a weakened immune system is highly dangerous, report the researchers in a press release from the University of Jena. The mould fungus come from “virtually all life of the earth from space: as dark gray, wrinkled pads on damp walls or in microscopically small spores that fly through the air and on Wallpapers, mattresses, and flooring.” For most people, this is not a special Problem, because your immune system can fight off the spores successfully or turn off. In individuals with an immunodeficiency the body’s own immune system is not able to eliminate the organism from invading mold spores successfully. You can bring the mould quickly in danger of their lives.
The international research team was able to demonstrate in his studies that, among other things, the so-called Gliotoxin, a highly potent mycotoxin, has a significant influence on the pathogenicity of

================



======= Instance Index 8 =========
Input Text: Process:
- There is a fetus in the womb
- They are born and are a baby
- The baby grows into a child
- Puberty turns the child into an adolescent
- The adolescent becomes an adult
- An adult becomes an elderly person
- The elderly person dies.

Question:
suppose the mother does not get an abortion happens, how will it affect MORE babies.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.995453
Retrieved Text: Tell your senators to support the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act!
Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act!
To protect babies born alive after a failed abortion!
Last week, Sen, Ben Sasse, a Republican from Nebraska, took to the Senate Floor to call for passage of the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Act, S. 130. If enacted, the bill would extend federal legal protection to babies who are born alive during an abortion.
Don’t believe abortion advocates who say this never happens. It does, and more often than we think.
This bill is more important than ever, in light of a new state law in New York that allows abortionists to let these born-alive children die if they survive abortion. Other states are looking to enact laws like this, and everyone heard the governor of Virginia describe how it would be up to the mother whether a child who survives abortion should live or die.
That’s not abortion; that’s infanticide.
Today, Sen. Sasse is going to try to expedite this bill through the Senate. Please contact your senators, today if possible, to make sure they will support the bill or be prepared to explain why they didn’t.
The extremism of the Democrats is finally being exposed. This is an important moment in our nation.
The only way to oppose a bill like this is to be devoid of a conscience altogether.
Please forward this to anyone on your e-mail list who may be interested -- and encourage them to do the same!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.13816
Retrieved Text: The best and most effective anti abortion slogans for posters, t-shirts or a campaign in your community. Get involved and help save babies!
At its most basic level, the pro-life message is this: An unborn child is a human person whose life has value and deserves to be protected by our society.
But we also have an important message to share about how abortion harms women and men and about how committed the pro-life movement is to helping women face untimely pregnancies and choose life for their babies.
Ultimately, our message is a message of hope. We believe that, working together, we can transform our society into a place in which no mother will ever resort to abortion, and where every child, regardless of the circumstances of his or her conception, will be welcomed and loved.
1 You Have A Choice, They Don't.
Choose Life. Your Mom did.
Abortion kills the humanity in us all.
10 If abortion is the answer, it must be a really stupid question.
Any woman who'd willingly have an abortion doesn't deserve to be a mother.
15 Who will speak up for the little ones.
16 Every unwanted child a dead child. Doesn't sound so nice anymore, does it?
17 You might forgive yourself, but a dead baby sure can.t.
Abortion - Aren't you forgetting someone?
20 Abortion: The worst kind of child abuse.
Can you think of a good Anti Abortion Pro Life Slogans we're missing? Or come up with a clever one of your own. Please share below.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.163403
Retrieved Text: The abortion in the United States of America is a serious topic for debate. Under some circumstances the abortion was prohibited in 30 states. However, in 1973, all of these laws were invalidated and the abortion became legal in the country. Since that time, abortion is legal in the United States, but each state has some regulations about this law. According to the majority of laws, the age of the fetus should not exceed 24 weeks. Starting from this, the fetus is able to survive apart from the mother. Despite the fact that many experts are convinced that legal abortion can provide women’s health and help them to survive, the abortion should be prohibited as it contributed to many babies are being killed as a result of abortion.
The discussion about abortion can last for many years. People have different points of views and state their own arguments. However, the main reason why abortion should be illegal is that it is ending a life. Abortion should be legally considered as a murder because inside the mother is a living form of life there. It is able to grow and come through different stages of development inside the pregnant women. That is why the life inside a pregnant woman should be protected. “If the fetus is a person from the moment of conception, it would be the state’s duty to offer the fetus full legal protection” (Garfield, 5). The abortion stops that process of embryo and kills the future life of human being. Some people could claim that

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.681656
Retrieved Text: In late October, Pro-life leaders in Uruguay launched hundreds of balloons in a clear signal to the nation’s political leadership that motherhood is a gift to be cherished and protected, not marginalized and attacked.
Under the slogan “Let’s decriminalize motherhood”, several Uruguayan pro-life groups met to begin a national dialogue on the results of the partial legalization of abortion. Leaders discussed the costs that women have to pay to become a mother in Uruguay today, and the need to promote a system of protection of motherhood.
The October 26th commemoration began with a rally in front of the Monument to the Mother, which is located across from the Parliamentary Palace. Reflecting the flag of Uruguay and the number of babies killed since the law was passed, blue, yellow and white helium balloons were released, and a bouquet of flowers was placed at the monument by two children, in memory of mothers, who are the secondary victims of abortion.
Participants then crossed to the Legislative Palace, where a ceremony was held in the lobby of the House of Representatives.
First, two women, Alexandra and Monica, gave testimony of the “sufferings and travails” they have had to endure for the “crime” of becoming a mother. Next, five pro-life legislators spoke: Luis Eduardo Pintado Sabini, alternate representative of the Colorado Party for the Department of Canelones, Grisell Pereyra (National Party/Montevideo), Carlos Lafigliola (National Party/Montevideo), María del Carmen Marichal, councilman of the Colorado Party for the City of Montevideo; and Álvaro Dastugue, representative of the National Party for the Department of Montevideo.
Gerardo Amarilla, representative

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.21916
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Too Hot for Swamp Gas' started by flgator2, Feb 9, 2019.
I love that Haley asked the question to Pelosi. Its disgusting how these politicians pretend to actually care about the environment, show no feelings for a baby getting murdered.
Would you rather have the baby be unwanted by its' mother after it's born? If we put all the babies who are saved by making abortion illegal do we have enough demand so that they're all adopted, or do we end up having a Romanian style situation with the babies that don't get adopted?
I would like to see it mandatory for any person on any Gov't assistance required to be on birth control, don't you think this would solve a lot of issues?
I doubt it. Is the govt. going to provide all of the birth control free to these people?
The Gov't already gives some free birth control, I read an article a while back that stated you could go to the local health Dept. and they would help you apply for it.
YES.I never said it would be easy. But we have so many here in America that would love to adopt(not trying to get another subject started) our system makes it very difficult to adopt, that's why a lot choose to go to other countries. If we made it mandatory to be on birth control that would stop a lot of this. But the option of killing a baby is not even an option for me.
Question: Do you define a 6-week old fetus the size of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.02685
Retrieved Text: The termination of the life of a fertilized egg or an unborn child is overly legal in the United States of America. This decision has been standing from the end of the Rue versus Wade case. Jacqui Bailey (2011) suggests that with this ammunition in the hands of women and other pro-abortion enthusiasts, abortion is seen as a commonplace practice that is much dependent on the executor. Are there costs that come along with the practice of abortion? Are there parties that lose and are there parties that gain? With the continuous rage of debates between the pro-life and pro-abortionists, this topic is better fully explored to outline its morality. With such knowledge, the public will have a better base to decide whether abortion is for societal good or destruction. Abortion is a societal, conceived evil that should not be accepted at all costs.
Michele C. Moore, Caroline M. De Costa (2007) report that abortion has taken a similar argument used by people during the old days of slavery. People then considered the slave non-human hence not able to live on his own. The master treated the slave as his property, and this gave the master all the power to decide on what he would do with the slave. The range of possible actions included overworking the slave and even leaving him to starve for a couple of days. Those supporting abortion use the same trend because they consider that the unborn baby is the property of the mother. Moore and Costa (2007) report that pro-abortionists consider

########
Rank: 6
Score: 33.97379
Retrieved Text: With a lot of countries legalizing abortion, there is always a question we need to ask ourselves. Is abortion justified? Is it criminal? If not, why does it prick the conscience of all those who have done it? Is it an act of injustice done to the purest of our race, the innocent?
While in most countries the debate has been going on for decades, some countries have legalized abortion if the fetus is less than 24-weeks. We already know the process of gestation well enough, but what this mother of 22-week identical twins has to say when she had a miscarriage will leave a lasting impression on all and hopefully stand as a testimony for anti-abortion campaigns.
Already parents of a child, Carlson, Heather Ellis and Josh had since struggled to conceive. After a bout of treatments and a dose of fertility pills, this couple was ecstatic to learn that they were going to parent a set of identical twins. Sadly, the thrill of this expecting couple was cut short around the 18th week. Ellis started feeling there was something unusual, and though the doctor assured her that it was all okay, she had a gut feeling that her pregnancy had gone seriously wrong. Disregarding the first consultation, the couple took a second opinion only to find out that Ellis had an incompetent uterus and that the baby boys, just in their 22nd week were ready to be delivered.
The first option given to Ellis by the doctors was abortion, but for the couple that was never an

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.934708
Retrieved Text: Earlier this year the website Upworthy blasted this wild headline into the social media universe: Every 10 Minutes, a Woman Dies Because She Can’t Get an Abortion. It Sent This Woman to Sea. The woman is Rebecca Gomperts, and she’s made a name for herself by committing abortions on a ship in international waters. For now let’s deal with the blatant lie in the headline: that women die because they can’t get abortions. Maternal death from lack of abortion is not just uncommon; the phenomenon is nonexistent.
Nonetheless, facts do not deter radical abortion activists from making this false statement on a daily basis. Specifically, the fudged statistic in this piece was that “47,000 women die every year” in countries where mothers cannot legally kill their children in abortion.
Here’s the fact: sometimes, ending a pregnancy is the only way to preserve a mother’s health. The problem is that, with their anti-Life blinders on, abortion advocates do not acknowledge that abortion is not the only way to terminate a pregnancy. In actual fact, there are Life-affirming alternatives. The removal of fallopian tubes, for example, in an ectopic pregnancy, may be necessary to save the mother from imminent death. An ectopic pregnancy is in many cases a ticking time bomb until the pregnancy ruptures, killing both mother and child. The removal of a fallopian tube in which the baby is growing will indirectly cause the baby to die, but not by directly killing or intending to kill – the child. And that is a crucial difference between Life-affirming maternal

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.86795
Retrieved Text: Is six-weeks too early for a woman to know she's pregnant?
According to most pro-abortion activists and news reports, the answer is yes. Despite the major advances in technology, medical knowledge, and the supposed strong and comprehensive sexual education provided by Planned Parenthood over the past several decades, abortion advocates argue that most women remain surprisingly ignorant about how and when they become pregnant.
It's a ridiculous and inaccurate argument.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's (CDC) latest report on abortion, almost one in four women (23%) abort their children at a gestational age of six weeks or under. The argument that most women don't know they're pregnant by six weeks is misleading at best, a blatant lie at worse.
A deeper analysis of the CDC report shows that the vast majority (65.4%) of abortions occurs at eight weeks gestation or earlier, and of those more than half occur at six weeks or under. The next largest abortion group is 9-13 weeks, which accounts for about one in four abortions (25.7%). The remaining weeks, defined as 14 to >21 weeks, represents almost 9% of all abortions.
Clearly, most women choose to abort earlier rather than later in their pregnancy.
But even at such an early stage, we know several things about a preborn baby at six weeks. By that time, the preborn baby's heart is usually beating at about 105 beats per minute. The nose, mouth and inner and outer ears are beginning to take shape, and the brain and nervous system are rapidly developing. A preborn baby at

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.835648
Retrieved Text: If I had my choice of perfect worlds, there would be no government in it. People purchase protection from a private company of their choice. This company, in turn, subscribes to a system of laws which is privately written. Independent judges interpret the law fairly, or they don't get the business next time. Some legal systems will come into conflict, which will be resolved by a payment in one direction or another. The price one pays for a legal system determines the amount of conflict one bears. Poor people obviously get a cheap one which doesn't allow for much conflict. But it does cover them against the essentials -- no murder, no theft. In the end they get more justice by buying it in an efficient market than what they're currently getting through government -- arguably less than zero.
There's a lot of reasons to expect that this would result in better laws.
Obviously, in my perfect world, some parents still hurt their own children, so there must be provision in people's laws to protect children against their parents as well as others. And equally obviously, some people will seek to employ inordinate violence against their attackers, so there must be provision in people's laws against that as well. How do I know that these provisions will be there? Because people will purchase a subscription to a legal system without knowing whether it will be used for or against them. So, they will shop carefully. Will they make mistakes even though I'm supposing a perfect world? Sure they

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.8158
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends for Life: “A nation that kills its own children is a nation without hope.” Last night the following headlines popped up on my computer: (1) UK will pay $1.3 billion to fund abortions and contraception around the world. (2) Oregon Passes Bill To Force Taxpayers To Pay For Abortions, Including Of Noncitizens. (3) Canada to provide a whopping $241.5 million for overseas abortions, contraception. (4) Swedish aid agency to halt funds for supporters of U.S. anti-abortion ‘gag rule’.
Why is pregnancy a war between a mother and her child? A little research shows that the number of casualties of all the wars in the history of the world is estimated at somewhat less than 500 million. This is less than one-third the amount of unborn lives sacrificed in the last 36 years.
This war on unborn babies is the “longest war” in the history of our planet. Since 1980 more than one and one half billion babies have been legally slaughtered. The United States alone stands at 60 million.
Who PROFITS from killing babies? The Child? The Mother? The Family? Society? It is Planned Parenthood and big abortion industries.
Who SUFFERS from killing babies? It is the same child, mother, family and society.
The only winners in this war are the abortion industries like Planned Parenthood. Their sole purpose is to make profit from the weak and poor. As the first four questions above show, this war is mostly sponsored by our governments. Yes, our governments provide Federal funds and grants for abortion. In the United States the government

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.710396
Retrieved Text: Is VA Gov. Northam misleading public on details of extreme abortion bill?
On Wednesday during a local radio show, Virginia Governor Ralph Northam shared his support for the controversial Repeal Act, which would have legalized abortion up until birth. However, his statements caused social media chaos when he misled listeners about what is in the expansive bill, which failed to make it out of the subcommittee on Tuesday.
During the ‘Meet the Governor’ radio show, Northam was asked whether or not he supports the bill, which he does. However, he was also asked to “explain” Virginia state delegate Kathy Tran’s statement that the bill would allow for abortion even up to the point when a woman is in labor with a full-term child (seen in the video below).
Northam stated that abortion decisions must be left up to the doctors and mothers. It was what he said next, however, that caused confusion and had some claiming he was advocating for killing a child after birth.
When we talk about third-trimester abortions, these are done with the consent of, obviously, the mother with the consent of the physicians – more than one physician, by the way – and it’s done in cases where there may be severe deformities. There may be a fetus that’s nonviable. So in this particular example, if the mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen, the infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable, the infant would be resuscitated if that’s what the mother and the family desired, and then

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.7062
Retrieved Text: According to a recent Civitas poll, 56% of North Carolina voters support the “Abortion – Women’s Right to Know Act.” This proposed piece of legislation requires doctors to provide women seeking abortions with an ultrasound, information on alternatives to abortion, and 24-hour waiting period before the abortion is performed.
Not only does this proposed act increase the seriousness of a decision to have an abortion by creating more closely guarded rules for the procedure, it will also work to provide women with a clear understanding of their options and the opportunity to reconsider once presented with alternatives.
If passed, this act will be a terrific step towards increasing awareness of a host of organizations that offer counseling and assistance in choosing alternatives to abortion, and it could lessen the probability of post-abortion regret.
House Bill 854, “Abortion – Women’s Right to Know Act,” is currently in the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Health and Human Services.
Those who oppose this modest reform are not pro-choice, they are pro-abortion.
This bill simply ensures that the buyer of an abortion is given full disclosure of all the relevant information needed to make an informed choice, and at least 24 hours to read and evaluate most of it. But (according the the NCGA’s Fiscal Research Division) giving women that information is expected to reduce the number of abortions in NC by about eight per day.
That’s why the abortion industry is lobbying furiously to stop this bill: because it will cut into their gruesome business.
Most women who get abortions do not really want them. They just

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.394375
Retrieved Text: Today is the 35th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s ruling to uphold the new law that legalized the destruction of human life in the womb. To date more than 48 million babies worldwide have been killed by abortion. Might some of these babies, who were destroyed, turned out to be the ones who would have discovered the cure for diseases such as Aids, etc.?
New technology, such as 4-D ultrasound, has proven the humanity of the unborn child. It is most difficult to deny a human life when you can see the child laugh, cry, smile and move around in the womb. Most abortions are performed at the age when this is most evident on the ultrasound.
In the legal case, Roe v. Wade, which was the law, upheld by the Supreme Court in 1973, that made abortion legal, Roe’s namesake didn’t have or didn’t want an abortion. Today Norma McCorvey, Roe’s real name, has changed from pro-abortion to pro-life and she has started a pro-life ministry to help prevent the destruction of unborn babies.
In our own country, Planned Parenthood is the largest provider of abortions. According to the data released by Planned Parenthood in their annual reports up to 2006, the organization admits to the deaths of 4,068,749 babies in the womb since July 2, 1970, the day Planned Parenthood performed its first abortion in its newly opened first freestanding abortion clinic in the country.
Not only is the baby destroyed in an abortion, but the mother is also harmed. According to research (results published in journals, such

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.330418
Retrieved Text: It is a common task for the students to write essays on various controversial topics. One of the common ones is “Pros and cons of abortion”. Essay writing is essential for all the students as it facilitates developing skills required for their study, broadens the outlook, and extends their knowledge about essential topics. A diligent student knows how to do the needed research, get to know more, and present the views in a coherent essay. Even if the topic is challenging, like it is with an abortion essay, it is recommendable to the students to be persistent and at least make several attempts to work on the given topics. It is understandable that it is a tough assignment as writing an abortion argumentative essay requires extensive research and a lot of efforts; however, you will definitely succeed if you try. You can demonstrate that you are creative and thoughtful in your writing if you include your opinions and try to be innovative to make your essay original and unique. However, if you feel that for some reason it will not be possible, you can order an abortion essay from a reliable online service.
Approximately 46 million abortions are conducted on women yearly around the world. About a million of these abortions take place in the United States with the rate being highest among women of 15 to 26 years. Human life is said to begin at conception this makes the act of abortion an evil among the society. This is because abortion leads to the taking life

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.243183
Retrieved Text: This week, President Obama, the most pro-death President in the nation's history, leads the nation (with the help of the pro-baby killing media) in celebrating the 43rd anniversary of Roe vs. Wade. This is the Supreme Court decision that put the federal government in the business of legalized infanticide, with over 62 MILLION babies slaughtered in that time. Every 24 hours, apx. 4,000 innocent babies are "legally" murdered in this nation!
Abortion is a big deal. I am getting sick and tired of people telling me to stop talking about abortion. I am getting even more sick and tired of people like Rick Warren and others on the "religious left" who say talking about abortion is too divisive and that we need to stick to issues most people agree on like poverty and AIDS in Africa.
I fully understand why people don't want to talk about abortion. INFANTICIDE is not a pleasant subject! But we can't just be silent and act like it doesn't exist, especially due to the FACT that in the next 24 hours, another 4,000 innocent babies will be slaughtered in this nation!!!
I would love to stop talking about abortion. Let's get the US Govt out of the baby killing business and let each state decide whether they want to kill babies in their state. This will not end abortion, but it will at least not allow men and women treat it any longer like a trip to the dentist to have a cavity filled!
It will also cause the adoption industry to be reformed so

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.201916
Retrieved Text: Documents from three states indicate that babies may be born alive after abortions more often then we might expect. Published data for 2015 shows that ten babies in just Florida, Minnesota, and Michigan were reported to have been born alive following an abortion attempt. The documents indicate that many more may have been born alive after abortions in previous years.
A report from the State of Florida reveals that in 2015, at least four babies survived abortion attempts that year. The information comes from a report entitled “ITOP Report of Infants Born Alive, By County Where Terminations Occurred, Florida,” on file at the Agency for Health Care Administration.
According to a spokesperson from the AHCA, ITOP stands for “Induced Termination of Pregnancy.” The published data (which only goes back to 2014) showed that three babies survived an abortion in Alachua County and one in Jackson County in 2015. That same year, 5,132 elective abortions were reportedly performed on women during the 13th to 24th week of pregnancy. What happened to the babies is unclear, as no additional information was available from the report.
Florida law requires that “[a]n infant born alive during or immediately after an attempted abortion must be immediately transported and admitted to a hospital pursuant to s. 390.012(3)(c) or rules adopted thereunder.” The law also requires that any employee of a hospital, physician’s office, or an abortion clinic who is aware of a violation of the born-alive law report it.
Based on data reviewed for this article, most of the cases of live births following an abortion

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.074276
Retrieved Text: After the election in November, legislative leaders discouraged talk about what social issues the new Republican majority would pursue.
“If it doesn’t have anything to do with business and jobs, it shouldn’t be our first priority. If you don’t have a job, it’s hard to be involved in an abortion rally,” Rep. Kurt Zellers, the speaker of the Minnesota House, told MPR’s Gary Eichten.
“There’s a lot of important issues and we will get to them. But the priority now is the budget, jobs, and the economy,” Senate Majority Leader Amy Koch added.
Today, a bill restricting funding for abortion was submitted to the Minnesota Senate, co-sponsored by Koch. The bill, Senate File 103, is the first anti-abortion bill of the session (I’m not counting a bill for a Choose Life license plate).
Funding for state-sponsored health programs shall not be used for funding abortions, except to the extent necessary for continued participation in a federal program. For purposes of this section, abortion has the meaning given in Minnesota Statutes, section 144.343, subdivision 3.
..this court’s decision will not permit any woman eligible for medical assistance to obtain an abortion “on demand.” Rather, under our interpretation of the Minnesota Constitution’s guaranteed right to privacy, the difficult decision whether to obtain a therapeutic abortion will not be made by the government, but will be left to the woman and her doctor.
Abortion foes have long claimed — and the court acknowledged at the time — that the Minnesota decision provided guarantees beyond those conveyed by the U.S. Supreme Court in its Roe v.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.882828
Retrieved Text: In this, 40th year of legalized abortion in America, Hollywood and Planned Parenthood want you to know abortion is no big deal.
Apparently the figurative end of her life would be a bigger deal than the literal end of a baby’s.
No go. It’s her decision and she has made it. All she wants from her baby’s father is the money to kill it.
Maude, the character created by Norman Lear and played by Bea Arthur, was a 47-year-old mother of an adult daughter who was unprepared to start over to raise a child, and unwilling to face the risks of a late-in-life pregnancy. Her reticence at being pregnant was entirely understandable, so Mr. Lear and his writers must have assumed that her decision also would be perceived as reasonable.
To say the double episode “Maude’s Decision” was controversial is an understatement. Abortion was hardly mentioned on TV for more than 15 years after it aired.
Gradually, though, an abortion narrative has emerged. Ironically, it’s not the one that pro-choice advocates prefer.
Typically on TV, the pregnant woman goes through a period of emotional turmoil, during which abortion is portrayed as an understandable and reasonable option, but the tugs of maternal instinct — or sometimes the love between the baby’s mother and father — are seen as conflicting with the obvious convenience and practicality of an abortion.
Through the years, characters on TV who face the abortion decision have usually (and conveniently) miscarried or else backed out at the last minute and decided instead to carry their babies to term.
Men often are portrayed

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.865868
Retrieved Text: Abortion Survivor: How Many Lamborghinis Did Planned Parenthood Buy After Selling Aborted Babies?
Abortion survivor Gianna Jessen led off a Congressional hearing today looking into evidence that the Planned Parenthood abortion business sells aborted babies and their body parts. During the hearing, Jessen shared her story of surviving a saline abortion.
This is the first hearing in Congress’ multi-committee investigation of the abortion business after a series of nine videos exposed how it is potentially illegally selling aborted babies and profiting from the sales.
During her testimony, Jessen wondered how many Lamborghinis the top staff of the abortion business have purchased after selling aborted babies. The question hearkened back to one of the expose videos showing Mary Gatter, the Medical director at Planned Parenthood Pasadena and San Gabriel Valley in Calfiornia, who discusses selling aborted baby body parts with undercover investigators posing as officials with a biotech company that acts as a middleman to sell aborted baby body parts to universities and other places that conduct such research.
“How many Lamborghini’s were purchased with the blood of innocent children?” Jessen asked.
“Planned Parenthood receives $500 million dollars of taxpayer money a year, to primarily destroy and dismember babies. Do not tell me these are not children,” she said.
My biological mother was seven and a half months pregnant when she went to Planned Parenthood, who advised her to have a late-term saline abortion. This method of abortion burns the baby inside and out, blinding and suffocating the child, who is then born dead, usually within 24 hours.
Instead of dying, after 18 hours

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.592068
Retrieved Text: Congressman Bob Goodlatte (R-VA) has a post in the Red State blog today about his request that states provide information about Gosnell-like crimes. See post here: We must ensure this never happens again | RedState.
Hooray for Congressman Goodlatte, who holds the exalted position of chairman of the House Judiciary Committee. But why should it take an inquiry from Washington for New Hampshire women to find out what they’re letting themselves in for when they go to an abortion provider?
New Hampshire does not require collection of abortion statistics. Everything is “voluntary.” There is no attempt at all to collect information on post-abortion complications for women. Keeping track of born-alive babies? Nope. All the state will be able to report to Congressman Goodlatte is what public health authorities know, which is nothin’.
Instead of looking to the Beltway for enlightenment about what happens in New Hampshire, let’s look to Concord.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.425022
Retrieved Text: On Monday, I sat in the Philadelphia courtroom where abortionist Kermit Gosnell was being tried for murder. I was there as a representative of Americans United for Life (AUL), a pro-life group.
Gosnell is accused of snapping the spinal cords of four babies who survived botched abortions. He’s also on the hook for the 2009 overdose of a woman at his clinic.
In light of the facts revealed during the trial, it was a legitimate question. Gosnell responded with laughter.
The defense didn’t try to dispute the allegation that Gosnell snipped the babies’ spinal cords. The evidence was too clear — there were photographs, babies’ bodies, and several incidents described in testimony. Gosnell’s attorney simply argued that the babies were already dead when the snipping occurred.
This raises an obvious question: Why would Gosnell and his staff snip the necks of dead babies? Gosnell’s attorney suggested they were trying to alleviate some sort of pain. But how can dead babies feel pain?
Ultimately, Gosnell’s fate hinges on one question: Did he kill these third-trimester, fully formed infants while they were still inside their mothers’ wombs, or did he wait until they were delivered hours or moments later? The court’s answer to that question will determine whether Gosnell is guilty of murder.
Illogical? Yes. Incomprehensible? Absolutely. But our nation’s laws are radically pro-abortion. Only North Korea, China, and Canada regulate late-term abortion as loosely as the United States.
And then there’s what happened to Karnamaya Mongar, the wife and mother of four who had survived 20 years in a refugee camp in Bhutan only

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.4122
Retrieved Text: The recent election has exposed, among other things, how little liberal America understands those of us who identify as conservative or evangelical, particularly with respect to our position on abortion. The confusion has spawned a cottage industry of advice columns offering insight into the pro-life mind and tips for engaging pro-lifers who can’t otherwise be avoided. Commentaries typically reveal ethnocentrist slants with a tone resembling David Attenborough explaining the mating rituals of the common squirrel monkey.
A recent contribution to the field comes from Daily Kos, and seeks to equip liberals to challenge pro-lifers on religious grounds. Through the lens of block quotes from the noted authority on religion, “a Christian lady who was like a second mother to me,” the author makes four main points. She starts with a rhetorical question that--surely--will bedevil pro-lifers: would those pro-lifers, having harangued a pregnant woman into not aborting her child, “put themselves on the line to take care of that mother and child?” Second, she equates forced abortions in China to prohibiting abortion, contending that they’re both about taking away freedom from mothers. Third, she argues that when life begins is a matter of conjecture, not fact, although she explicitly assumes without any reasoning or sense of irony that it of course begins before birth. And fourth, pro-lifers can’t really be pro-life if they’re not against war and capital punishment.
Thus she concludes with the smug assumption that Daily Kos readers, who she assumes have intellectually transcended religion like butterflies liberated from their pupae, are now equipped to expose the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.338997
Retrieved Text: This election—and any election year—always carries a heavy, tense question among pro-lifers. The question is, can you ethically vote for a candidate you otherwise like if they are pro-choice? To those who are already pro-choice, such a question sounds narrow minded, but if you actually believe that a fetus has life and “is a person, no matter how small”, then it’s a valid question. After all, hopefully none of us, conservatives or liberals, would vote for any candidate who promoted killing the elderly, disabled, or a minority race. But when people compare abortions to the holocaust, they are warping the actual situation, and even hurting the pro-life movement.
And I am pro-life: I believe most (but not all) abortions approximate murder.
For now, let’s tackle the easiest argument. Post-viability, two babies could be the exact same gestational age, with the exact same development, but the healthier baby that has never seen the light of day or filled her lungs with oxygen is somehow not alive, while the less healthy baby hooked up to an NG tube, under weight, prone to mental and physical disorders, and with an underdeveloped respiratory system is alive. To suggest that babies the same age who are still in the womb are less fully human then babies outside of the womb is purely sentimental. It is only acceptable because we can see the born babies eyes flutter and his hands close around the fold of his blanket or our finger. We are touched by born babies, not unborn babies, so we project a difference

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.100662
Retrieved Text: Why is abortion defended as a “woman’s right” even among people of faith? How does a mother, father, or grandparent rationalize abortion? What has to happen to make people who acknowledge the Creator of life set themself in His place and take a life?
The ministry of Titus 2 for Life began after years of asking these questions. In order to make abortion “unthinkable,” we must honestly examine what happens prior to an abortion, including a “me first” mentality, promiscuity, loss of true identity, and failure to trust God. But is there, as one Titus 2 participant asked, a missing piece to the puzzle of abortion? Is there something so terrible that, in moments of fear and hopelessness, even Christian women and their families feel compelled to play the role of God?
Childhood sexual abuse (CSA) is, without a doubt, a missing piece in the abortion puzzle.
This statistic (and more) was researched by a Titus 2 participant whose heart was touched by the stories she heard following a retreat. She has been motivated to speak so that a culture can begin to prevent more harm, death, and hopelessness.
Titus 2 women gather to contrast the world with The Word. Abortion is a worldly idea, but God calls it a sin. What has to happen before the sin of abortion? Other sin.
Sin happens when we rebel against or fail to trust God. Sin happens when we let our sinful human flesh come under Satan’s authority. Sin happens when God’s people are silent about sinful behavior. Sinful humans caught up in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.075138
Retrieved Text: Yeah I saw some of those shares of “it changed my mind” and was like nope no way ugh guys.
haha wait what, the movie changed their mind?
or the fake banning changed their mind?
So the anti-abortion movie created a viral social media firestorm that hinges on their target market being idiots.
You're talking about people who take it on faith that Planned Parenthood rakes in jillions of dollars selling "baby parts" (and also, based on the examples they like to use, that the only women who ever seek abortions are childfree unmarried sluts -- nowhere in the world exists, say, a respectable married mama who thinks "My husband and I cannot afford more children than we've already got, yet I am unwilling to be celibate for the rest of my life").
The right o spheric part of my facebook feed was sharing a couple of articles about how the writer was a libertarian and so there was no way she would be interested in this movie then her friend made her go and it opened her eyes. She is still in favor of choice but she has so many more questions now. And so on. I assumed it was a campaign for believers to pass amongst each other - it hit too many notes.
Lol I just read the synopsis and it was apparently an abortion at 13 weeks gestation that converted her.
Oh and after being RTed by Pence, it starting posting QAnon memes.
I miss the days when knowledge of Alex Jones’ existence was limited to weird corners of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.977617
Retrieved Text: (L-r) Sentinels Kerry Luedke, Suzi Voyles, Katie Spee, Rob Spee (all from Georgia), and Heritage Action Regional Coordinator James Quarles went to Capitol Hill to support protection for babies who were born alive after a failed abortion attempt.
On Tuesday, pro-life members of Congress filed a discharge petition in the hopes of forcing a vote on the Born Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, which would protect babies born alive after a failed abortion attempt. Supporters need to build a bipartisan coalition of 218 lawmakers to sign a discharge petition that will force a vote on the House floor, circumventing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.
Heritage’s sister organization, Heritage Action for America, mobilized its grassroots army of activists, the Heritage Action Sentinels. On Wednesday, more than 50 Sentinels flew in to Washington, D.C. to meet with members of Congress and their staff to urge them to sign the discharge petition. According to Action, Sentinels will continue this momentum back in districts over Easter recess.
Some would have the conservative movement to scale back the abortion issue and focus elsewhere. How would you respond to them?
If not the unborn Americans, then who?
Infanticide is beyond the pale. Many things to be concerned about but when you kill your own, society is in deep trouble.
Stop killing babies born alive & stop funding Planned Psrenthood with tax payer’s dollars for abortions of any kind.
I can’t think of a stronger moral issue facing us than this one. It clearly defines and separates US from THEM.
The Born Alive Protection law should be promoted separately from the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.971537
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON — During his State of the Union address on Tuesday night, President Trump expressed a desire to “build a culture that cherishes innocent life,” and urged the passage of a bill that would ban abortions later in a woman’s pregnancy when children can feel pain. Reaction to his remarks have been mixed as some have denounced Trump’s words, asserting that his characterization of the New York abortion law was misleading, while others have said that his legislative goals should have gone further to outlaw abortion altogether.
“I am … proud to be the first president to include in my budget a plan for nationwide paid family leave, so that every new parent has the chance to bond with their newborn child,” he declared, receiving applause.
Trump then segued his comments about mothers and their newborns to the abortion bills that are the center of discussion in recent weeks.
“There could be no greater contrast to the beautiful image of a mother holding her infant child than the chilling displays our nation saw in recent days. Lawmakers in New York cheered with delight upon the passage of legislation that would allow a baby to be ripped from the mother’s womb moments before birth,” he said.
Trump was referring to the New York Reproductive Health Act that, as previously reported, not only enshrines the right to abortion in state law, but allows allows for abortion past 24 weeks—and without limitation—if the baby is not expected to survive or in instances deemed necessary to “protect” the life or health of the mother.
A

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.97062
Retrieved Text: As a mother and grandmother, I am horrified by these developments. I believe that life is beautiful and babies should be treasured. And as a legislator, I know that it is the essential role of government to protect the most vulnerable members of our society, not to end their lives.
The reality is that many children in the United States—and across the globe—face neglect, abuse, and the fate of being “unwanted.” Our goal as legislators must be to empower families, pregnant women, and children. I’m grateful that our country has taken seriously foster care, adoption, and family support services, protecting and supporting children no matter their background. For instance, a Republican Congress last year passed the Family First Prevention Services Act, reforming our foster care system to provide support to struggling families, and reauthorized the Maternal, Infant and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program (MIECHV), which provides support to mothers. I am now working to shine a light on the struggles that young women and families face when they become pregnant. This is a policy discussion worth having—but deciding whether or not to deny newborn babies lifesaving medical care is not.
To be clear, I am a proud pro-life advocate. Human life begins at conception, and I believe abortion is a grievous human rights abuse. But discarding and killing babies who have survived a late-term abortion chills me to the core. I could never have imagined that I would have to fight for infants to receive lifesaving medical care.
Yet here we are. Babies are truly the most vulnerable members

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.965961
Retrieved Text: 1) I saw this movie tonight. I know I'm preaching to the choir and I don't know if I have anyone on my friendslist who believes in outright banning of abortions, but this film, for those of you who don't know it, is about a young woman in Communist Romania and what she goes through to help her friend get an illegal abortion. I just can't stress enough the importance of films like this both to educate young people about their sexual choices, and to illuminate the reasons why we need to have accessible and safe methods of termination regardless of whether we think it is immoral, amoral, or otherwise. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone curious about the risks and methods involved in black market abortions.
--My grandmother died due to complications from a pregnancy that should have been terminated in a time when that was not a legal option.
--I went with my mother, and my mother said that this movie was eerily reminiscent of the experiences some of her friends had here in this country, in the 1960s.
--We talked at length of the difference of the portrayal of abortion in this movie vs. Juno.
2) On a lighter note, my father= only man in the world who buys his wife smoke detectors for Valentine's Day and doesn't understand why she doesn't find this an AMAZING gift.
This is why I love Roberta Gregory. In one of her comics, she drew about the risks of illegal abortions and it really, REALLY freaked me out. I can't

================



======= Instance Index 9 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Water from the surface seeps below the soil
- The water comes into contact with the rock below
- The rock over the years carves through the rock
- The space in the rock becomes larger and forms into a cave
- As more rather rushes through the cave becomes a cavern.

Question:
suppose the space rock is bigger happens, how will it affect more of a cave is formed.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.17575
Retrieved Text: I have seen multiple photos of cave passage during the years, but until recently and I hadn’t had the good fortune to visit the Prohodna cave personally. Quite surprisingly on Sunday, we decided to go there to see this phenomenon.
Where is the Prohodna cave?
One of the largest karst regions in Bulgaria is Karlukovsiyat gorge. It is full of rock bridges, caves, ravines, some rock monastery. Karlukovsiyat gorge is situated in northern Bulgaria in Lukovit. There is the longest cave tunnel in the country – Prohodna cave length of 262 meters. It was declared a natural monument back in 1962.
The cave is situated about 120 km from Sofia. Starting from the capital you should take the Hemus highway in the direction Lukovit, then to the village of Rumyantsevo. The village road deviates to Karlukovo. Shortly after Karlukovo, there is a sign that shows the direction to the cave passages. After about two kilometers there is a separate area where you can leave your car and you are going to get about 250-300 meters to the entrance.
The name of the cave speaks about its type – cave passage. On the one side is her big entrance, which is high as 45 meters, and the other – the small one with height 35 meters.
Entering the cave you will be fascinated by the scale of the space. Even pictures can not fully recreate the grandeur of this cave space. The passage is definitely not like other caves that we used to visit. It combines the coolness of the cave with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.95414
Retrieved Text: Material Availability This science fair project requires that you own or can borrow safety equipment, such as a hardhat and sturdy shoes, to wear in the cave.
Safety In this science fair project you will be visiting caves. Please exercise caution when working in caves because the ground can be slippery. Always stay on prescribed paths. Adult supervision is required. When exploring in caves, always take an adult. Let the authorities in charge of the cave system know about your project and that you will be working in the cave.
Caves have been used for much more than just exploring throughout Earth's history. Caves have been used for shelter, for religious purposes, and for burial sites. They were even used for food storage, before refrigeration, because they are cool and have constant high humidity. But how are caves formed? What causes those fantastic formations in caves? How do cave formations change as you go deeper in the cave? Get ready for an adventure as you visit a local cave and learn more in this science fair project!
To learn more about speleology, and to count the number of speleothems versus distance into a cave.
Science Buddies Staff. "Speleology: Counting Formations in a Local Cave." Science Buddies, 27 Jan. 2018, https://www.sciencebuddies.org/science-fair-projects/project-ideas/Geo_p039/geology/speleology-cave-formations. Accessed 25 Apr. 2019.
What do you think about when you hear the word cave? Do you think about a large, dark, scary place like Batman's Batcave? Caves are actually places of geological wonder and they are a variety of sizes. A cave is defined as an underground void large enough

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.579344
Retrieved Text: This was not a stroll on an asphalt path with handrails. We went on all fours, climbed ladders, and chimneyd cracks up.
The cave is just 50 meters long, but just last year, in October 2017, they discovered 350 meters more tunnels. On our climb, we got to see the entrance hole to the new parts, with a tempting ladder on the other side taking you down to the virgin cave. Sadly, that part cannot yet be visited. But it is interesting, a crack partially filled with water so it has to be navigated by an inflatable boat.
The cave has been formed when immense pressure from kilometres of ice pressing on rock cracked the rock, a process known as glacial tectonics. In the years after the crack formed, water seeping to the cave has also formed stalactites, but this is not a karst cave.
We also saw some life in the cave, two small crawlers and one all-white (but dead) spider.
More information about the cave, booking of tours, etc can be found on the Quebec's Speleological Society's web page.
Tämä artikkeli löytyy myös suomeksi Relaasta. All caving related articles can be found at planetcaver.net and all skiing related articles at planetskier.net.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.027912
Retrieved Text: From the world’s ‘Top 10 Coolest Cave’ to fascinating rock formations and dramatic golden cliffs – we’ve put together a guide to the best caves you can tour around the Algarve.
Tucked away on the southern coast of the Algarve, the Benagil ocean cave ranks as the world’s ‘Top 10 Coolest Caves’. Inside the vast grotto, a wide opening in the ceiling forms the biggest natural skylight in the Algarve, known as the Eye of Benagil. Colossal sea-facing holes, an indoor beach and large lagoons are also found in Benagil’s formation, formed 20 million years ago.
How better to explore such magnificent sights than on a catamaran? Boat tours depart from the Marina of Vilamoura, just 20-minutes away from Dona Filipa Hotel. Some Benagil tours even make stops for visitors to go swimming and snorkelling.
No collection of cave venues would be complete without including the popular Zorreira Cave. Most boat tours stop at Zorreira enroute to Benagil cave, which is just a short ride away. After enjoying fantastic views of the cliffs and rocky outcrops you will arrive at the open cave where there is a small beach surrounded by goldlike mineral deposits and columns of rock. In sunny conditions, the rocks around it give the sea an exotic, tropical blue tint, making Zorreira one of the most impressive caves of the boat tours in the Algarve.
The rock formations around the Marinha Beach have formed two rock arches. And due to their uniqueness, became a characteristic symbol of the Algarve, used on many postcards or tourist publications.
The best

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.918013
Retrieved Text: Cf. = confer (compare) with the following term which is not identical but related to it.
A word in brackets in the left-hand column is commonly used in conjunction with the preceding word without altering the meaning.
A word in bold is defined elsewhere in this list.
A word that blinks is a new addition.
Square brackets enclose statements not part of the definition but for special reasons included in the list.
ABNEY LEVEL A type of clinometer with a bubble tube used in cave survey to determine vertical angles.
ABSEIL (n.) A controlled descent of a rope using friction obtained by (1) wrapping the rope around the body in a particular way or (2) passing the rope through a karabiner or (3) passing the rope through a descender.
ABSEIL (v.) To do an abseil.
ACCIDENTAL (n.) An animal accidentally living in a cave.
ACETYLENE An inflammable hydrocarbon gas, C2H2, produced by water reacting with calcium carbide. When burnt, yields carbon dioxide as well as light.
ACTIVE CAVE A cave which has a stream flowing in it. Cf. live cave.
ADAPTATION An inherited characteristic of an organism instructure, function or behaviour which makes it better able to survive and reproduce in a particular environment. Lengthening of appendages, loss of pigment and modification of eyes are considered adaptations to the dark zone of caves.
AGGRESSIVE Referring to water which is still capable of dissolving more limestone, other karst rock, or speleothems.
ANASTOMOSIS A mesh of tubes or half-tubes.
ANCHOR A fixed object used to secure a man whilst operating a safety rope or for attaching equipment such as ladders or ropes.
ARAGONITE

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.818298
Retrieved Text: Fate, destiny,serendipity, whatever you choose to call it, do you believe in it? Do you believe that a cosmic force bigger than we can all imagine controls what happens to us? How much control do we really have over our own destiny? We can control what we do But we cant control what others do. What do you think?
i think we can't control what others do, sometimes we also can't control what we do. Sometime our decisions are not from our own wills. Many things affect what kind of life we want and what kind of person we want to be. Fate or destiny, I suppose, is really exist. But ordinary people can't organize it. To me I think I can't know it. So I ignore it and continue to do what I'm doing. The fate will come out by itself.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.654425
Retrieved Text: Mawjymbuin Cave in Mawjymbuin village is located about 45 kilometres from the Shillong District of Meghalaya. The cave itself is naturally formed and it has natural formations inside. The cave Mawjymbuin is approx 500 ft wide and 200 ft in depth, and the entrance of the cave is 4 meters high. The cave is less frequented by tourists hence, its best offbeat tourist destination.
Like most caves in the state of Meghalaya, this too is a limestone cave; and is marked by the characteristic features of limestone caves - stalactites and stalagmites. These conical rock formations are formed as a result of the constant seepage of calcium rich water through the porous limestone roofs of the caves. The Mawjymbuin cave was quite interesting and the highlight of the cave is a massive Shivalinga -like stalagmite near the opening of the cave, with a corresponding stalactite on the top called the Symper Rock.
Best time to visit in Mawjymbuin Cave during the rainy season, there are waters inside and makes the experience a complete different from other seasons. However, in every season, tourist will find waters dripping on from the cave. There are number of food stalls outside the cave serving snacks and hot beverages i.e. Hot Tea, Maggie Noodles and others things to eat.
Get quick answers from travelers who visit to Mawjymbuin Cave.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.459196
Retrieved Text: It’s old, complex, and filled with more boxwork than is found in all other caves on Earth put together. Any one of these qualities would make Wind Cave unique. Together they make it a world-class cave. And each component is essential to understanding how the cave formed.
A warm shallow sea covered the area about 350 million years ago. Fragments of seashells, made of calcium carbonate, built up over time on the seafloor and eventually became limestone. Bodies of gypsum, made of calcium sulfate, also formed during this time when arid conditions caused seawater to evaporate and the minerals to crystallize. The gypsum formed irregular shaped masses within the limestone. The resulting rock is known as the Madison Limestone formation, or locally as the Pahasapa (Black Hills) Limestone.
The gypsum masses were unstable. They grew and shrank as they absorbed and expelled water. This pressure fractured the gypsum and surrounding limestone. Like thick toothpaste, some gypsum squeezed into these cracks and crystallized in place. Later, water rich in carbonate ions converted all of the gypsum to calcite, or calcium carbonate. This set the stage for the cave and boxwork to form.
The oceans receded allowing fresh water into the region. This naturally acidic freshwater reacted with the bodies of gypsum. They were converted to calcite, creating sulfuric or sulfurous acid as a byproduct. These acids dissolved the surrounding limestone to form the first cave passageways approximately 320 million years ago.
After the first period of cave formation, seas again advanced over this area. About 300 million years ago, layers of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.190191
Retrieved Text: Rushmore Cave offers many exciting activities including cave tours, Soaring Eagle Zipline, adventure tours and gemstone mining!
The cave tours provide a fun and educational experience like no other. It reveals the beautiful and amazing carvings formed by nature. Explore subterranean passageways that lead to spectacular stalactite rooms and discover other natural limestone cave formations. An expert guide will lead you on a one-hour journey through local history, cave geology and the many untold stories that reveal the hidden world that lies beneath us. It’s a total must-do attraction for anyone visiting the Black Hills.
The walk itself is approximately 1 hour in length. Some stooping in places with a low ceiling and the ability to climb stairs are necessary. No reservations required.
New in 2011 is the Soaring Eagle Zipline at Rushmore Cave. The new attraction allows you to experience the sensation of flight while accelerating 700 feet down the mountainside on a suspended cable. You can even share the fun with a friend on the comfortable side-by-side seats!
The excitement doesn’t end at the bottom though – as the ride then pulls you back up the hill! Soaring Eagle is not a harness system – you will sit in a formed seat with a seat belt that then allows riders of all ages to share in the fun.
Ready for an extreme cave adventure? Try the Xpedition Adventure Tour at Rushmore Cave. You will navigate through areas off the main tour route that almost no one ever sees. Tour consists of a walking tour followed by a journey into

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.179937
Retrieved Text: Fingal’s Cave is located on the uninhabited rock island of Staffa, off the West coast of Scotland. This fascinating cave is formed from hexagon shaped basalt columns. The basalt formed into hexagonal columns when a lava flow cooled in the ocean. The lava flow that created Fingal’s Cave also created the amazing Giant’s Causeway rock formation in Scotland. In Gaelic, Fingal’s Cave is known as Uamh-Binn, meaning “cave of melody”, due to the lovely sounds made by echos of waves crashing inside.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.654594
Retrieved Text: B.T. Viola et al. A parietal fragment from Denisova cave. American Association of Physical Anthropologists annual meeting, Cleveland, March 28, 2019. C. Stringer.
Far out in the cosmos, a ghostly galaxy stands alone. It shines with only a faint glimmer of starlight, has hardly changed for eons — and astronomers have no idea why it's there or how it formed.
A team of researchers with Museum für Naturkunde and Charité—Universitätsmedizin, both in Germany, reports a case of a rare type of cancer in a 240-million-year-old stem-turtle fossil.
You have to learn to walk before you can learn to fly. That's the mantra of 1,000 Instagram motivational posts I've seen over the years, but it has its place in history, too.
Rumors about a Pixel Watch have abounded for years. Such a device would certainly make sense as Google attempts to prove the viability of its struggling wearable operating system, Wear OS.
The first stars in the universe are long gone, but their signatures may still be writ across space, buried in gas clouds like space fossils. And scientists believe they've uncovered one.
More than 20 years ago, paleoanthropologists began painstakingly excavating the rock-encased skeleton of an ancient hominid from deep inside a South African cave.
Earth scientists are able to travel far back in time to reconstruct the geological past and paleoclimate to make better predictions about future climate conditions.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.653229
Retrieved Text: Depicting stamps of the world with topic of Nature, Flora and Fauna.
The Slovak Post has issued the nature stamp feature the Ice Cave of the Slovak Paradise National Park on one single stamp. The issuance of the featured also in sheetlet stamp consisted of six stamps with pictures the part of the Ice Cave .
Dobšinská Ice Cave is located in the Slovak Paradise National Park in the Spiš-Gemer karst, in the cadastre of municipality Dobšiná. Cave entrance is on the northern slope of the Duča Hill at elevation of 969 m, near the village named Dobšinská Ľadová Jaskyňa.
Dobšinská Ice Cave was discovered on June 15, 1870 by Eugen Ruffiny accompanied by Gustáv Lang and Andrej Mega. The cave has been open since 1871. It was first experimentally electrically lit on July 10, 1881, then occasionally until 1887 and since 1887 it has been lit permanently. Dobšinská Ice Cave is among the largest and most important ice caves in the world; in 2000 it became the part of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage UNESCO.
The cave was formed as a part of bigger complex, the so-called Stratenská Nappe, by the river Hnilec in the Middle Triassic pale Steinalm and Wetterstein limestones, along the tectonic faults and interbed surfaces.
Dobšinská Ice Cave was formed approximately 400 thousand years ago, when the massive collapse separated it from this system. The cave obtained sack-like character with stagnation of cold air, enabling natural glaciations of the underground space.
Ice fill occurs in the form of floor ice, icefalls, ice stalagmites and columns. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.267023
Retrieved Text: After Ellora, the next stop obviously was Ajanta, the other UNESCO World Heritage Site in the region and it turned out to be a bit more demanding. Unlike Ellora there is no plane and broad space to walk around here. You just have to ascend and descent narrow stairs build on the edge of the hillocks and the caves also dot the same hills. It takes a bit of work to climb the stairs, especially in the unforgiving heat of central India. But there are porters who make a living by not only offering to carry the luggage but the tourists themselves. I was not sure what or how to feel about the same.
Coming to the caves, Ajanta offer two different attractions. Rock cut sculptures and paintings. The rock sculptures are sturdy and they are still in pretty good shape. But the paintings are seriously fading. In the caves with paintings you cannot use flash to take photographs as it can affect the fragile artifacts. Even the lighting provided inside is dim and almost insufficient to appreciate the paintings. But I guess there is no other way to elongate their life!
I am not getting into cave by cave details as it has been a few months and even I do not remember them properly. Besides, most of the extreme low light images turned out to be unworthy of publishing. What I personally liked are the paintings and frescoes depicting Jataka tales, mini stupas, giant Chaitya Hall and reclining Buddha statue.
I will be back with a detailed

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.190067
Retrieved Text: The precise erosional forms which the karst takes depends on many variables. The mechanical structure and chemical composition of the rock, the local climate and temperature range, and the amount of vegetation and rainfall a region has all determine how fast a carbonate landscape erodes. Karst along a seaside is quite different than that inland, and tropical karst does not resemble karst in temperate or sub-Arctic zones. Landforms in zones with earthquake activity are quite different than that in quiet zones, or places where mountain-building have turned the layers of carbonate rock on edge. Some karst is formed as a result of sulfuric acid welling up from below instead of carbonic acid percolating down from above. Some places in the American West are a mix of the two processes.
A spring is a natural resurgence of groundwater, usually along a hillside or from a valley floor.
A cave is an airfilled underground void, large enough to be examined in some way by man.
A sinkhole or sink is a collapsed portion of bedrock above a void. Sinks may be a sheer vertical opening into a cave, or a shallow depression of many acres.
A losing stream is one with a bed with allows water to flow directly into the groundwater system. There are many chert bottomed losing streams in the Ozarks.
A natural bridge or tunnel is a void beneath still standing bedrock, usually of short extent, and allowing human passage from one end to the other, at least part of the time. A natural bridge is somewhat shorter than a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.18661
Retrieved Text: Activity Charges / Entry Fee: INR 20 for Indians, INR 40 for Foreigners.
History Buffs and Experience Seekers.
Twenty five kilometres away from Kalpetta lays two caves which showcases nature’s skill and philosophy on architecture. These caves are located 1,200 m above the sea level on Ambukutty Mala. These caves have drawn great attention of archaeologists and historians worldwide. Edakkal caves are famous for its pictorial paintings (cave paintings), which are considered to be of 6000 B C. To reach the caves, one has to trek through the Ambukutty Mala. It will take around 45 minutes to climb the hill. You can sight carvings of human and animal figures and objects used by humans on the walls of the caves. These carvings give great evidence for a highly civilized society who lived in the pre-historic age.
The visiting time to Edakkal caves is from 9:00 AM to 4:00 PM. Edakkal Caves are situated about 16 kms from Sulthan Bathery and tourists have to trek up the Ambukutty Hill to reach the caves. The trek up the hill, peppered with coffee plantations, is worth an experience and it takes almost 45 minutes to climb the hill. You can reach the lower part of the Ambukutty hills via bus or car and from there you have to climb the hills. Until mid way of the hills, you can make use of the jeeps arranged by the DTPC. To enter the caves, you have to give an entry fee.
Amazing caves dating back to 4000 BC.
The Edakkal Caves are the only place in

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.995731
Retrieved Text: Although the phrase "melted rock" is used, technically the rock doesn’t melt at all. Instead the particles that form the rock change, causing crystals. Rocks that have melted are called metamorphic rocks. Metamorphic rocks are known as magma when they are under Earth's surface, and lava when a volcano expels them.
Heat is the most important factor affecting the melting point of rock. High temperatures cause the ions in the rock to move quickly, which results in a deformation of the rock. Rock melts when subjected to temperatures between 572 degrees Fahrenheit and 1,292 degrees Fahrenheit. Different types of rock, formed by different materials, will melt at different temperatures.
A great deal of pressure is inside Earth, which causes heat. Imagine rubbing your hands together very hard; this pressure causes heat. Something like this happens -- on a much-larger scale -- under Earth's surface, which is why magma exists in Earth’s core.
The higher the water content of the rocks, the lower the melting point, meaning that they require less heat to melt. The water mixes with the rock particles and speeds up the formation of crystals.
Certain types of rock, such as basalts, must be exposed to high temperatures for a very long time before they start to melt. This reaction is also dependent on the water content of the rocks -- basalts have a low water content; therefore, they take longer to melt. Also, the less pressure the rocks are subjected to, the longer it will take for them to melt.
Harris, Linda. "What Factors Affect the Melting Temperature

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.951908
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the third longest as well as most beautiful limestone grotto in America! Regarded also as the deepest one in the continent as well fifth longest on Earth, the Lechuguilla caves are among those eerie 80 grottos of the Carlsbad Caverns National Park in New Mexico. The cave is named so because of the ‘Agave Lechuguilla’ that belongs the Family Agavaceae and is seen growing at the entrance of the cave. All those who have visited the Lechuguilla caves including me consider them to be the most superb cave complex on the planet.
Although being among the largest cave complexes of the world with some 200 km of passages known until today, Lechuguilla is more known for its amazing formations like the extensive stretches of shimmering aragonite crystals, strikingly flowstone, amazing gypsum flowers emerging from the walls, and the largest gypsum crystals of the world formed in the marvelous Chandelier Ballroom. Lechuguilla Caves offer not only an excessive size, but also stuns the cavers via its great quantities of gypsum as well as lemon-yellow sulfur, astounding series of rare speleothems, soaring gypsum hairs and beards, high gypsum chandeliers, soda straws, cave pearls, hydromagnesite balloons, subaqueous helictites, u-loops, j-loops, and rusticles.
After descending a sheer rope, ladder, canal, and drain, one can manage to be inside the cave. Within, it is very cool at 68°F/20°C as compared to the roasting 105°F/41°C temperatures outside. Your more steps heading further will bring you almost 100% humidity ensuring a lot of sweat and absence of breeze. As you reach down the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.818375
Retrieved Text: Two black holes billions of light-years away are about to slam into each other, and it could gives us a front-row seat to an incredible event.
The scientific world is abuzz with news that two supermassive black holes that are circling each other and will collide in slow motion, releasing extraordinary amounts of energy, as we reported recently — but just what happens in this mysterious effect and how it does it affect the space-time fabric?
Scientists have spotted two black holes in the Virgo constellation billions of light-years away, spotting two quasars close to each other that seem to indicate the presence of two black holes circling each other at just a light-week apart, less than the size of our Solar System.
It’s not the first time supermassive black holes have collided in our universe’s history, but rarely has mankind been able to witness it about to happen. Most of the time scientists can only view the after-effects.
First, to understand what is really going on, you have to understand that supermassive black holes are often found at the center of galaxies — almost always, in fact. So when you see two supermassive black holes combining, you’re seeing two galaxies colliding and merging with each other, a tremendous cosmic event that is difficult for us to even comprehend.
The two black holes in particular are well within the galaxy merging process, circling each other at a very close distance, and after a period of time they will collide with each other, release a vast amount of energy and sending ripples

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.778757
Retrieved Text: I've been gone from the boards for a while, regrettably - my wife has had health issues and I've been focussing on helping her and doctor visits of late.
Perhaps for distraction and learning, I've looked at anomalies in PHOTOS taken of the MOON and of Antarctica. If you don't mind, I'd like to start a conversation on these observations.
Let's start with this coil observed evidently on the moon (below) in photo taken by the Chinese moon orbiter series called Chang-e. Actually, the video which shows this anomaly does not provide much detail regarding the provenance or location of the coil... I would like such information, if any can help on that.
IF this coil really appears on the moon, and can be observed again (repeatability is critical in good science), then it does tend to provide strong evidence for alien involvement - doesn't it? Certainly no earthling has placed such a half-buried coil on the moon!
Here is the video showing the "coil" above. I'm hoping there are more and better sources of information about this anomalous coil.
Looks more like a thermal coil. Some of those small turns are going into the moon itself. As if they had an underground hangout and needed some heat exchanger unit. Does not look like a coil in the electric sense. It is embedded into the rock formation so the rocks themselves could act as a radiant mass storage for when the sun is not direct.
And that center point is a chuck key for a giant drill press.
has some interesting detective work

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.390362
Retrieved Text: The Waitomo and Ruakuri Caves are located in a region of abundant limestone rock. The cave structures we see today began forming around 30 million years ago from the bones and shells of marine fossils, which hardened into sedimentary rock after collecting on the sea floor.
As the earth shifted and volcanoes erupted, huge slabs of limestone were lifted out of the sea. Over time, water flowed through cracks in the rocks, widening these channels until huge caverns were formed. There are approximately 300 known caves in the Waitomo region.
The stalactites, stalagmites and other cave decorations you can see in the caves are limestone crystal deposits, created as water drips from the roof or down walls. It takes hundreds of years for these decorations to form. For this reason it is important that visitors to the caves do not touch the formations, as they are fragile and easily discoloured or broken.
Find out more about Waitomo Cave decorations.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.359962
Retrieved Text: A red-rock stunner on the border of Arizona and Utah, The Wave is made of 190-million-year-old sand dunes that have turned to rock. This little-known formation is accessible only on foot via a three-mile hike and highly regulated.
The Navajo name for Upper Antelope Canyon is Tse' bighanilini, which means "the place where water runs through rocks." Lower Antelope Canyon is Hasdestwazi, or "spiral rock arches." Both are located within the LeChee Chapter of the Navajo Nation.
Part of the Lighthouse Reef System, The Great Blue Hole lies approximately 60 miles off the mainland out of Belize City. A large, almost perfectly circular hole approximately one quarter of a mile (0.4 km) across, it’s one of the most astounding dive sites to be found anywhere on earth. Inside this hole, the water is 480 feet (145 m) deep and it is the depth of water which gives the deep blue color that causes such structures throughout the world to be known as "blue holes."
Found deep inside a mine in southern Chihuahua Mexico, these crystals were formed in a natural cave totally enclosed in bedrock. A geode full of spectacular crystals as tall as pine trees, and in some cases greater in circumference, they are a translucent gold and silver in color and come in many incredible forms and shapes. The Crystal Cave of the Giants was discovered within the same limestone body that hosts the silver-zinc-lead ore bodies exploited by the mine and it was probably dissolved by the same hydrothermal fluids that deposited the metals with the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.326643
Retrieved Text: Our Rock Cave payday loan can help!
Are you an Rock Cave resident who is in need of quick cash to tide you over until payday? If so, then you need to consider payday loans to help you through the rough times.
As an Rock Cave resident, you have many choices in payday loan lenders you can choose from. You just need to fill out an application – either online or in person – to start the Rock Cave payday loans process. In most cases, once you’re approved, you can have the money in as little as 24 hours (or one business day).
Should Rock Cave Residents Get A Payday Loan?
The biggest reason – the number one reason – payday loans are so popular is that they fill the gap for immediate funds. For example, your car breaks down, and you’re told it’ll be $1,000 to repair it, so it works again. Payday isn’t until two more weeks. What do you do then? This is why Rock Cave payday loans became so popular. They addressed the unexpected issues that arise in your life.
Although the payday loans industry has received more negative backlash than positive, the stance still stands that they are an ideal solution to a financial burden. Of course, if you’re constantly faced with financial problems, you don’t want to get a loan in the hopes to fix it. Instead, you need to work on your overall budget and see what needs trimming. Rock Cave Payday loans are for people who absolutely have no other means to address

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.28978
Retrieved Text: Introduction to magazine feature Kids Page and accompanying "Learn a New Word" segment.
When water containing calcium carbonate and other minerals drips from the roof of an underground cave, stalactites and stalagmites are formed. Each drip from ceiling to floor leaves behind some minerals on the roof and drops some more on the floor beneath. Very slowly, the minerals accumulate, creating icicle-like rocks on the ceiling (stalactites) with pointed rocks sticking up from the ground (stalagmites). Once a stalactite and stalagmite grow together, they are called a column.
Stalactites and stalagmites take many thousands to millions of years to form and can be quite beautiful, because different minerals change the color of the rock. To see some examples, you can look at the Stone Showcase on page 19. Onyx comes from stalactites and stalagmites and the different dripping minerals form the patterns that can be seen in many of the Stone Showcase images.
We don’t know about you, but we’ve always thought stalactites and stalagmites were pretty cool. We also wish someone had told us we could make some of our own when we were in grade school! But it’s never too late, so former staffer, Brian, grabbed his niece and nephew and tried out the experiment outlined on pages 28-33. And we took pictures!
You can think of this as the same process on fast forward.
Put simply, a stalactite is a rock formation that hangs from the ceilings of caves, hot springs, and even man-made structures like mines and bridges.
As you already know, stalagmites are the counterparts or buddies

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.246717
Retrieved Text: Geologists study the history of our planet by examining the rock layers that make up the Earth's crust. Sedimentary rocks (those formed from the weathered remains of other rocks) are one type of rock that makes up the Earth's crust. One kind of sedimentary rock is limestone. It constitutes 10% of all sedimentary rocks, and occurs as striking outcrops, which often contain openings to caves. Although caves Woccur in several types of material (limestone, dolostone, granite, sandstone, ice, lava), the majority of caves are found in limestone. Our study of the geology of caves will take you through where caves occur in the United States, the major ways that caves form (through the action of carbonic acid and by sulfuric acid dissolution), and how they are decorated with cave formations (speleothems).

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.181105
Retrieved Text: A rock is a naturally occurring solid composed of one or more minerals. Considering that rocks comprise much of the Earth’s environment and the lithosphere (outermost shell of the planet), in a geological sense this is a critical area of study. However, in a less scientific context, rocks have been utilized by civilization throughout time and continue to be used today. For example, some uses (past and present) for rocks include tools, construction materials and in power plants to make electricity (coal).
1. Igneous Rocks: Igneous rocks, which can be further subdivided into plutonic and volcanic rocks, are rocks formed from the cooling and solidification of magma and lava. Plutonic rocks are formed within the Earth’s crust when magma cools and crystalizes. Conversely, volcanic rocks are formed when lava reaches the Earth’s surface.
2. Sedimentary Rocks: Sedimentary rocks are formed over extremely long periods of time by the sedimentation of particles which get blown or washed away to the bottom of water bodies. Sedimentary rock can be formed near the Earth’s surface as well when loose particles get pressed down into layers eventually forming rocks.
3. Metamorphic Rocks: Metamorphic rocks are formed when the forces of pressure and temperature transform the original form of a rock. Any type of rock, igneous, sedimentary or an already metamorphic rock, can have their physical and chemical properties transformed.
Big Bang Theory and the evidence supporting it? Also list reference for further research.
The James Webb Space Telescope is set to launch in the near future. Discuss the advantages that this telescope has over the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.161116
Retrieved Text: Last night we got snow, well, not really snow, more like a mix of snow and hail which I suppose might be called "snail." Anywho, the temperature overnight was down in the mid-twenties and it stayed there all day today. Bizarrely I woke myself up at five 0'clock this morning so I took the dogs out, ate a little breakfast and then decided to take a trip out to Multnomah Falls to see if the freezing weather had any affect.
There was still some snow on the ground and ice had formed in a few places but nothing truly spectacular. Given the early hour and the cold weather it was absolutely deserted so I was able to get a nice photo of the lodge at the base of the falls and a few other photographs from the gorge.
The lodge at Multnomah Falls.
A gentle stream at sunrise.
Looking down the Columbia River from Rooster Rock State Park.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.149794
Retrieved Text: The Universe is very big.
It is bigger than you. It is bigger than your planet. Why it is even bigger than your entire solar system.
What is interesting about the Universe is that it is bigger than everything there is. It is even bigger than anything you can imagine, because it includes you and your imagination. All your thoughts, dreams, and hopes and are just another part of the Universe.
It is the Mind of God.
Throughout all the light years that we have traveled and the hundreds of planets and places that we have visited, there is one common factor shared by all beings in all galaxies -- an uncommon love for the sounds of music. Whether it be the Artoofons on the planet Galumphrex or the ultra-dimensional Slinkions from Hypo-Space, one can count on the fact that they share the bond of music -- the beauty and grace of harmonic sound.
THE GREATEST HITS OF 2150 is a musical guide to many of the beings, places and things that exist in and around our Universe.
THE GREATEST HITS OF 2150 are the sounds of our Universe. We would like to offer our heartfelt thanks and gratitude to all those beings, from every planet and dimension, whose contributions have come together to create this sonic feast.
The Gynts are a remarkable race of beings that love to dance. They especially enjoy interstellar swing music and can often be found dancing in their caves late into the night. A Gynt will often dance to the point of exhaustion and then will drop

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.037266
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.009087
Retrieved Text: Situation: It is located 5 km southeast of Ürünlü Village which is 7 km from Antalya/İbradı, on the western slope of the deep and steep Manavgat Valley.
Transportation: By following the way Antalya-İbradı-Ürünlü Village, you can reach Altınbeşik Cave from Ürünlü Village.
Resource Values: Altınbeşik Cave has an underground lake which is the largest of Turkey and the third largest of Europe. Altınbeşik Cave, which is a horizontal and partly active cave system, was named from the Altınbeşik Hill located at the top. This region of the Taurus has a very complex structure both geologically and geomorphologically. The violent folds that formed the middle of the Tertiary period are followed by violent vertical elevations at the end of this period. Geological overthrusts, large fractures and deep excavated valleys are the result of this dynamic geological history.
Altınbeşik Cave was formed on the fractures in the upper cretaceous limestones. The cave developed at three successive levels. The lowest and the middle levels are active in rainy seasons; the highest level is continuously dried.
Altınbeşik Cave serves as a main underground brook where the underground waters of Eynif Polje in the north and a number of smaller ones in the vicinity are collected and evacuated. There are a lot of still ponds in the cave during the fall season. From sand and gravel deposits in the cave and stream hollows on the rocks, it is understood that the presence of the underground stream flows with strong current from the middle and lower levels in spring months.
At the top level of Altınbeşik Cave

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.982973
Retrieved Text: When it rains on the Swabian Alb, the rainwater dissolves the limestones. Cracks in the mountains are then widened to become passages and shafts. Finally, these processes led to the development of large cave systems within the rock. The water does not stay in the bedrock for long but quickly drains away via aquifers or even underground rivers. Since the end of the Tertiary, a barren karst landscape evolved − the Swabian Alb.
As a result of the dissolution of limestone inside the Swabian Alb, extensive and impressive cave systems were formed over millions of years. These are often adorned with rich stalactite and stalagmite formations. Because when the water containing calcium carbonate drips down from the cave ceiling, the calcium carbonate is precipitated again. Thin stalactites gradually grow down from the cave ceilings. When the water drop lands on the ground, stalagmites start to grow upwards over thousands of years until they both meet in the middle and form a column.
The opposite of what happens in cave formation is also possible and rock can be formed from water. Dripstone forms in the caves and tufa forms on the earth‘s surface. The calcium carbonate in karst springs, which mostly rise in the deeply carved valleys at the edge of the Swabian Alb, is mainly precipitated on mosses and algae. Although the plants become increasingly „petrified“ from below, they can continue growing upwards so that several metres of thick tufa deposit can develop. This highly porous limestone is quite striking on a number of older buildings. It can

================



======= Instance Index 10 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Carbon dioxide passes through stomata in the leaves
- Water is absorbed through roots
- Chloroplast cells in leaves contain chlorophyll
- Chlorophyll absorbs energy from sunlight
- Energy splits water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen
- Oxygen gets released into atmosphere
- Hydrogen and carbon dioxide used to create glucose
- Glucose is food for plants.

Question:
suppose less light to travel happens, how will it affect LESS sugar and oxygen being produced.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.733532
Retrieved Text: Know how travel can affect your blood sugar levels. You may need to adjust your insulin dose for safe travel.
Travel requires extra care. Plan your trip carefully, and consider the physical impact of changes in everything from climate to diet.
The effect of time zone changes on your diurnal pattern: How this affects the timing and dose of your medications or insulin.
Different foods: How this makes carbohydrate counting more challenging.
Change in activity (more or less than normal): How this will it be more or less than normal? And how that will affect your diabetes medication or insulin dose?
Discuss your travel plans with your provider. Go over how you may need to adjust your insulin dose for safe travel.
PLANNING A TRIP? KNOW HOW TRAVEL CAN AFFECT YOUR BLOOD SUGAR LEVELS AND HOW YOU MANAGE YOUR DIABETES.
Emergency contact information: name, telephone numbers, email, etc.
For specific information, contact the Transportation Security Administration at www.tsa.gov. For more information on travel, you can also refer to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
There is no one rule to adjusting insulin when traveling. It depends on the type of insulin you’re taking, the time zone changes and the time of day of the trip. Figure this out well ahead of time with your medical provider.
Self assessment quizzes are available for topics covered in this website. To find out how much you have learned about Travel Tips, take our self assessment quiz when you have completed this section. The quiz is multiple choice. Please choose the single best answer to each question. At the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.32135
Retrieved Text: Lack of sleep has been known to increase appetite due to higher levels of the stress hormone cortisol.
When you're sleep-deprived, the feeling of hunger doesn't seem to go away, which would lead to eating more and weight gain. So, naturally, you would gain weight if you have sleep apnea.
This is especially true if breathing difficulties or obstruction would cause you to have trouble sleeping or going back to sleep.
Why do you gain sleep apnea weight?
Most patients with sleep apnea are overweight or obese, although not true in all cases, for the same reason that lack of sleep can lead to unhealthy food cravings, as a result of sleepiness or daytime fatigue.
A 2004 study conducted by the Stanford University and the University of Wisconsin revealed that people who are sleep-deprived have hormonal imbalance.
Moreover, sleep deprivation can compromise insulin levels that, in turn, affect blood sugar management and production of Leptin, which is the hunger-regulating hormone.
If Leptin signals are few, higher amounts of ghrelin are produced, which is the hormone that tells the brain that it is time to eat.
Imagine how hungry you’d feel all day with all that added ghrelin signals. Suffice to say that problems with insulin levels can create a domino effect.
There is a correlation between obstructive sleep apnea and weight gain.
But there are also instances when being overweight leads to sleep apnea. Studies showed that extra tissue and fat in the neck area compress the airway and other parts of the body related to sleep apnea.
When this happens, organs and tissues would swell, leaving

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.183098
Retrieved Text: There are a range of Airnergy Spirovital Therapy devices available.
While these 3 machines all look similar they differ in the intensity of therapy they produce. The intensity of therapy produced depends on the number of activation units inside the device.
The Wellness Basis Plus device has two activation units, the Professional three and the Professional Plus ha ve four activation units.
The Avant Garde and Travel Plus both contain four activation units.
The activation units inside the device are part of the energy generation process. Each activation unit contains a wavelength of red light and a catalyst.
When air is pulled into the Airnergy device via a filter, the oxygen molecules are changed in the activation chambers from their normal triplet state to singlet oxygen.
Singlet oxygen lives for less than a nanosecond, goes back to its ground state and as it does so releases energy.
The more activation units in the Airnergy device, the more energy is therefore produced.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.876541
Retrieved Text: There is no doubt that the amount of dissolved oxygen in the water has a major impact on fish behaviour and survival. What actually is dissolved oxygen though, where does it come from and what happens if there is insufficient available?
“Dissolved oxygen refers to the level of free, non-bonded oxygen present in water or other liquids. The red arrows indicate the free oxygen (O2) in the image below. It is an important parameter in assessing water quality because of its influence on the organisms living within a body of water. In limnology (the study of lakes), dissolved oxygen is an essential factor second only to water itself. A dissolved oxygen level that is too high or too low can harm aquatic life and affect water quality.
Dissolved oxygen is the presence of these free O2 molecules within water. The bonded oxygen molecule in water (H2O) is in a compound and does not count toward dissolved oxygen levels. One can imagine that free oxygen molecules dissolve in water in much the same way that salt or sugar does when it is stirred.
Dissolved oxygen is necessary to many forms of life including fish, invertebrates, bacteria and plants. These organisms use oxygen in respiration, similar to organisms on land. Fish and crustaceans obtain oxygen for respiration through their gills, while plant life and phytoplankton require dissolved oxygen for respiration when there is no light for photosynthesis. The amount of dissolved oxygen needed varies from creature to creature. Bottom feeders, crabs, oysters and worms need minimal amounts of oxygen (1-6 milligrams

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.870314
Retrieved Text: Driving question: How do cows use energy to move? What is the hidden chemical change when cows move?
Scapular Kinematics: So how is the scapula supposed to move?
DRIVING QUESTION: WHAT IS SELECTIVE BREEDING?
Driving question: How do cows use energy to move?
What is the hidden chemical change when cows move?
How do oxygen and food help a cow use energy to move?
Making the Reactant Molecules: Sugar and Oxygen Cellular respiration occurs when sugar (C6H12O6) reacts with oxygen (O2). Make a molecules of sugar and oxygen on the reactant side of your Molecular Models poster: 1. Get the atoms you will need to make your molecules. Can you figure out from the formula for sugar how many C, H, and O atoms you will need? 2. Use the bonds to make models of a sugar molecule (C6H12O6) and at least 6 oxygen molecules (O2, with a double bond) 3. Identify the high-energy bonds (C-C and C-H) by putting twisty ties on them. How many high energy bonds does a molecule of sugar have? 4. Compare your molecules to the pictures on the next slide. Are they the same?
Photo of reactant molecules: H6C12O6 (sugar) Start by making the molecules and energy units of the reactants and putting them on the reactants side, then rearrange the atoms and energy units to show the products.
How many O2 molecules do you need to combine with one sugar molecule? How many CO2 and H2O molecules are produced by respiring one molecule?
Remember, atoms last forever. So you can make and break bonds, but you still need

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.600964
Retrieved Text: Home/Editors’ pick/How Do Turtles Live So Long?
Turtles live a ridiculously long time. The oldest known turtle — a Seychelles giant tortoise named Jonathan is 186 years old and still kicking! Galapagos tortoises have produce healthy, viable young past their 80th birthday. And even smaller species can live for half a century, as long as they aren’t eaten or run over first.
Scientist aren’t 100% sure how these animals live so long but a lot of it seems to build down to preventing wear and tear to the body. In most species, including ours, the odds of dying go up as you get older. That’s because our bodies just kind of deteriorate over time.
Like many machine, parts slowly wear down, and that eventually leads to some kind of catastrophic failure. But that’s now always the case in turtle, in some, being old means they are less likely to croak. And they can even still have healthy offspring.
This ability to stay alive and have healthy babies despite being old is called negligible senescence. And though some of the details are still unclear, it seems turtles pull this off thanks to a remarkable tolerance for oxidative stress. That’s the harm to cells that happens due to react oxygen species or ROS: a family of oxygen-containing compounds that really, really like interacting with other molecules.
The accumulation of this damage, especially to neurons and immune cells, is thought to drive raging. But reactive oxygen species aren’t evil, they are produced all the time, like in the calorie burning process that turns food into cellular

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.466198
Retrieved Text: How Can Gastric Bypass Surgery Affect Diabetes?
Millions of people suffer from type-2 diabetes, the most common form of the condition. Unfortunately, type-2 diabetes is also one of the most common comorbid conditions associated with severe obesity. The good news is: weight loss surgery can significantly reduce obesity-related health conditions such as type-2 diabetes, gastroesophageal reflux disease, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, and others. When it comes to type-2 diabetes, one bariatric surgery option in particular has shown to virtually eliminate the disease in a large majority of patients: the Roux-en-Y gastric bypass procedure.
Gastric bypass surgery is one of the most popular weight loss surgery treatments available, and has helped individuals the world over successfully lose large amounts of weight and start living healthier, happier lives. This procedure is known to result in a dramatic reduction of type-2 diabetes. In fact, gastric bypass surgery has been shown to produce total remission of the condition in at least 80 percent of patients.
Recent research into gastric bypass surgery’s effect on diabetes may shed some light on how blood sugar levels seem to quickly go back to normal for many patients after the procedure. Gastric bypass surgery involves reshaping the stomach and re-routing the intestines to help patients feel full after eating less food. This also limits the body’s absorption of calories and nutrients. The research indicated that a molecule that helps the utilization of glucose in the body (which can decrease blood sugar levels) may be produced by the small intestine after it has been attached to the stomach

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.42739
Retrieved Text: Dementia is not one specific disease; it is a collection of symptoms that are caused by disorders affecting the brain, altering thinking, behaviour and the ability to perform everyday tasks. Most people with dementia are older (65+ years); however, it is not a normal part of ageing. In Australia, there are currently more than 353,800 people living with dementia, with 25,100 of those being Australians with Younger Onset Dementia. This dis-ease causes damage to the nerve cells in the brain and is the second leading cause of death in Australia. On average, symptoms of dementia are noticed by families at least three years before a firm diagnosis is made.
Keep your brain healthy and active!
Our brain requires high levels of nutrients and oxygen – therefore, ensuring good blood supply to and from the brain is essential. Ensure your blood vessels are healthy, diet and digestive system are in order, regular exercise (preferably outdoors to increase oxygen levels) as well as adequate sleep are essentials. A major source of energy for the brain is sugar or glucose. As the following article explains, diabetes can also affect the brain. When this happens, the receptors for sugar become diminished leading to brain starvation. Other than sugar, the brain can also function on ketones which the body makes by breaking down fats. Dr Mary Newport explored the role of coconut oil in the production of ketones to help alleviate impaired brain function. Speak to your naturopath regarding good nutrition for the brain – remember Alzheimer’s and Dementia have their origins many

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.353489
Retrieved Text: Diabetes is a serious disease that can affect your eyes, heart, nerves, feet and kidneys. Understanding how diabetes affects your body is important. It can help you follow your treatment plan and stay as healthy as possible.
How do health problems from diabetes begin?
If your diabetes is not well controlled, the sugar level in your blood goes up. This is called “hyperglycemia” (high blood sugar). High blood sugar can cause damage to very small blood vessels in your body. Imagine what happens to sugar when it is left unwrapped overnight. It gets sticky. Now imagine how sugar “sticks” to your small blood vessels and makes it hard for blood to get to your organs. Damage to blood vessels occurs most often in the eyes, heart, nerves, feet, and kidneys. Let’s look at how this damage happens.
Eyes. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for a long time can harm the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. This can result in vision problems or blindness.
Heart. High blood sugar may also harm larger blood vessels in your body that supply oxygen to your heart and brain. Fat can build up in the blood vessels as well. This can lead to a heart attack or stroke.
Nerves. Nerves carry important messages between your brain and other parts of your body. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for many years can damage the blood vessels that bring oxygen to some nerves. Damaged nerves may stop sending pain signals.
Feet. Diabetes can harm your feet in two ways. First, it can

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.174301
Retrieved Text: Ozone oxidises combined chlorine and bromine, freeing them to be continuously re-used. Therefore the use – and cost – of chemicals is greatly reduced.
Ozone destroys algae, viruses and bacteria on contact – with no harmful by-products. It also breaks down harmful chemicals and acts as a flocculent, causing Total Dissolved Solids to be suspended and easily removed by the water filtration process.
Ozone gas is basically an active form of oxygen that reacts with bacteria, viruses, algae, and other impurities in the water. At its low concentration levels in the water it has no effect on your skin and eyes.
Many municipal water purification plants use ozone to treat drinking water.
When the ozone gas dissolved in water comes in contact with impurities it oxidizes them as chlorine chemicals do. It also causes particles, body oils, and suntan oils, etc. to clump so the filter can remove them more effectively.
Most ozone purifiers for pools and spas use only about 0.5 amperes when they are running. This is about the same amount of electricity a 60 watt light bulb uses. Since the ozone generator unit only runs when the filter pump is operating the total amount of electricity used is not great.
The ozone kit is installed in the existing pool or spa filtration plumbing. There are several basic designs of ozone generators but they all inject the ozone gas into the pool water through a small tube.
The concentration of ozone gas is strongest at the point of entry for effective purification. An ozone system is not actually "no-chemicals" because you

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.021364
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know Photosynthesis?
1. Which of the following are capable of photosynthesis?
Photosynthetic organisms include higher plants, some bacteria, and some algae. Photosynthetic organisms are also known as photoautotrophs because they can make their own food from sunlight.
2. In plants, photosynthesis occurs mainly in the ____ .
Photosynthesis primarily occurs in plant leaves in organelles known as chloroplasts.
3. Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce oxygen, water, and _____ .
Plants use carbon dioxide, water, and sunlight to produce glucose, water, and oxygen. Glucose is used for energy and oxygen is released into the atmosphere. Oxygen is used by many organisms for cellular respiration.
4. This green pigment captures the sun's energy in photosynthesis.
Chlorophyll a and chlorophyll b are produced in chloroplasts and are the pigments of photosynthesis.
5. Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Light reactions in photosynthesis mostly occur in grana. These are dense layered stacks of thylakoid sacs found in plant chloroplasts.
6. Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in which part of the chloroplast?
Dark reactions in photosynthesis occur in the stroma. Stroma is dense fluid within the chloroplast where reactions occur to produce carbohydrates.
7. Dark reactions in most plants occur during the day.
Dark reactions occur during the day in most plants. Dark reactions are light-independent and use energy molecules generated in the light reaction phase to produce carbohydrates.
8. In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to ____ .
In the Calvin Cycle, carbon dioxide is converted to the sugar glucose. These reactions occur in chloroplast stroma.
9. Both ATP and NADPH

########
Rank: 11
Score: 30.00019
Retrieved Text: I heard mostly ill reviews of this buzzy treat. Mostly just the “it has 59g of sugar” comments. I suppose I shouldn’t have let that affect my opinion pre-tasting, but I braced myself none the less and boy, was that not necessary.
Just a quick disclaimer: I’m not here to tell you it’s healthy, I’m here to tell you it’s delicious.
It’s kind of like drinking a sour patch kid, in reverse. It starts off sweet, delicious and amazing but the topping on the whipped cream?
All was merry until I hit the whip, but thankfully I was warned by a coworker right before I finished my delicious treat that this would be the case, so I enjoyed the drink and the topping separately (read: I enjoyed the drink and disposed of the topping).
Want to take it s step further? A tall frapp cuts the damage down by a significant amount more and honestly, the beverage is pretty sweet as is, something tells me you’ll still get your sugar fix with 4oz less.
This option will bring you down almost a whopping 220 calories and 22g less of sugar; that is 38% less sugar than the original 59g count (it’s still not healthy to have on the reg, but it’s far better than the alternatives if you want to give this delicious drink a try – and I still believe you should, #treatyoself).
The only thing swirling this drink will do is mix “sour birthday cake” (a good description provided by my coworker) with a delicious, fruity treat.
Skip the whip and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.843857
Retrieved Text: We use electricity for many purposes, from cooking to powering our televisions to charging our cell phones. Wherever we travel in the United States, we want electricity to be available. What we also want (although we usually don't think about it) is for the electricity supply to be the same wherever we go. We want the same voltage (110 volts for the U.S.) to come from the outlet to whatever we plug in. If the voltage is less, the system will not work. If it is more, the equipment will be damaged. We want a definite amount of voltage - no more and no less.
The discovery that mass was always conserved in chemical reactions was soon followed by the law of definite proportions, which states that a given chemical compound always contains the same elements in the exact same proportions by mass. As an example, any sample of pure water contains \(11.19\%\) hydrogen and \(88.81\%\) oxygen by mass. It does not matter where the sample of water came from or how it was prepared. Its composition, like that of every other compound, is fixed.
Another example is carbon dioxide. This gas is produced from a variety of reactions, often by the burning of materials. The structure of the gas consists of one atom of carbon and two atoms of oxygen. Carbon dioxide production is of interest in many areas, from the amount we breathe to the amount of the gas produced by burning wood or fossil fuels. By knowing the exact composition of carbon dioxide, we can

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.660574
Retrieved Text: Photosynthesis and aerobic respiration are both part of a cyclic process of biochemical reactions. Photosynthesis requires the products of aerobic respiration (carbon dioxide and water), while aerobic respiration requires the products of photosynthesis (glucose and oxygen). Together, these reactions are involved in how cells make and store energy. The energy transfers in both processes and in how the gas exchange between oxygen and carbon dioxide occurs and the end products that result from each process are somewhat opposite processes, thus aerobic respiration and photosynthesis are in some ways complete opposites of each other. Photosynthetic organisms such as plants use solar energy to reduce carbon dioxide into carbohydrates. During respiration glucose is oxidised back to carbon dioxide, in the process, releasing energy that is captured in the bonds of ATP. Although these two energy producing processes differ in their uses and also their goals, they do have several similarities.
Photosynthesis is a chemical process that takes place in the presence of sunlight, wherein plants manufacture their food and build stores of energy. This phenomenon occurs in chlorophyll containing plant cells. Chlorophyll is a pigment found in plant leaves that gives the plant its green colour. Chlorophyll absorbs the light energy and utilises it to produce carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water. These carbohydrates produced are used by the plants as a source of immediate energy for growth, reproduction, and absorption of nutrients. The chemical reaction produces oxygen which is released into the atmosphere.
Occurring in the chloroplast light reaction converts solar energy to chemical energy of ATP and NADPH.The

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.608276
Retrieved Text: Environmental pollution is simply the addition of harmful substances to our environment. It comes in number of forms, and impacts everything from water sources to the food we eat to the air we breathe. While some forms of environmental pollution may have less of an impact than others, its impact on the atmosphere and our oceans is drastic.
Air pollution is caused by things like burning fossil fuels, driving cars, cutting down trees that filter carbon dioxide out of the air, and using certain harmful sprays. There are also more natural sources of air pollution, like the gases emitted by volcanoes, forest fires, and swamps. Even cows contribute to polluting the atmosphere, as they make large amounts of methane.
Most of the harmful gases produced in these ways - especially carbon dioxide - are called greenhouse gases because they turn the earth’s atmosphere into something like a greenhouse. Normally, our atmosphere works by letting in light and heat from the sun, trapping some of that heat close to the planet, and releasing the excess back out of the atmosphere and into space. Greenhouse gases trap that heat on earth instead of letting it pass back out into space, which means that the planet is slowly getting warmer.
Along with greenhouse gases, there are certain gases that are released by plastics, coolants, and certain propellants (like what you’d find in a can of hairspray) that decrease the amount of ozone in the atmosphere. Ozone is a natural part of our atmosphere, and it filters out many of the harmful kinds

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.4725
Retrieved Text: Aim: Various metal oxides will be added to the hydrogen peroxide and the production of oxygen of the reaction mixture will determine catalysis. The volume of oxygen evolved will be observed and recorded to measure the reaction rate and the reaction rates of the different metal oxides will be compared.Scientific Background: Catalysis is the process by which the activation energy is lowered to allow the reaction to occur at less extreme conditions, during the process the catalyst does not under go any overall change. The catalyst reduces the activation energy by using a chemical route with activation energy less then the route, which would otherwise be taken in the absence of the catalyst. During catalysis the reacting substance usually undergoes a change or changes in oxidation state, therefore the catalyst must also be able to change its oxidation state. The s & p block metals possess or exhibit only one oxidation state. The reason being that their oxidation state depends on the removal of electrons from their outermost shell.The further removal of electrons will result in the penetration of stable inner shells that are filled with electrons. This would require an excessive amount of energy. As a result of this, the catalysts are not able to enter their different oxidation states and this therefore does not allow them to successfully act like a catalyst. Transition metals can form ions, which have D orbitals, which are partially filled with electrons. D orbitals are the outer most shells and they can hold up to 10 electrons and they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.452923
Retrieved Text: Boston, MA -- (ReleaseWire) -- 04/19/2018 --Earth Day on April 22 is a good reminder that preserving the health of the earth ensures a brighter future for us all. Want to do something simple that will protect your health and the earth's too? Take algae.
Algae is not only the most nutrient-dense food on the planet, it is also the most eco-friendly, sustainable food in the world. Since your health and the health of the earth are closely connected, your food choices affect the health of the planet and vice versa. Taking ENERGYbits algae tablets instead of fish oil, supplements or processed snacks is one of the healthiest and easiest ways you can improve the health of the earth and your own health too.
Algae helps improves air quality. Did you know algae provides up to 80% of the earth's oxygen and removes CO2 from the air? Algae contain light-absorbing chloroplasts and produces oxygen through the process of photosynthesis. Algae is so efficient at producing oxygen that scientists are considering relying upon it for future oxygen production on Mars.
Algae helps protect our oceans. Algae is where fish get their omega-3 from and 95% of all omega-3 comes from fish oil. However the high demand for fish oil has led to environmental problems, over-fishing and coral reefs being irreversibly destroyed. According to reports from the United Nations Fisheries and Agriculture Organization, if this doesn't stop soon, the global fishing industry could collapse by 2048. Want to help prevent this? Simply stop purchasing fish oil and get your omega-3 from

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.423769
Retrieved Text: Climate-driven changes in upwelling, ocean mixing, oxygen minimum zones, and nutrient cycling are likely to affect the year-to-year variation in ocean ecosystem processes. These changes will potentially impact marine life and the fundamental underpinnings of fisheries from shallow to deep-sea habitats. MBARI’s technical achievements and knowledge are transforming climate change research with novel methods and technologies.
Human activities are changing the ocean on a global scale, with seawater in some regions becoming warmer, more acidic, and less well mixed. One possible result of reduced ocean mixing is that nutrients, which act like fertilizer for marine algae, could become less available near the sea surface.
Diverse groups of microscopic marine algae provide oxygen for the Earth’s atmosphere and form the basis for ocean food webs. Learning how they respond to variations in ocean conditions is key to understanding how ocean ecosystems change over periods from months to decades.
The Marine Microbial Group at MBARI are growing steady-state cultures of algae under precisely controlled levels of light, temperature, and nutrients to simulate various ocean conditions. The researchers then use sophisticated genomic techniques to help visualize growth and stress in the ocean. These findings allow the researchers to go out into the field and probe the real-time experience of algae with much greater sensitivity than has ever been possible before.
May 20, 2017 – An acidic ocean has been shown to affect many species, but the impacts on entire communities are more complicated.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.331259
Retrieved Text: After a couple of pre-dawn CTD casts this morning, we slowed down to make measurements in the vicinity of the French CARIOCA buoy. We have finally left the patch that we’ve spent nearly 3 weeks chasing around this area of the South Pacific. We started to see increases in the number of phytoplankton cells toward the end of the patch experiment. It has been hypothesized that once the many cloudy days finally broke into sunshine, the phytoplankton were no longer light limited. But as always in science there are certain to be other contributing factors to the growth limitation of the phytoplankton. Possibly low levels of other trace metals besides iron contributed to the growth limitation.
We are now steaming to the first of 2 biophysical moorings that require servicing. Here we will also be taking water samples for the same suite of analyses that we have been performing on the patch water.
As for myself, I’ve been continuously monitoring the amount of total dissolved gas and oxygen in the surface ocean through the Tangaroa’s seawater supply. I’m also doing titrations for the analysis of oxygen, using the Winkler method, to keep the oxygen sensors on the CTD and in my underway system in calibration.
Coming into this experiment we expected to see significant increases in the amount of oxygen in the ocean produced by active phytoplankton. The grazing by zooplankton has seemingly kept pace with any increased phytoplankton biomass and as a result this expected increase in oxygen hasn’t been observed. The extreme weather we’ve had during the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.268997
Retrieved Text: The computer simulation shows a representation of two parts of the process that makes up photosynthesis: light reactions and dark reactions The start of the light reactions are represented by the breakdown of 2 water molecules into 1 oxygen molecule in the presence of light being absorbed and the resulting transfer of the hydrogen atoms to the inside of the chloroplast. When this happens, electrical charges (or lighting bolts) will be shown inside of the chloroplast in the simulation; this is to represent the idea that some sort of potential or electrical energy to is being built up in the chloroplasts. The dark reactions are represented when 2 carbon dioxide molecules are converted into 1 oxygen molecule, and the rest of the atoms are used to build a larger molecule of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen atoms (harvested from the light reactions). This growing molecule of C, H, O eventually forms into glucose which is then released from the chloroplast. Because this process is modeled in two parts, the total number of oxygen molecules produced may exceed the number of carbon dioxide molecules used up at some points in the simulation. But this would be consistent with the two part set of steps (light reactions and dark reactions) that occur in photosynthesis.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 29.167353
Retrieved Text: Metformin is a medication that is utilized by people with Type 2 diabetes to maintain healthy blood glucose levels. When taken at strategic times during the day, the drug helps to support the body’s use of carbohydrates in a manner that minimizes blood sugar spikes. When used in conjunction with a sensible diet and regular exercise, this medication can allow diabetics to enjoy many more years of good health without the damage to various body organs that normally result from constantly having high blood glucose levels.
The medication is available as part of a number of different formulas, such as Glipizide and Glyburide, or may be obtained as a stand-alone medication for treating diabetes. One of the more common trade names for the drug in a number of countries is Glucophage. A number of drug companies produce generic products that are marketed simply as metformin, with the cost of the generic versions being considerably less than the name brands.
Metformin helps to minimize blood sugar spikes by blocking the release of glucose in the liver. This means that less glucose enters the bloodstream and is unable to result in the undesirable effects that higher blood sugar has on the function of the eyes, heart, and lungs. In addition, metformin is also helpful in increasing the sensitivity of the body to the insulin that is produced by the body, allowing the individual to obtain greater benefits from that limited amount of insulin release. The end result is that people who are prone to blood sugar spikes are less likely

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.082497
Retrieved Text: A study of elite race walkers shows that a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet will slow their race times and training (J of Physiology, February 14, 2017).
• The high carbohydrate and the alternate-day high-carbohydrate groups improved their race times. The LCHF group did not improve.
• The LCHF group burned a greater percentage of fat during intense exercise.
• The LCHF group required more oxygen to exercise intensely at 80 percent of their maximum speed for two hours. The LCHF diet forced the athletes to burn more fat and less carbohydrates so they required more oxygen, and therefore had to slow down.
Your muscles burn primarily fat and carbohydrates for energy. You have enough fat stored in your body to exercise for many days. However, you can store only 1600-2000 calories worth of sugar (carbohydrate) in your muscles and liver, and will start to run out of your meager supply of sugar after 70 minutes of intense exercise.
The faster you move, the greater percentage of sugar that your muscles use for energy, so restricting carbohydrates (your source of sugar) and forcing your muscles to burn more fat slows you down in both training and racing. The key to improving your speed over distance is to move very fast in training. Anything that makes you train at a slower pace limits your improvement, and of course, anything that slows you down in a race can make you a loser.
In another study, competitive bicycle racers ate a high-fat or high-carbohydrate diet for six days followed by a high-carbohydrate diet for one day and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.076292
Retrieved Text: Got questions about baking with different sugars?
Most of us are familiar with refined white sugar made from sugar cane or sugar beets, but today you’ll find many other types of sugars in the baking aisle. Each one has its own unique flavor. Some contain additional nutrients, but the amounts are often so small that there may be little health advantage in choosing them over refined sugar. And because all sweeteners are made up of mostly sugar, the amount you eat is likely more important than the type. But choosing a variety of options is still solid health advice. Let’s begin to learn more about these popular sweeteners.
Substitutions for 1 cup sugar are approximations – you’ll definitely want to experiment first!
Coconut sugar is a minimally processed sweetener made by dehydrating the sap directly from palm tree flowers. This simple process is thought to retain many beneficial phytochemicals. And because it doesn’t come from an actual coconut, it tastes like brown sugar with a touch of caramel.
Produced from the agave plant, agave syrup, also called agave nectar, tastes and acts similar to honey. Many experts have argued that agave syrup is metabolized more slowly than table sugar, but that argument has been disputed. Agave is actually more calorie dense than table sugar but it is also much sweeter – meaning you will want to use less agave than white sugar in your recipes. When it comes to color – light, amber or dark – it is thought that raw agave and darker varieties may retain more of their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.073856
Retrieved Text: It takes 10-14 days for your new red blood cells to mature and your body to fully adjust to altitude.
A lot of people have been asking me recently how to prepare for either a hunt or shooting competition at altitude. It’s never fun getting to altitude and suffering from altitude sickness or missing out on a day of hunting or competition because you aren’t feeling well. We all know that altitude affects even the best of us and it takes some proper planning to be able to perform at your best.
With the 2014 Rocky Mountain 3-gun World Shoot under way and big game hunting seasons rapidly approaching this fall, many people are wondering how they are possibly going to prepare and manage their competition or hunt at high altitude this fall. Here are some tips and pointers for preparing for the trip and dealing with the adjustment to altitude once you get there.
Competing at altitude can be difficult, but adjusting quickly can help you perform at your best.
When training for altitude it’s best not to hit the gym and bulk up on muscles. The more muscle you have, the more your body will have to supply it with oxygen in order to function. Since it’s harder for your body to get the oxygen it needs at altitude to be efficient it doesn’t make sense to have a lot of extra muscles that will just require more oxygen to feed them in order to function. Try doing some strength training that will help you avoid injury, but

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.024828
Retrieved Text: Elevated blood sugar and its acidifying effect on you.
Today I am going to do a broad sweep of three common but terrible medical conditions that affect so many people. It does not seem to matter your social status, or economic independence, or even the country you live in, but these illnesses loom in your future if you do not take charge and implement changes in your lifestyle and diet.
I'm talking about diabetes, hypertension and cancer.
In insulin-dependent diabetes, the pancreas no longer produces sufficient insulin. (Insulin is the hormone that allows sugar or glucose to be transported across the cell membrane so that it can be used by the cell as its major source of energy.) As a result, glucose levels rise in the blood after ingesting a meal. Elevated blood sugar levels can have an acidifying effect on the blood and the tissues throughout the body, since sugar is acidic.
Many treatments to reduce the stress on the pancreas include using insulin as a replacement therapy and taking nutritional supplements such as chromium, manganese, zinc, B vitamins, and digestive enzymes to facilitate glucose metabolism.
In insulin-dependent diabetes, pancreatic production of alkalinizing bicarbonate may also be impaired. In such cases, eating a less acidic, more alkaline diet that emphasizes vegetables, fruits such as papayas and melons, and whole grains (non gluten containing like wheat and rye) and legumes (beans and peas) is also highly recommended.
Hypertension, or high blood pressure, is a condition in which the blood pressure is elevated above 140/90 mm Hg. Current recommendation even have a lower

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.923275
Retrieved Text: Losing as little as 2% of your body weight through dehydration can significantly decrease your performance through detrimental effects on physiological, neuromuscular, reaction, decision making and other cognitive performance! Using SOS can help you keep performing at your peak.
Being aware of the symptoms of dehydration is therefore essential for ensuring that steps to rectify can be taken swiftly.
As an athlete or a physically active individual dehydration can cause significant loss in performance. When you are not properly hydrated your total body water volume is low which means there’s less blood available for circulation and less fluid available to muscles and body tissue.
As your blood is responsible for the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to your tissues when there’s less blood available for circulation, this delivery to working muscles is diminished.
The average human loses close to 2 litres of fluid a day during normal activity from breathing, sweating, urination etc. Add in your daily exercise routine to this equation and you can see how quickly we can become dehydrated.
As the body is an amazingly efficient machine it knows that it needs to keep the vital organs, the brain, heart and lungs for example, hydrated above everything else. So as we become increasingly dehydrated if not rehydrated quickly it starts removing fluid from other parts of the body to keep these vital organs sufficiently hydrated.
As fluids are removed from muscles, joints and other tissues all these cease to work efficiently and create problems including reduced performance and injury.
Being well hydrated means everything can smoothly operate, allowing nerves to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.742334
Retrieved Text: What is Photosynthesis? How does it work? Get an insight into nature's most magnificent art with the help of flowchart!
This article will introduce the process of photosynthesis, how it works, and how to draw a flowchart to represent the workflow inside the plant when photosynthesis happens.
In other words, photosynthesis is the process when plants make their own food.
Photosynthesis has two phases, they are commonly known as "Photosynthesis Light Reaction" and "Photosynthesis Dark Reaction". We will analyze these two phases one by one.
This reaction of photosynthesis only happens when light is available. In this reaction the light hits the reaction centers of chlorophyll in the chloroplasts. The chlorophyll will vibrate, makes water molecule (H2O) and oxygen (O) released into air and the remaining molecules of hydrogen (H) from the water (H2O) remains in chloroplast and gets attached to NADP. In this phase of photosynthesis energy loses along the electron transport chain to recharge ATP from ADP. During this process, light energy gets converted into chemical energy and finally ATP molecules are produced. This reaction is also known as light-dependent reaction.
This phase of photosynthesis does not require light and it takes place in stroma. In this reaction the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere combines with hydrogen (H) from water molecules and forms glucose. During this process, ATP molecules will be converted to simple sugars. This reaction is also known as light-independent reaction.
A flowchart is a way to show the steps in a process. Below is the flowchart of photosynthesis process that shows the steps involved in the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.705456
Retrieved Text: This event occurred perhaps three billion years ago. It was a turning point in the history of life on Earth. Bacteria began to use the energy of sunlight to manufacture glucose. Because of it, on two counts—food and the waste product oxygen—we are here. Photosynthesis.
We are 100 percent dependent on photosynthesis. Either we have to eat the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food or we have to eat some formerly alive thing that ate the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food. We ourselves cannot capture the Sun’s energy to make food.
Photosynthesis requires sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide. Sunlight arrives in the form of a stream of particles called photons. Photons hit the leaf, which is made up of cells. Each cell has a structure called a chloroplast—which in turn contains the pigment chlorophyll. This is the factory, the means of production. The raw materials are water (H2O) and carbon dioxide (CO2).
The leaf gets its CO2 from the air. When photosynthesis began, Earth’s atmosphere did not contain free oxygen. It did contain a lot more carbon dioxide. Slowly, over millions of years, photosynthesis put oxygen—a waste product to plants, algae, and photosynthesizing bacteria—into the air. And so, happily, we breathe.
When you look at this simple but profound transformation in chemical form, you see that carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen have been reshuffled, and oxygen has been expelled.
Photosynthesis happens in two stages. First, the light reaction: Sunlight hits the leaf, jiggles electrons in the chlorophyll until an electron belonging to the chlorophyll jumps

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.583939
Retrieved Text: Yes the aquatic ape theory sounds good with its´ talk about our adaptations to breath hold, a survival instinct - problem is - it is not true. The arguments consists of a little mish mash of everything that supports the theory, but taking in the full picture then another story emerges. We are land animals - we like breathing.
Our instincts implanted in the autonomy sympathetic nerve system (fight and fligth system) knows this. When we stop breathing, alarm bells start to go off and soon an emergency system starts to operate. Some like to call these reactions "The dive response". Well, I got news for you - there is no such thing. The correct term is "general adaptation syndrome", and its not pretty. It is a general response to stress that all organism display when living conditions deteriorate (such no access to oxygen).
Stress hormone release (that among others) promote fat/protein conversion to sugar.
Heart rate and blood pressure rises.
If you would check the cortisol levels of the blood (or urine) in association to a maximum dive they would probably be sky high. Cortisol is a stress marker.
In a competition, having announced above your PB, Just by thinking of that long horrible dive in front of you will probably start these responses.
Digestion slows down (Saliva dry up).
Endorphins are secreted (feels like euphoria).
And the romantic freediver might think that this last phenomena is to cause bloodshift to make you able to dive deeper.
Nope, the reason of vasoconstriction is to stop possible bleeding in case of injury.
So why do we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.583336
Retrieved Text: How do conifers, holly and acorns (oaks) disperse their seeds?
I know that leaves are green, but they turn yellow and red in fall. I think they are drying up, but I don't know why. What happens to leaves ?
Why do apples turn brown when you cut them? Why does it help if you put them in the refrigerator?
We're studying the inhibiting effects of alcohols on the iodine clock reaction & have heard that iodine can complex with alcohols as well as starch. We're using starch as an indicator and have noticed some different color changes for endpoints particularly when using high concentrations of alcohols. Can you offer any advice on this system or direct us to useful support materials?
I am doing a science project with plants. Two tomato plants are grown under boxes made of four types of cellophane: red, green, blue and clear. The red one grew the most, both in height and width, then the clear followed by the green, then the blue. Why did it turn out this way?
Are ther any charts that shows the stages of rotting for any type of produce?
How does Lugol's stain (iodine) stain starch? Does the staining of starch affect amylase's ability to hydrolyze starch back to glucose?
Which cells developed first the plant cells or the animal cells? Why did nature give animal cells not the ability to do photosynthesis? We could supply some food this way.
How does photosynthesis work? Is Photosynthesis a big part is science today?
Why can the colors of the flower's petals be made purple,

================



======= Instance Index 11 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Acid rain makes waters acidic
- Causes them to absorb aluminum from soil
- The water runs off from the soil into lakes, streams, etc
- Fish and their eggs die
- Frogs and plants die
- Insects and other wildlife die
- The ecosystem is out of balance, causing further problems
- 

Question:
suppose prices for aluminum rise happens, how will it affect less aluminum pollutes waterways.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.403023
Retrieved Text: Scrap metal has grown into nearly a $100 billion industry, and there's room for many people to earn money from it. For the past several years, foreign countries, led by China, have been buying recycled metals, driving the prices for scrap copper, bronze, aluminum and other metals to record highs. Metal is a commodity, bought and sold on public exchanges, and prices fluctuate like prices on stock markets. A great scrap-metal payday is never a sure bet. Still, when you collect and sell scrap metal, you help clean the environment, recycle a resource and earn some pocket money.
Take a good look around your home, basement and neighborhood for old metal pieces and things you no longer use, and may not even recognize. Almost anything made of metal is worth something, but copper, brass and aluminum have the highest resale values. Old cords and cables for telephones, computers and other electronics contain copper wire, a top-paying item at scrap yards. Small machinery, old pots, hinges, pipes, grills, old washing machines and car parts are examples of some of the things that can be sold for scrap.
Spread out and search your neighborhood, local parks and roadways. Community landfills, dumps, waterways and marshes are also places to collect scrap metal, particularly aluminum cans. Usually, 32 aluminum cans weigh about one pound, which is worth about 35 to 55 cents at the time of publication. Some metal scrappers stomp or flatten aluminum cans to conserve space. Ten states now require deposits on beverage containers, and scrap hunters can usually earn

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.86622
Retrieved Text: The U.S. ferrous scrap market continues to move towards yet, another bottom. Prices are entering a territory not seen since the 2008 financial crisis, falling $50 a ton from September levels. Everyone assumed September was the low point, but unfortunately prices continue to fall drastically. With the market headed lower than expected, scrap dealers are faced with very low margins and inevitable losses.
Abundant volumes of various scrap grades available for mills to consume.
Stagnant steel mill capacity utilization, which remains in the low 70% range.
Mills 4th quarter order books are thinning due to falling prices and import pressure.
at cheap prices thus placing pressures on domestic prices.
These conditions have led to a seriously weakened ferrous scrap market. A big player in the import/export game is China as they are able to export steel to the U.S. for less than domestic mills can make it. In addition, the stronger U.S. dollar has resulted not only in cheaper steel imports, but relatively more expensive and less competitive U.S. scrap exports.
China continues to grow, even though at a much slower pace than in the past, this is disruptive, but not catastrophic, and will take some time to even out. Until that happens, we will continue to work towards and adapt to a new normal.
Base metal prices have continued their weakening trend through September. Copper prices have firmed up the past 30 days due to some short term supply shortages in the market. Comex copper prices peaked at $2.46 lb in September but could not hold this higher ground and quickly receded

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.76436
Retrieved Text: The aluminum and materials manufacturer hit new 52-week highs last month as the metal continues its surge.
Shares of the world's largest producer of bauxite, alumina, and aluminum rose nearly 21% in August after the company reported strong second-quarter 2017 earnings at the end of July, and aluminum spot prices surged to levels last seen in early 2013. The stock move last month continues a three-month climb for Alcoa (NYSE:AA), which established new 52-week highs.
The company grew revenue, EBITDA, net income, and its cash position from the year-ago period. In fact, strong operating cash flow padded the balance sheet with $152 million in new cash since the end of the first quarter of this year. The company now has over $1 billion in cash available. With president and CEO Roy Harvey expecting an even stronger second half on the heels of healthy aluminum prices, investors found plenty of reasons to keep the stock's momentum going.
Aluminum prices have been on the rise for four consecutive quarters now, but they absolutely exploded in early August. Spot prices for the metal had remained relatively constant at $1,900 per metric ton (MT) for most of 2017, but they made a sharp and sudden move to $2,050 per MT in a matter of days. What happened?
China. The country has been racing to shore up economic growth for the year, which is "in danger" of falling below last year's 6.7% growth clip. But several economic stimulus moves have been coupled with environmental policies. For instance, the government has focused on new infrastructure projects

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.615757
Retrieved Text: S cratch a natural resources fund manager and you probably won't find much blood left; most of it was spilled last year thanks mainly to awful performances by gold and other metals.
But commodities-based stocks can rise as well as fall and, particularly when inventories shrink, their gains can be formidable. Case in point: aluminum, whose producers have seen their share prices take off in 1998. Aluminum companies were the best performing stock group last week (the Dow Jones Aluminum group picked up 8.8%), and are the twelfth best (out of 96 groups) so far this year. Last year, they were among the laggards, picking up a mere 5%, way behind the 30%-plus gains of the S&P 500 and not far ahead of the much-beleaguered gold stocks.
The rise in aluminum shares come as giants like Alcan Aluminum Ltd. and Reynolds Metals Co. have reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings, on rising aluminum prices. The average price of aluminum in the fourth quarter was up about 11% to 72 cents per pound, from 65 cents in the fourth quarter of 1996.
And some industry observers say that if aluminum prices continue to rise -- or even just stabilize -- these stocks remain undervalued, compared with both their own historical valuations and the broader market. The stocks continued to gain ground in Monday's broad-based stock market rally: Aluminum Co. of America rose 1 11/16 to close at 78 1/16; Alumax picked up 1 1/14 to 36 1/8; Reynolds added 1 7/8 to 64 15/16, and Alcan ended the day at 30 9/16,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.461346
Retrieved Text: It was the beginning of March – not even April Fool’s Day yet, when President Trump heralded a 25% tariff on imported steel and a 10% tariff on imported aluminum from all U.S. trading partners. This latest boneheaded plan from the beleaguered, chaotic non-Administration seems designed to distract attention from the growing investigation with indictments and the growing number of links between Trump land and the Russians.
It’s real effect – as the special council will proceed apace with more Russian indictments – will be to hurt American jobs, thereby screwing the people he is allegedly making America Great again for.
The U.S exports about 2.5 million vehicles a year – ten final assembly plants of jobs, not including the related businesses from supply to transportation et cetera – and a trade war threatens these jobs – to say or tweet nothing about other sectors of the U.S. economy that will be peripheral damage.
Commerce said it would launch the steel and aluminum 232 in early 2017. Steel and aluminum consumers known an action was possible. They may have already adjusted purchasing to reduce risks.
The tariffs – better described as raising taxes on consumers – are based on an investigation by the U.S. Department of Commerce into the effects of steel and aluminum imports on U.S. national security under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended (19 U.S.C. § 1862). The announced tariffs exceed the 24.7% and 7.7% tariffs recommended by the Commerce Department as an outcome of its investigation.
The Commerce Department announced it would

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.610504
Retrieved Text: Build your own 12 Foot Aluminum Boat and Save Money!
A fun project to build.
My brother designed this Boat using ideas from many different designs.
He wanted it to look great and easy to make sure it would be easy to handle.
Aluminum open dinghy with cross seats.
Suitable rowing or with an outboard to 15 hp steering from the back.
Tough 2mm plate hull is easily constructed from plans.
A very practical boat, with moderate deadrise on the bottom.
Ideally suited to bass fishing in inland waterways and for general pleasure use in sheltered waterways.
Craft has an aluminum or plywood floor.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.46537
Retrieved Text: With the rapid development of China's architectural decoration industry in recent years, fluorocarbon spraying aluminum veneer with its excellent resistance to fade, anti-corrosive, UV-resistant, strong crack resistance and can withstand harsh weather environment, in addition to a large number of high-rise building curtain wall applications, at the same time with its wide range of color selection, metal gloss, strong impact resistance and other advantages, More and more by the interior decoration designer's favor, is widely used in indoor high-grade decoration project ceiling and metope.
(1) As a high-grade decorative material, the domestic fluorocarbon spraying aluminum veneer manufacturers production and processing level of a large difference. Before ordering, we should pay special attention to the inspection of the factory, inspect its production capacity and scale, project performance, and focus on its technical design capability. Must not because the price is low and use the level is not high, small size of the processing factory, otherwise it will bring greater difficulties in construction and management, serious consequences will cause irreparable economic losses.
(2) As an important process before the process of fluorocarbon spraying aluminum veneer--field data measurement, it is recommended to use infrared range finder for measurement. If the use of traditional tape measurement, there will be measurement errors, will require tight seam splicing aluminum plate has a very negative impact.
(3) in the process of fluorocarbon spraying aluminum veneer, should not be a one-time all aluminum sheet processing, should be in each installation area of the last piece of aluminum and corner plate temporarily not processing, to be in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.188477
Retrieved Text: How Much Does an Aluminum Fence Cost? . posts and other required hardware, do-it-yourself aluminum fence materials can cost $8-$30 or more a linear foot,.
Aluminum Fence Costs - 2017 Aluminum Fence Prices, Options and .
Get 2017 Aluminum Fence price options and installation cost ranges. Free, online . Fencing Perimeter 75 linear feet. Fencing Material . Zip Code. Get an instant, no-obligation estimate of Aluminum Fence options and costs in your zip code.
We include aluminum fence prices in order to give you all the details you need . The least expensive fencing costs about $22 per linear foot installed while the.
23 Jan 2017 . In order to determine how much square footage of fencing will be . For a maximum-durability aluminum fence of average size, the price is.
17 Mar 2014 . Aluminium fencing certainly has a lot going for it. But those benefits do cost a little more.
Despite its durability and thrifty cost, there is a major downside to . charge $14 to $19 per linear foot for the average metal fence.
Wood; Metal or Chain Link; Vinyl; Aluminum; Wrought Iron; Barbed Wire; Electric/Invisible. How to Estimate Your Fencing Costs; Fencing Installation Considerations . Most fencing installation professionals charge a cost per linear foot that.
Aluminum Fencing Costs, Zip Code, Lineal ft. Basic, Better, Best. Aluminum . Aluminum Fencing – Total Average Cost per square foot, $24.57, $27.70, $31.77.
Our aluminum fences come in a very wide variety of styles, prices, heights, uses and colors. Remember we will beat any advertised price on our fences and you.
Aluminum Fence Costs –

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.188377
Retrieved Text: Aluminum Sheet / Plate; Aluminum T-Bar; Aluminum Threaded Rod; ...." Aluminum Plate... Cuts of less thaninch will be charged at thefull inch price.
Aluminium Boat manufacturers & suppliers. ... Boat Price Air Boat Price Motor Boat Price Inflatable Boat Price Aluminum Boat ... fishing and camping equipment for sale.
Steel Hot Rolled Sheet and Plate. ... one of the biggest advantages of hot rolled steel is its reduced price. ... AluminumSheet and Plate.
hot sale and cheaper price aluminum threaded plate with lowest price Cheap Cheap Cheap Super DealsSave MoneyCoupons ... (Spicy Hot Low Sodium) ... Also get it for the same price both at Walmart and Home Depot.
Find great deals on eBay for aluminum plate prices. ... PLATE(ONLY THIS WEEK SALE DISCOUNT ON PRICES ... Acid Etched Aluminum Data Plate(LOW PRICE.
AROMADie Cast Double Burner Hot Plate, BlackIdeal for entertaining guests or keeping food warm.watt heating element andtemperature controls (warm, low, medium, and high).
Choose from Ceramic Hot Plates or Aluminum Top Hot Plates and from a wide range of stirring configurations and ... from $.sale $.. from $.sale $..

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.79553
Retrieved Text: What administration officials have insisted is only a “trade dispute” appears closer to becoming a trade war.
After Washington slapped 25 percent tariffs on steel and aluminum from Mexico and Canada, Mexico has retaliated with tariffs on a diverse range of American exports. Canada is said to be considering a similar response.
The Mexican tariffs target U.S. pork, produce, bourbon, and steel – products chosen with a political objective in mind. With midterm elections looming, the tariffs are crafted to affect states and regions of the country where Republican politicians appear most vulnerable.
The tariffs will make those U.S. products more expensive for Mexican consumers. But in an odd twist, American consumers could eventually pay less, especially for pork products.
Mexico is a huge importer of American pork. With tariffs raising the price by 20 percent, Mexican consumers may purchase less of it, meaning the country may end up buying a smaller quantity of U.S. pork products.
American producers would either have to reduce production, find another market, or sell more domestically, which would increase the supply and lower prices in the U.S. In an immediate response, hog futures prices dropped by 2 percent on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Virginia farmers' pain, however, could make it harder for Republicans to capture a U.S. Senate seat from Warner's colleague, Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.), who is seeking reelection.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has stepped up his criticism of the Trump administration in recent days, taking special offense to the “national security” rationale Washington used to justify steel and aluminum tariffs on its close ally

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.614319
Retrieved Text: As technology progresses, it isn’t a surprise that electronic waste has been becoming more of an issue. Among these concerns is the proper disposal of metal. Recycling seems to be a very viable option, though, as companies offering it would know the proper way to dispose of the heavy metal materials inside of electronics. Not to mention that within electronics, there are also precious non-ferrous metals that can be recycled for future use.
When electronics are disposed of in landfills, there is the chance of contamination due to material in electronic scrap components. In fact, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has included computer parts such as CRT monitors in its category of “hazardous household waste”. Unfortunately, some companies and households dispose of their electronics carelessly, not knowing that there must be careful steps in the handling of such wastes to prevent cases of heavy metal contamination.
Companies looking to recycle their electronics should find themselves the right recycling center to handle it. This is because not all these centers may have the facilities to deal with the presence of heavy metals such as lead, cadmium, or mercury. But it isn’t all about saving metal from causing contamination. Often, companies recycle their equipment to better their bottom line.
The benefits of having electronic waste properly processed far outweigh the task of finding the right company for the job. Aside from benefiting the company’s bottom line and reducing the fees for landfill disposal, the company also gets to safely process metal which recycling centers have the capacity to handle.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.552477
Retrieved Text: How to Tell Good Quality LED Tube from Poor Ones?
There are many factors that can affect the quality and make big difference in pricing of the LED Tubes.
The design of the driver takes a very important role in the tube pricing.
The simple linear power is easier in design and cheap. The constant current driver is more complicated and reliable design. And again there is the isolated driver and isolated driver, which cause difference too. For cased the tubes are easy to get access by people is better to use the isolated driver which is much safer.
The housing for tubes, there are Aluminum housing + PC lens, all plastic housing, glass housing.
The Aluminum Housing is the best, for it helps the LED heat dissipation. And again, the weight of the Aluminum Housing will cause a difference in prices.
The heavier aluminum housing is more firm and not easy to deform.
The LEDs are available in different level brightness, like 80LM/W, 100LM/W, 130LM/W or 150LM/W and more. The brighter, the more expensive.
But it's not the brightest the best, please choose the one that fit for your case. For example, if used in warehouse/aisle, you do not expect to get too much brightness.
High CRI LED will give much better vivid colors, which is widely used in ART gallery, Jellewery Store, or similar application.
The CRI80 is the frequently-used one for general lighting.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.316435
Retrieved Text: current subtotal: 0.00 view cart | checkout. Employment Opportunities; Products; Scrap Pricing; . SCRAP PRICE EFFECTIVE cressonsteel: 08/24/18 FERROUS METALS: PRICE PER N.T. 2000 LBS. . NON-FERROUS METALS: PRICE PER POUND #1 COPPER: 1.70 #2 COPPER. INSULATED COPPER WIRE *(NO TELEPHONE WIRE)* 1.30.
Scrap Metal Prices Per Pound | Copper - Aluminum - Steel .
Scrap Metal Prices Per Pound Our site provides you with the latest scrap metal prices per pound for a range of different types of valuable materials, including various forms of; copper, steel, aluminum, iron, brass, lead and for other forms of recyclable scrap such as car batteries, aluminum cans and copper .
Scrap Metal Prices in maine 1. Best Scrap Metal Prices in Maine,ME Welcome to the E-ScrapmetalPrices: Your scrap metal pricing search just got easier Compare prices by state, .
Current scrap metal prices in Alabama for copper, aluminum, steel, iron, brass, lead and more. . Current scrap metal prices in Alabama for copper, aluminum, steel, iron, brass, lead and more. Updated daily. Scrap Metal Prices Per Pound in Maine . Before you do this it is crucial that you find the best scrap metal prices per pound before .
Clean copper scrap is worth at least 3.00 per pound. It may be possible to get prices near 3.50 per pound in some areas. For more information, check out the How To in the related links.
Their current prices will greatly affect your car scrap value. The car junkers want to buy your car for the metals because they, in turn, can sell those same metals

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.3015
Retrieved Text: Following a downward trend in 2017, the economy in northern B.C. is stabilizing, thanks to the LNG Canada project announcement and increased industrial activities at the Port of Prince Rupert and on Ridley Island, states a new report.
Northern Development Initiative Trust released its second annual State of the North report that tests the economic climate in northern B.C.
The previous report established the baseline trend of what northern B.C.’s economy was like in late 2017, but since then the $40-billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) project was announced for Kitimat, there has been more demand for steelmaking coal, and the Port of Prince Rupert completed its Phase 2A expansion.
“The port is the story, and a huge part of the local economy. You see an increase in shipments, increase in traffic and the development of further traffic,” said Susan Mowbray, senior economist with MNP. Data collection and interpretation for the report was conducted by MNP, a national accounting, tax and business consulting firm.
Much of the turn has to do with oil and gas, and clean energy projects. There isn’t much data on individual communities except for what was gathered from the Port of Prince Rupert and ferry routes.
Housing prices in Prince Rupert were ‘volatile’ in 2018. Average homes were up 25 per cent in the first quarter only to go down by -10.5 per cent in the third quarter. Mowbray said this was just a correction. Meanwhile, Kitimat went up 20.4 per cent and saw the biggest change from year over year after LNG Canada made its final investment

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.144947
Retrieved Text: You can also access the Huron River Watershed Council's website to visit the Livingston Watershed Advisory Group Page for to see a list of meeting dates, volunteer events, and great ways for everyone to help keep our watershed clean and learn valuable information!
Did you know that just four quarts of oil can form an eight-acre oil slick if spilled or dumped down a storm drain? With over four million vehicles in Southeast Michigan, we all need to practice good car care to protect our lakes and streams.
How does caring for your car affect our waterways? Storm drains found in our streets and yards and roadside ditches lead directly to our lakes and streams. So, if motor oil and other fluids are dumped or washed into the storm drain, they pollute our local waterways.
What can you do? Simple.
Maintain it: Keep your vehicle properly tuned and use the owner’s manual to guide decisions about how often it is necessary to change fluids such as oil and antifreeze.
Take advantage of business expertise: Consider taking your vehicle to the shop to have the oil and other fluids changed. These businesses have the ability to recycle the used materials and clean up accidental spills.
Recycle: If you choose to change your oil and other fluids yourself, label the waste containers. Then, take them to your community's household hazardous waste collection day or to a business that accepts used oil. Never dump used oil, antifreeze, or other fluids on the ground or down the storm drain.
Soak it up: Use kitty litter promptly to

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.082512
Retrieved Text: Responding to a Challenging Tweet about Front-Running | AllAboutAlpha: Alternative Investing Trends and Analysis | A finance blog about private equity, commodities, and other alternative asset classes.
After an earlier post of mine here about high-frequency traders and the Securities Information Processor, I received a tweet from @LiquidMkt. Actually, I received two.
LiquidMkt, a blogger who believes that HF traders are on the receiving end of inaccurate charges,credits them with valuable work providing the markets with liquidity. The first of his tweets to me said, “Read your blog, but it leaves out some relevant info. Have you checked this out?” and then linked to this discussion of the legality of direct feeds.
I have never contended that direct feeds are illegal, so I didn’t really know what to do with that. Another tweet soon came along, asking me, @ccfaille, “When u say #HFT front run the SIP, how do u mean? Front-running as it is commonly understood is a myth.” There followed another link to the same discussion of the legality of direct feeds.
But let’s focus on the question. What do I mean by “front run”? I use the term as suggested by the metaphor of running-in-front. It refers to a variety of situations, in which any party trades on the basis of advance knowledge, that is, of material non-public information, of an upcoming trade. Click here for a recent post on the subject from the blog of the Columbia Law School.
The term initially developed in the fiduciary context for situations such as this: if you ask me on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.8558
Retrieved Text: JPMorgan said Friday it is exiting the business of owning physical commodities, including electricity, oil and aluminum.
The announcement comes as the bank reportedly nears a settlement with the U.S. government over the manipulation of electricity markets in California.
JPMorgan (JPM)said it "is pursuing strategic alternatives for its physical commodities business...including, but not limited to: a sale, spin off or strategic partnership."
The move will not affect the bank's trading activities, such as the buying or selling of futures contracts.
Earlier this week, the Senate held a hearing on bank ownership of physical commodities, during which several witnesses said involvement from the big banks is dangerous for the financial system and may be driving up prices for consumers.
The hearing followed a story in the New York Times on Sunday alleging Goldman Sachs (GS) was stockpiling aluminum in Detroit, leading to higher prices for aluminum products like soda cans and cars.
People familiar with JPMorgan's involvement in California's electricity markets say the bank would bid to deliver electricity to a utility on a future day, and then raise the price, ensuring the power would not get bought.
Consumers would then have to compensate the bank for the cost of making the bid, under California's "make whole provision," which requires ratepayers to cover certain costs incurred by energy sellers.
It's not clear how JPMorgan made money on this arrangement, or if it was technically legal.
The government agency charged with policing electricity markets -- the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission -- and JPMorgan have declined to comment on the case.
Barclays and Deutsche Bank (DB) have also been

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.8128
Retrieved Text: BRITS planning their holiday getaway to Europe next year have been urged to carry out a Brexit ‘MOT’ before Britain officially leaves the EU.
Most people in Britain have taken no action to prepare for potential changes that could affect travel in Europe after 11pm on Friday, March 29, 2019.
Possible post-Brexit changes to travel could include Brits needing visas to visit France or flights being grounded - and anyone hoping to take a pet abroad will need to visit a vet at least four months before the trip .
But nearly eight in ten (78%) people say they have not researched AT ALL about how Brexit could affect their holiday plans, according to a survey for sister cruise companies Scenic and Emerald Waterways.
Currently Brits can enter any Schengen area country even if their passport only has a day left before it expires - but after Brexit travellers may not be able to visit these countries unless they have six months left on their passport.
The government has advised adults and children to renew passports that have less than six months validity at the time of any planned trip.
But 71% of Brits say they are completely unaware of changes to passport regulations and potential disruption to travel.
Nearly half (48%) of Brits surveyed said they have visited an EU country in the past year but a quarter (26%) of those said they would consider not booking a trip to an EU country because of fears around Brexit uncertainty.
And 31% will also avoid booking travel to EU countries during the end of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.77923
Retrieved Text: Temperature sensor NTC LED lighting overheating protection is relatively early widely used. LED lamps, such as the use of high-power LED light source, you must use a multi-wing aluminum radiator, LED flood light for interior lighting itself is very small space, the heat problem is still one of the largest technical bottlenecks. LED flood lightheat unhappy words, will lead to LED light source due to overheating and early light failure.
After the LED lamp is turned on, the heat will also be enriched to the lamp cap due to the automatic rise of the hot air, which will affect the life of the power supply (Figure 9).
Therefore, in the design of LED lamps can be close to the aluminum radiator near the LED light source in close contact with an NTC, in order to collect the temperature of the lamp in real time, when the LED flood light aluminum heatsink temperature can be used to automatically reduce the output current of the constant current source, When the temperature of the lamp cup aluminum radiator rises to the limit set value, the LED power supply will be cut off automatically to realize the over-temperature protection of the lamp. When the temperature drops, the lamp will turn on automatically.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.722107
Retrieved Text: Cable aluminum foil is the use of aluminum foil sealing property and shielding property, single-sided or double coated with plastic film,the composition of the aluminum # plastic composite foil, used as a cable shield. Cable aluminum foil requires surface with less oil, no holes, with high mechanical properties, the overall quality requirements are not high, but the length requirements are extremely strict.
1.Cable foil to ensure good shape, horizontal stripes, aluminum foil surface to allow a slight color difference, bright line, black wire and other does not affect the quality of the surface defects used by customers. It is forbidden to wrinkle, crimp and other defects.
2.The joints must be firmly bonded with ultrasonic or aluminum based adhesive tape and make a mark according to the contract requirements.
3.Aluminum foil is not allowed to appear adhesion, folding, tearing phenomenon when it expand, free expansion length is less than or equal to 1.5 meters.
4.End face quality without burr, string of layer, without become warped edge, turriform, sun pattern, arrow, bumps and other defects. Bottom part should be as little as possible, not over 5MM thick.
5.Brush water test is not less than A grade.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.712013
Retrieved Text: If a 20 percent tariff were imposed only on cars imported from the European Union, it would largely affect the luxury market, experts say.
If new duties are applied to all imports regardless of their country of origin, a broader swath of sales would be affected.
It would take a month or two for higher costs to reach car buyers if new tariffs on imports are implemented.
With all the threats of tariffs bouncing back and forth across oceans, one big-ticket item is bearing the brunt of the bluster: cars.
President Donald Trump lobbed his latest shot against imported autos last month, threatening a 20 percent tariff on those from the European Union. It comes in the midst of a Commerce Department investigation into whether all vehicles coming into the United States pose a national security threat, which could be used justify a tariff.
“For consumers, there would be no benefit,” said Ivan Drury, senior manager of industry analysis at Edmunds, an online auto research guide.
Mercedes-Benz cars wait to be shipped at the harbor in Bremerhaven, nothern Germany, on June 1, 2018.
Automakers and business groups have sounded the alarm that tariffs would wreak havoc on the industry.
"Tariffs will lead to increased producer costs, increased produced costs will lead to increased vehicle costs, increased vehicle costs will lead to fewer sales and less tax receipts, fewer sales will lead to fewer jobs, and those fewer jobs will significantly impact many communities and families across the country," the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers said in a statement Wednesday.
Trump’s latest auto tariff threat came on

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.667337
Retrieved Text: High strength aluminum alloys such as 7075, can be used in aerospace applications while high corrosion resistance alloys such as 1100 are commonly used in marine applications. The particular market alloy of aluminum scrap makes a difference in the market price of that scrap. A wide variety of aluminium sheeting options are available to you such as 5000 series, , 3000 series 6000 series. All Foils is a top supplier of aluminum sheeting products, specifically aluminum sheet. This can help our customers understand how our prices have changed and how they are affected by the market.
Aluminum signage from SignsUS comes in sizes up to 6' x 12' in a sheeting single, seamless sheet. Price Match Policy Quality Policy. Products Aluminum Sheet/ Coil Aluminum Foil Hot Topics 4x8 price Aluminum Sheet Aluminum Sheet for Cans Marine market Grade Aluminum Aluminum Foil India Get Aluminum Sheet Price Aluminum Plate Manufacturer Aluminum Sheet and Foil in Africa Market. Regardless of the cause, we have market the replacement body parts for the repair. You can also see the 30- day market average price for sheet aluminum and compare it to our current aluminum price. Polycarbonate Properties Market , Price, Production Uses. Aluminum sheeting market price.
Polycarbonate Production Price Market Demand. About 26% of these are reflective material 3% are aluminum sheets, 1% are plastic sheets. 1 major types of product name should be considered, aluminum alloy plate. Big Small We sheeting Do It All! com offers 1, 734 aluminium sheeting products. making it the most durable deck material on the market.
Current

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.656048
Retrieved Text: Bloomberg reported that carmakers from Ford Motor Co to Audi AG and Jaguar Land Rover Plc are using record amounts of aluminum to replace heavier steel providing relief to producers of the metal confronting excess supplies and depressed prices.
Aluminum Association said last month that global automakers may increase use of the light metal to 249.5 kilograms per car in 2025 from 148.3 kilograms in 2009. North American applications of aluminum in cars may jump 66% by 2025 to at least 3.7 million tonne. In Europe the aluminum content in cars may rise to as much as 180 kilograms per unit by 2020.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.598175
Retrieved Text: SHANGHAI, Nov. 9 (SMM) – On Tuesday’s night trading, SHFE 1701 aluminum opened at RMB 13,345/mt and then advanced to RMB 13,615/mt with positions opening by longs. The contract fluctuated at around RMB 13,555/mt due to exit of longs and finally closed at RMB 13,530/mt.
On Wednesday, SHFE 1701 aluminum started at RMB 13,540/mt and then climbed to a daily-high of RMB 13,695/mt. Trump reversed to win in US presidential election on Wednesday. Prices volatized sharply both in stock market and commodities market. SHFE 1701 aluminum plumped to RMB 13,390/mt in a short time but later regained some lost ground, thanks to positions closing by shorts. The contract fell again to below the moving average, hurt by exit of longs, and finally ended at RMB 13,490/mt. Trading volumes rose to 468,358 lots and positions increased 4,672 to 216,636. SHFE 1701 aluminum was greatly affected by other base metals and macro-environment recently.
SHFE 1701 aluminum is predicted to hover at highs for the short term with fading uncertain factors. The contract will be more likely to rise due to positive technical indicators. Spot aluminum is still at around a high level of RMB 400/mt in China’s domestic market. Eyes should be on support at the 10-day moving average of SHFE 1701 aluminum.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.461985
Retrieved Text: How Would Missouri Fare in a Global Trade War?
You might think that as a Midwestern state, Missouri would be less exposed than most other states to damaging repercussions from the Trump administration decision to impose tariffs of 25 percent on steel and 10 percent on aluminum.
But one of the most attention-getting findings contained in a newly released report from the Brookings Institution titled “How Trump’s Steel and Aluminum Tariffs Could Affect State Economies“ might cause you to think otherwise.
As the Brookings report points out, Missouri’s imports of steel and aluminum amount to $1.4 billion, or 7.4 percent of our state’s total imports. By that measure, Missouri’s exposure to tariff-driven increases in the price of those two commodities is the highest of any state in the country. But how meaningful is that metric?
Joseph Haslag, chief economist for the Show-Me Institute, points out that the metric is misleading for a couple of reasons. One is the presence of a large automotive sector in our state, and the other is the simple fact that Missouri is just not a large importing state.
A better measure, therefore, is to look at Missouri’s exposure relative to our state’s total output of goods and service—its gross domestic product. By that measure, Missouri falls from the state that is “most exposed” to steel and aluminum purchases to the 8th most exposed state—still not anything to be happy about.
Watch this space for further information on how changes in tariffs and trade agreements are likely to affect Missourians.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.441118
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump announced new trade policies Thursday, which are expected to go into place in the coming weeks. One of the results of these tariffs will likely be an increase in how much you're paying for a six-pack of beer or soda.
The new tariffs include a 25% tariff on foreign steel and 10% on aluminum. Overall, the policies will have widespread impact, but within the beer industry, brewers expect their costs to go up and that may mean those costs are passed along to the beer-drinking public.
MillerCoors, one of the US's biggest beer producers, pulled no punches on Twitter. "Like most brewers, we are selling an increasing amount of our beers in aluminum cans, and this action will cause aluminum prices to rise," the company tweeted Thursday. "It is likely to lead to job losses across the beer industry. We buy as much domestic can sheet aluminum as is available, however, there simply isn't enough supply to satisfy the demands of American beverage makers like us. American workers and American consumers will suffer as a result of this misguided tariff."
The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reports that for every dollar of beer produced in the US, brewers spend about "a dime for cans and roughly five cents for aluminum." So, aluminum isn't the largest cost in the process, but it's not insignificant. Additionally, more than half of the beer sold in the US comes in cans.
The beer industry has been critical of the tariffs since they were proposed last month when The Beer Institute put out a

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.428137
Retrieved Text: While the government released statistics last week showing that U.S. industrial production had declined for a seventh straight month, prices of aluminum, a key industrial commodity, held their gains. In fact, while other economically sensitive metals like copper have swooned, aluminum is up almost 8% since the beginning of April, based on its recent price of 70 cents per pound.
Shares of aluminum companies have been strong, too. Indeed, Alcoa 's stock, recently at 40.27, is up 20% since January. Alcan 's stock, at a recent price of 45.03, was up about 32% this year.
Why have both the commodity and the equities been so strong? In part because the aluminum market has been myopically focusing on a small part of the supply-side equation and ignoring the global picture.
The market has been preoccupied with the forced closure of 5% of global aluminum smelting capacity, owing to the high price of power in the Pacific Northwest.
But despite these shutdowns, 12-month global aluminum production is up almost 3% this year, compared with last year's level, and is "on pace to grow to a record-high 25.4 million metric tons, or 4.5% above year-ago figures," according to a Goldman Sachs Metals Monthly research report.
"The realized growth in global production stands in sharp contrast to market perceptions that primary production is significantly lower than last year," says the report and thus "we think aluminum prices are strongly skewed to the downside," says Claire Burgio, a commodities analyst at Goldman. She predicts prices could drop "a couple of hundred points" to 58 cents per

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.408062
Retrieved Text: Home Money Management How World Leader Decisions Could Affect Your Trades?
The forex markets revolve around the daily happenings around the world. Geopolitical events, economical new releases, wars and natural disasters, all affect currency prices. And, when world leaders make important decisions, how can they not change at least the currency of their own country? This is why traders need to keep their fundamental analysis up to date, to be in a better position to make trading decisions.
In an age of increasing social media connectivity, news about crucial decisions taken by various political leaders travels at lightning speeds. US President Donald Trump is highly active on Twitter. We have seen how his tweets affect market movements almost instantaneously.
When President Trump came to power, many agreed that while his decisions could lead to US growth, it might not translate to growth for the global economy. American stocks indeed soared as he was elected, but many were skeptical about his decision to reduce imports and put trade sanctions on countries like China, Mexico, and Canada.
The US dollar surged following his press conference on January 11, 2017, just after he was elected. But, during the meeting, he failed to answer specific questions on tax cuts and infrastructure spending. As a result, the dollar tumbled even below ¥114 for a time, and almost to a 3-month low against the Canadian dollar.
Now, in September 2018, we are midway through Trump’s crusade to impose tariffs on various countries, including 5% tariff on steel imports and 10% tariff on aluminum imports from Canada, Mexico,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.394138
Retrieved Text: Unless you have been keeping a detailed flowchart that outlines dates, percentages and affected countries, it has been exceptionally difficult to keep up with the new U.S. tariffs on imported steel and aluminum. Observers of nearly any industry that uses steel or aluminum were well aware in early 2018 that talk of new import tariffs was underway. With some exceptions, tariffs ranging from 10 to 25 percent were levied on various types of base and certain processed steel and aluminum products, took effect for most countries on March 23, 2018, with some exceptions.
In the March proclamations, Mexico and Canada were granted exemptions that expired on May 31, 2018. As of today, according to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Service, the tariffs on steel cover “all countries of origin except Argentina, Australia, Brazil and South Korea,” with Argentina, Brazil and South Korea subject to “absolute quotas,” meaning that their imports are capped at a certain level and not subject to the additional tariffs. Tariffs on aluminum cover “all countries of origin except Argentina and Australia,” with Argentina subject to the absolute quota.
In the weeks leading up to the tariffs’ imposition, many construction industry observers predicted significant cost increases for critical inputs. Everything from rebar to steel beam, steel pipe and tube, and aluminum mill products, were predicted to go up in price, potentially causing an industry slowdown. Further speculation was that the cost of new and used construction equipment would rise, pushing purchase and rental prices for contractors higher.
Indeed, most predictions turned out right. Without getting

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.350803
Retrieved Text: I suppose I shouldnt have used the term "boiling" its just that I have heard it used in so many videos.
Michael Faraday has shown that 1 litre of HHO can be produced in 1 hour using 2.34 watts of electricity.
and water expands 1800 times durring conversion into HHO.
we used 4.212 kWh to empty the 1 litre container.
now we can get that 4.212 kWh of electricity back.
suppose it is allowed to travel upwards for 1800 feet.
oh and we still have the 1800 litres of HHO to burn in our generators.
it just doesnt cost anything.
so if the 2.205 lb upward force of the container lifted to the 1800 ft height in only 1 minute , it would only equal 89.68 watts.
so its back to the drawing board , glad I didnt build one LOL.
but you learn as you go.
hmmm , an hour is a long time just to make 1 litre of HHO.
I see room for quicker gas production , but that will cost more electricity.
maybe if I can find a way to use the 1800 litres of gas produced in the hour instead of the last 1 litre.
if I let one litre rise to the top every minute for 30 minutes.
maybe the pressure generated durring electrolysis would push water out of the containers at the bottom.
I got that wrong above , I need to use the preview message button since theres no edit button , anyway.
I would need to let 1 litre rise each minute for 1800 minutes, sorry.
Most Heatsinks are made of Aluminum.
Copper Heatsinks are BETTER,

================



======= Instance Index 12 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A photovoltaic cell is created with two layers of semiconductor material
- The top layer are &#x27;doped&#x27; with impurities to allow a negative charge
- The bottom layer are &#x27;doped&#x27; to allow for a positive charge
- This produces an electric field that allows electrons to flow from negative to positve
- Sunlight enters the cell
- Energy from sunlight knocks electrons loose in both fields
- This prevents the flow of electrons from negative to positive
- Adding an external circuit allows the exchange to continue
- Give the cells owner a flow of electricity.

Question:
suppose cracks do not develop happens, how will it affect MORE solar power being generated.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.023605
Retrieved Text: Is GEM easy to install?
Yes! GEM can be installed by PV installers, electricians or a competent DIYer. GEM does not need to be installed by an MCS certified installer and will not affect the MCS certification of your micro-generation system. Only one clip-on type import/export sensor is used and this links to the control unit using a wireless connection to reduce wiring and means that no dedicated immersion circuit is required with the GEM system.
What energy savings can I expect?
This will depend on the size of your PV system and the amount of hot water you use. For a 4 person family with a 4KW PV system you can expect savings of around £240 per year.
Will I still get my export tariff payments?
Yes. Currently FITs export payments are paid for 50% of all units generated regardless of how many units are actually exported. This means you can use all your generated energy and still receive all the export payments!
What if I have a "Free Solar" system and do not receive any FITs payments?
All of the savings generated by GEM come from fully using the energy generated by your solar system and not from the FITs payments and so customers with "free solar" systems benefit in just the same way as customers who own their PV systems. GEM allows you to use all your generated energy instead of just half of it.
Will GEM affect my generation meter reading?
No. GEM does not affect your generation meter reading and so you still get your full FITs payments. The generation

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.734455
Retrieved Text: Barilla Solar Project photo courtesy of First Solar, Inc.
TXU Energy Solar Club SM is a first-of-its-kind Texas shared solar offer that lets you power your home with the sun. Check out the pictures of one of the solar farms, or see below for answers to FAQs.
Where does my solar energy come from?
We purchase solar energy and renewable energy credits for your plan each month equal to up to 500 kWh from solar farms right here in Texas.
Do clouds or night time impact my electricity service?
No. One of the main benefits of TXU Energy Solar ClubSM is that weather, solar equipment problems and nighttime won’t affect your electricity service, and you’ll still be supporting solar energy.
Renewable energy comes from resources that don’t run out, like wind and solar power. The energy that comes from these resources has a lower environmental impact than conventional power sources, particularly to the air we breathe.
What’s a renewable energy credit (REC)?
A renewable energy credit (REC) represents electricity generated from renewable energy resources – whether wind, water, biomass or solar energy. For TXU Energy Solar ClubSM, up to 500 kWh purchased for your plan each month is renewable energy that comes from solar power generated at a farm right here in Texas. Purchasing RECs for the electricity you use helps support investment and construction of renewable energy projects in Texas.
What happens if I move out of my residence?
If you move from your current home, take TXU Energy with you! That way, clean solar energy will still be purchased for your new home.
Yes. The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.349888
Retrieved Text: What You Need To Know About Solar Panel Efficiency?
Purchasing Solar panels can be quite a tedious process.
There are lots of things to consider when purchasing a solar panel.
What type of Solar PV system to go for?
Where to install the system and so on..
What we tend to forget is how important Solar panel efficiency is when purchasing a Solar panel. We are not well informed regarding the efficiency of Solar panels.
Solar Panel Efficiency can make a huge difference to your savings. Do your research well on the Solar panel efficiency before you buy solar to reap rich dividends.
This blog will help you in this regard to better understand Solar Efficiency. In this post we look at the importance, factors to consider and ways to improve Solar efficiency.
Efficiency of a system refers to delivering greatest output from limited inputs for a system.
In relation to Solar Efficiency, it’s about how much power the Solar panels generate. The power generated has a direct correlation to the sunlight incident on it.
The one with higher efficiency produces more electricity with other conditions being ideal.
Most efficient solar panels in the world record efficiencies in the range of 18-22% as of date. Thin Film PV modules produce around 8% Solar efficiency. Recently Sunpower, a Solar PV manufacturer broke the record on Solar efficiency with 24.1% efficiency.
Solar Cell Efficiency is one of the key factors leading to higher Solar Panel efficiency. But it doesn’t mean that higher Solar cell efficiency leads to higher Solar panel efficiency. This is due to interspacing issues of the cells

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.34233
Retrieved Text: How effiicent are solar panels when the conditions are overcast ?
When weather conditions are overcast or cloudy there is still enough diffuse sunlight for the panels to produce electricity effectively. However your panels are at their most efficient during clear sunny days. If the weather is slightly overcast your diy solar panels should still generate at least 50% of what they would on a sunny day. If conditions are very dark and overcast your panels might only be producing as little as 10% of their normal sunny day output. For completely “Off the Grid” situations deep cycle batteries are needed as a backup power storage system for non sunny situations. This is not a problem if your diy solarsystem can use the main grid if a backup power source is needed. Basically if you are using more power that your solar unit can produce then you can use your local power company to make up the shortfall. The same also applies in reverse. If your diy solar panels are producing more power than you need the remainder of the power can be pumped back into the main grid supply. In may cases you will even get paid for doing so.
Is it possible for the solar cells themselves to store electricity?
No, that is not possible. The power generated by PV solar panels must be used right then and there or stored in deep cycle batteries.
Is solar electricity a safe power ?
In many ways yes. Solar panels are made mostly from silicone and we all know what silicone

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.302006
Retrieved Text: As the world continues to face problems such and climate change and fossil fuel shortages, finding and implementing alternative energies becomes increasingly important. All over the United States a new type of power plant is popping up: the solar farm. Most recently, Orlando Utility Commission (OUC) welcomed the first solar farm to Central Florida and are now building a community solar farm. So what exactly is a solar farm and what are the implications for the areas economy and carbon footprint? This article will explain all of that and more.
When most people hear the phrase solar farm, they are left in a complete state of confusion. A solar farm is a large group or array of solar panels built to collect the suns energy and turn it into usable electricity for the everyday person. Solar farms are currently being built large enough to power over 20,000 homes.
One may ask, “How this is achieved with certain places not getting full sunlight all year?” A common misconception is that the solar panel at a farm or even on your own roof will directly power the appliances and electronics in your home. On the contrary this power is actually supplied to the electric grid and then credited toward your bill at the end of each billing cycle.
Much of the power collected by a solar array happens during the afternoon when the sun is at a peak point in the sky. Most people are working during the day and not using electricity. Therefore a lot of potential energy absorbed by

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.69247
Retrieved Text: Solar Panel Education > Solar News > How To > How Much Energy Do Solar Panels Produce?
Solar panels have a rating based on how much DC power it produces under standard test conditions, which just happens to be 1000 watts of sunlight per square meter of surface. But if you’re not at the equator at noon on a sunny day without cloud cover, your solar panels will never function ideally. The average solar panel produces about 200 watts of electricity. This varies from solar panel to solar panel based on the size and efficiency of the panel. What will actually determine the amount of energy a solar panel produces is the solar panel efficiency, solar panel size, and the amount of sunlight hitting the panel.
Shade, the direction and angle your solar panels are facing, and the surrounding temperature will affect how efficient solar panels will be. Panels placed in shaded areas will receive less sunlight and thus produce less energy. Temperatures above 77o F decrease the efficiency of a solar panel. And if you want your solar panels to absorb the most amount of sunlight, they must be placed at an angle of 10-60 degrees facing south, west, or east.
The average size of an installed solar panel system is 5kW. On a sunny day, it should produce 5000 watts of power per hour. Larger solar panel systems will absorb more sunlight and produce more power and the opposite is true for smaller solar panel systems.
The hours of sunlight an area receives varies across the U.S. with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.638985
Retrieved Text: Solar is exciting. Assisting to save the atmosphere and save cash on your energy expenses is likewise amazing! Who would not wish to do that? And now that you have your planetary system and you are experiencing your initial winter season, is it what you expected? Do you have purchaser’s regret since the initial wintertime electric bill had not been what you anticipated? Have no fear, this is extremely common and what must be anticipated in the very first winter.
Brisbane based commercial solar system functions all year with web metering via your energy business. Net metering shops your overproduction during the summer season, autumn, and spring. Your utility business instantly applies credit histories stored during these months towards the winter season expenses to offset lower production months. If you haven’t yet had the time to construct up the overproduction credit histories from the spring summertime and fall, your winter months bill will be less than it was however not covered totally, at the very least not.
What can you do to ensure that your credits last with next winter season? Preserve. The credit scores you develop up ought to aid offset your electrical use with winter season if your habits do not change and your power consumption continues to be the exact same as before solar power Brisbane. The key is to stay clear of using even more power than utilised in the previous year. Even if you do take in even more power than expected, you’re still paying less with solar power than the ever-increasing energy

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.6299
Retrieved Text: The statement that solar energy is not currently economical is a lie. It is oil, gas, and coal that are not economical. The recent Solyndra debacle has nothing to do with the viability of the feasibility of solar power and everything to do with the risky nature of startup companies. Conversion to solar power does not require any government assistance. It only requires that society sets its mind to switching to this energy source.
Getting started with solar power is easy and relatively inexpensive. For as little as $700 you can purchase a “starter kit” that provides 235 watts. My own power bills dropped by $50 a month almost immediately when I switched to solar. By staying connected to the power grid, you can sell your excess electricity to the power company during the day and buy it back at night. Power companies are happy to do this because they make a profit on the transaction without any new investment on their part. As you install more capacity, the power bill drops further. You can price a complete conversion to solar energy for your own home at getsolar.com. Your power bill will go to zero if you store your power instead of selling it. Power outages no longer affect you.
Let me provide you with some points on how solar can help not only the environment, but also our daily lives. By changing the solar storage medium from batteries to hydrogen we gain a few advantages. First, we can use fuel cells to regenerate electricity. This has the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.46532
Retrieved Text: How and where should the panels be positioned?
For optimum electricity production, solar PV panels should be mounted on a sloping roof facing north under direct sunlight.
They should not be placed in shaded areas as this will result in less power and less savings. The optimal operating temperature for solar panels is 25°C.
Solar PV panels will still provide excellent performance if mounted facing anywhere from east, through north to west.
A minimum tilt of 10° is recommended to ensure self cleaning by rainfall. If your roof’s slope is not ideal, your accredited designer can create an appropriate mounting frame to correct the orientation and elevation of your panel.
Yes. You can add more panels but only up to the capacity of your inverter. So, make sure you install an appropriate inverter now or you will have to purchase an additional inverter when you increase your system.
How big is an inverter and where will it be installed?
The average size of an inverter is around 50cm (height) x 30cm (width) x 20cm (depth) and is normally installed in your garage.
Small-scale Technology Certificates (STCs) are an electronic form of currency created by the Renewable Energy (Electricity) Act 2000. When you install a system, you may claim a set number of STCs. This number is based on the amount of electricity in megawatt hour (MWh) generated by your system, where one STC is equivalent to one MWh of electricity generated by your solar PV system.
The number of certificates you can claim may vary depending on the location and size of your installed solar

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.37228
Retrieved Text: Do large utilities view solar customers as a real threat to their business? Solar, after all, cuts down on utility customer’s consumption of their core product (or dirty energy) which might impact profits. That said, utilities also benefit from rooftop solar, as many home solar producers sell back excess solar power to the utility companies, which is redistributed to other customers.
The benefits to the environment are obvious, however, Solar and the clean energy industry employ hundreds of thousands of people across the US and adding jobs at a rate 12 times faster than the rest of the economy. Despite these benefits, there is increasing and troubling signs in which anti-solar bills backed by utility commissions and private utilities are being pushed thru state legislation to eliminate net metering or other cost rewards of rooftop solar. Utility companies seem unwilling to relinquish their Darth Vader like grip on the energy grid and are making it ever more difficult (cost prohibitive) for homeowners to access affordable clean solar energy. Utilities are seeing the downside of solar for their bottom line, and fighting against solar power in several states.
So far, the utilities have had some success in Nevada and less successful in Florida. Discussions are ongoing in other states.
In December 2015, the Nevada Public Utilities Commission (PUC) enacted several regulations that effectively removed all potential financial advantages from installation of solar power. The regulations went into effect in early 2016. They granted NV Energy, the state’s sole utility, authority to charge solar power users monthly fees starting at $12

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.132797
Retrieved Text: What You Need to Know About Solar Energy!
Installing solar panels at you home, not only helps the environment, it can save in money for years to come. If you have been wondering about how solar panels work, or how they can benefit you, keep reading and find out!
Solar energy is energy that is captured from the sun. Each day the sun produces 120,000 terawatts that flow through the earth. This equates to 10,000 times more energy than what goes through our civilization at anytime. The sun is a natural nuclear reactor, and the energy it produces in not only renewable, but more than enough to power most households consistently for extended periods of time. In the United States alone there are 1.3 million solar installations, all with an accumulative capacity of around 40 gigawatts. To put that into perspective, the Solar Energy Industries Association approximates that 1 megawatt of electricity can sustain 164 households. By comparison 40 gigawatts is enough to power 6,560,000 homes! With these statistics it’s a wonder the entire world hasn’t embraced solar energy. Doing so would not only cut down on electricity costs, but it would help reduce the burning of fossil fuels and finite resources such as coal and oil.
What are Solar Panels Good for? How Do They Work?
Scientifically speaking, solar panels separate electrons from atoms, when this happens and conductors are connected to the panel a circuit is formed. As the separated electrons flow through this circuit, electricity is formed. Most solar panels are made from silicon, with a positive

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.1247
Retrieved Text: As the globes’ population has actually been dramatically increase yearly, using electricity has been put in the limelight once again. These power which is created by what we called innovation are being appreciate by a lot of country, yet claimed to be are diminishing as time passes. It is think that the resource of its power is restricted just as well as worst of it, these electrical energy has actually been confirmed that it includes in the damages that shedding fossil fuels is doing on our earth Earth. More individuals now leans towards a tidy living as well as an environment-friendly setting, that’s’ make them to look for alternative resource of electrical power for their daily use. Before this problem concerning power comes to be a worldwide dilemma, the ever before trustworthy technology once again showed his well worth, by introducing to us the solar battery power. It is what several experts think that it will certainly not only be an alternate resource of power however it will become the replacement of the electricity that’s’ been ploding us for years.
Before one could connect to this solar energy point, one need to completely recognize what it is and how does it function. For all we know, using solar energy has actually gotten to the understanding of many individuals for numerous years currently. As a matter of fact, many individuals now are starting to practice its use in their service as well as even in their houses. Several nations are starting to buy different research to additional establish

########
Rank: 12
Score: 31.814272
Retrieved Text: Organizations and individuals focused on solar innovation are bringing incredible advancements in solar technology to the world. Solar news is fascinating environmentally-conscious individuals everywhere. Taking advantage of solar energy to bring comfort and convenience to persons without damaging the environment is the way of the future. Wearable photovoltaics are cutting-edge devices in terms of solar innovation. How they work and why they work is intriguing. Solar innovation is sure to bring unprecedented changes to the world in the near future, and there are numerous advancements in solar which are here right now. Solar technology and wearable trends in fashion do, in fact, go hand in hand. Welcome to the exciting world of solar!
Wearable health and fitness trackers have become all of the rage in recent years. People want to stay healthy and in shape, and being able to wear a tracker has become extremely beneficial. The ability to track steps while walking, with accuracy, is amazing in itself. But technology is demanding change when it comes to fashion – customers want to know how products are created; they want to be able to easily obtain said products; and they want the product to offer convenience. This has led to a shift in goals when it comes to product creators, and a big focus on solar innovation is evident. In this respect, there is no shortage of solar news to bring attention to. Solar innovation has become a topic which people everywhere are paying attention to. Why? The short answer is simple: the need to protect the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.784431
Retrieved Text: What causes solar panel degradation?
Although crystalline solar power panels are often sold with 25- to 30-year lifespan guarantees, those 30-year-old modules won’t be performing as well as they did on Day 1. Performance declines as solar cells experience degradation due to unavoidable circumstances like UV exposure and weather cycles. Manufacturers realize this, so solar panels come with a power output or performance warranty that usually guarantees 80% production at 25 years.
So panels degrade automatically; that’s worked into their performance warranties. There are also outside forces that can contribute to a panel’s degradation and possible failure. We talked with Sarah Kurtz, research fellow at NREL and co-author of that oft-cited 2012 study, on how technology and manufacturing changes, along with installation practices, affect degradation rates.
According to NREL, modules can fail because of unavoidable elements like thermal cycling, damp heat, humidity freeze and UV exposure. Thermal cycling can cause solder bond failures and cracks in solar cells. Damp heat has been associated with delamination of encapsulants and corrosion of cells. Humidity freezing can cause junction box adhesion to fail. UV exposure contributes to discoloration and backsheet degradation. These things just happen, and it’s difficult to determine how bad the degradation will be.
Kurtz said module manufacturers are looking into every piece of the solar panel puzzle, all the way down to the encapsulants and adhesion materials, to try to slow degradation rates.
If it wasn’t bad enough that solar panels turn on themselves after years in the field, outside products can also contribute to degradation levels. The increased usage of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.772291
Retrieved Text: Solar energy is itself known for its affordable nature however installing solar equipments is not an easy and cheap affair. After reading this article you will learn how you can make use of sola to improve your home and lifestyle.
One of the common products obtained from solar energy is electricity which has become a basic necessity of every individual now. Solar panels of different specification are being manufactured now across the globe to capture the sun energy and convert them into electricity. A solar panel consists of a series of photovoltaic cell which converts the solar energy to electricity and stores them as well. These solar panels come in different sizes and specifications to meet the requirements of different kind of requirements raised by different group of society. Earlier use of solar energy to get electricity was only practiced in industries whereas nowadays people have started using it to power their houses also. It is indeed a dependable and efficient resource as they will long last till we have sun in the sky. Many companies offers solar panel on very affordable prices now which even a common man can afford. Still the number of solar panel users is less in the market but looking at the rise in scarcity of electricity generated by other sources of energy will certainly attract more masses towards the use of residential solar. So next time when you have a Black out in your residential colony do get a solar panel installed on the roof of your house.
There are other usages

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.722816
Retrieved Text: With the increasing push for renewable energy, the number of installations of photovoltaic solar plants is rising steeply. While a solar power plant essentially captures the freely and abundantly available solar energy, large one time and on-going costs are associated with commissioning and maintaining a solar power plant. This technical note elaborates on the working of PV plants, some weather parameters which affect the performance of the plant and role of a weather monitoring station in maintaining and improving the plant performance.
To begin with, let us have a quick look at the block diagram and basic functioning of a PV solar plant.
At the heart of any PV plant are solar panels which may or may not have a solar tracking system. The solar tracking system facilitates panel movement to ensure that the sun rays fall normally to the solar panels for most of the time and thus improves the energy output. The DC current generated from the solar panel goes to a voltage regulator and through it to the control unit. Since the PV panels generate DC power, an inverter is required to convert DC to AC. MPPT unit is also usually installed to ensure that the system operates at the maximum power point.
Performance of a solar plant is measured in terms of its Performance Ratio (PR). The performance ratio (PR) for a solar power plant is defined in IEC 61724  and is a metric commonly used to measure solar photovoltaic (PV) plant performance for acceptance and operations testing. The PR measures how effectively the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.564348
Retrieved Text: April 9, 2018 9:12 p.m.
The chart A SOLAR STAR makes no sense. KW are not generated, kWhs are. I assume the heading should be power generation capacity (kW). Even the average kWs per project in the chart varies widely. For example, in 2012 the average kW/project is 37, and in 2016 it is 7. Beyond this, to look at installed capacity is meaningless comparison. One should be looking at power generated (kWhs) each year and compare that to power generated by other sources. Solar generated electricity is so small compared to what is actually consumed from all other sources, to conclude solar is booming is misleading. The solar industry is also stuck in the 1970s relative to sales tactics. You don’t get the full story about its limitations, cost benefit assumtions, how much you really need and there is pressure to sign up “today”. Seldom is anything said about heating in winter, because a roof full if solar panels is not nearly enough. It is very difficult to get any actual data on how well a house can run with roof top panels only. The solar industry needs to educate people with this information before they buy. Of course, if they do, sales will go down a lot.
April 7, 2018 3:15 p.m.
We recently moved here from Los Angeles area. Edison costs for electricity is very high since the AC is going 7 or more months per year. Some months my bills were close to $1000.
I put solar panels on the house and recovered its cost in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.495016
Retrieved Text: CALB USA Inc. - How batteries can help <br>power the future?
Why do we need energy storage?
It is a fantastic thing to harvest energy from the earth in a sustainable way. Creating electricity through renewable means like wind, solar, or water will help us power the future. Building new industries, technology, jobs, and helping to extend the life of our Earth.
However, these renewable energy sources are not without their flaws. What happens when the energy sources are not constant? How do we manage the high points of renewable energy collection to maintain energy throughout the low points.
Solar energy is best created during daylight when the sun is in an ideal location to interact with the solar collection panels. Similarly the amount of power being generated through wind technology is the direct result of wind being present and a lack of wind means a lack of energy generation.
To overcome those obstacles there must be an energy storage system in place. Energy storage systems allow grid operators to manage their energy. On a large scale this means pulling energy from multiple sources to meet demands and on a small scale it means storing energy from a home PV system in a backup power supply.
Energy storage is made possible through the use of batteries. Batteries are able to properly store the energy created through renewable means to be used when needed. This creates a more efficient means of energy collection.
CALB USA Inc. sells the highest quality cells that can be used in small and large scale battery backup systems for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.464268
Retrieved Text: A common issue with something aspirational and very hot off the press is that everybody seems to think they know it inside out, yet very few get to reach the depths of reality. Solar too, is a victim to this. The general thought process is that, we have seen the sun right from our birth and how much more could there be about it or for that matter, about generating electricity from it? Most of you would be aware of the process but let's have a look at some of the solar energy information and facts.
It is fairly straightforward that solar energy falling onto solar panels is converted into electricity and is then transmitted through transmission lines, a bit like how conventional power generated is transmitted. It sounds really simple and easy. And perhaps, that is why, a lot of people think they know solar energy facts well, but there is more than what meets the eye. Not complicated stuff like a rocket lifting off, but a little more than what the next door neighbour would tell you. No wonder, there are several things that you hear about solar systems, that cannot be further away from the truth.
While we have tried to cover most of these in the form of FAQs on our site, we still thought, we will pick up the most common thoughts and facts about the solar system, that get peddled around as truth but in reality, aren’t.
We plan to do this in a series format, what you see here are five popular

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.4059
Retrieved Text: Reliable Source of Power Supply- Solar Energy is a reliable source of power supply. As the Sun rises you get power from Solar Modules and generate your own power.
Cost - Generating and utilizing your own solar power will minimize your electricity bill and will continue to save cost up to 25 years without being influenced by price fluctuations and other factors.
For Power Back Up- Solar Power Plant is the best option for Rural area where Power cuts happens and you need to requires power back to run your load.
Pollution- Solar power is a Pollution free green Energy and Noiseless operation.
Efficiency- When using a diesel generator, the device would go on and on, not considering the amount of power consumed. This can be avoided in case of Solar Power Plant.
Govt. Norms- The Ministry of Renewable Energy has done Solar Power Plant mandatory at every School, College, Hospitals, Malls, Hotels, and Society etc to meet the peak energy demand.
Return on Investment- If you calculate the cost of Electricity generated by Solar Power Plant in 25 years, it will be many times more than the project cost today.
Short Pay Back- Solar power plant give it cost back in the short Period of 3 to 5 years.
Life- Long life span of PV Modules up to 25 years.
When your solar energy system produces more power than you need, the meter literally spins backwards as that power is sent to the grid for others to use. Your next utility bill is credited for the power you have added to the grid.
Off-the-grid is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.156546
Retrieved Text: During its active stage, the star spews tonnes of plasma that can disrupt satellites and power grids. Is the world ready to protect itself?
ON FEBRUARY 13, the sun unleashed a massive solar flare. Three more followed on March 7, 9 and 19.
Flares originate from sunspots—areas on the sun’s surface that have high magnetic activity. These flares and other activities of the sun throw ionised gases or plasma towards the earth. The plasma has an electromagnetic field which, when interacts with the earth’s magnetic field, gives rise to a solar storm. Being the largest explosion in the solar system, a storm releases as much energy as a thousand billion atom bombs bursting together. It can knock out satellites affecting telecommunication; power grids causing blackouts; and disturb transport and finance systems.
The sun’s magnetic activity goes up and down on a fairly regular 11 year cycle. The highs are full of sunspots, the lows see less or no sunspots. At present, the sun is in the midst of an active phase of a solar cycle. This cycle is called the solar cycle 24 counting since 1755 when recording of solar sunspot activity began. According to scientific data, many solar storms are expected in the near future since the current cycle is reaching its peak. In August 2010, the first storm of the solar cycle 24 occurred. Before this, a storm happened in December 2006.
The good thing is, these episodes did not cause much destruction. The intensity of a solar storm depends on the direction of the plasma’s electromagnetic field.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.852198
Retrieved Text: What happens to solar energy generation when it’s cloudy or raining?
Photo-voltaic panels can use direct or indirect sunlight to generate power, though they are most effective in direct sunlight. Solar panels will still work even when the light is reflected or partially blocked by clouds.
Rain actually helps to keep your panels operating efficiently by washing away any dust or dirt.
If you live in an area with a strong net, energy generated by your panels during sunny hours will offset energy that you use at night and other times when your system isn’t operating at full capacity.
Are there other options if my roof is not suitable for solar installation?
While roof installations are most popular because they don’t require additional space, solar energy systems may also be installed on carports.
I am interested in installing solar on my home, what’s the first step?
We will receive your contact and we shall send our technical support team to perform a site survey.
Does Gennex inverter require solar charge controller?
No, Gennex inverter have in-built MPPT Solar charge controller, so you can install PV modules without the need to buy a solar charge controller.
How will I know the plan that best fit my requirement?
Our technical team will visit your site for a power audit and design a system that best fit your requirement.
Do I need batteries with the system?
How long will a home solar power system last?
What do the terms on-grid and off-grid mean?
On-grid (or grid-connected or grid-tied) means the solar energy system is connected to the utility electrical power grid. Off-grid refers to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.850725
Retrieved Text: Do you know why such cracks appear after concrete casting?
Issues of such cracks formation on the surface of fresh concrete, more particularly on the horizontal surfaces, are essentially due to the high evaporation rates causing the surface to dry out fast. They are called “Plastic Shrinkage cracks, which are generally parallel to each other and are shallow in depth. Mostly plastic shrinkage cracks do not impair the strength of concrete members. However, they can act as an access point for movement of aggressive chemicals into concrete and steel and impact the durability of the reinforced concrete structures. Such cracks can be minimized by taking proper precautionary measures during placing and finishing operations in the concrete.
Normally the cement in concrete reacts when it comes in contact with water and the process of setting and strength gaining in concrete takes place. During this process of chemical reaction, the cement liberates heat, which will promote the mix water into water vapour if the outside air temperature is also high. This liberation of heat is predominantly observed to be more in case of OPC cement than any blended cement. In addition to this, during the summer, the intensity of solar radiation and wind velocity, particularly in coastal areas, will further aggravate the evaporation of water in concrete. If such evaporation of water in concrete is more than the bleeding rate on the surface of concrete, then the chance of formation of plastic shrinkage cracks increases. Various research articles reveal that the bleeding rate for normal grade concrete is 1.0 kg/

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.785408
Retrieved Text: As the worlds’ population has actually been significantly boost yearly, using electrical energy has actually been placed in the spotlight once more. These power which is generated by what we called technology are being enjoy by a lot of country, however stated to be are diminishing as time goes by. It is believe that the resource of its power is limited only and also worst of it, these electrical energy has actually been proven that it contributes to the damages that burning fossil fuels is doing on our planet Earth. More individuals currently leans in the direction of a tidy living as well as an environment-friendly atmosphere, that’s’ make them to search for different resource of electricity for their everyday usage. Prior to this trouble concerning power ends up being a globally crisis, the ever dependable technology once more confirmed his worth, by introducing to us the solar cell power. It is what numerous professionals believe that it will not only be an alternative source of power yet it will certainly end up being the replacement of the electrical energy that’s’ been ploding us for decades.
Prior to one can relate to this solar energy thing, one have to fully understand what it is and exactly how does it feature. For all we know, the use of solar energy has reached the understanding of many individuals for numerous years currently. In fact, many individuals currently are starting to exercise its usage in their service and also even in their houses. Several countries are starting to invest in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.754656
Retrieved Text: If you do have any more questions on how solar rebates can help you or how STCs and feed-in tariffs can affect your decision to go solar, please feel free to contact us.
What is a solar rebate, how does it help you and why did the federal government introduce it? To put it short, a rebate is how much you will get back from the person you’re buying from. In the solar industry, this is how rebates exactly work. You purchase a solar system, but you don’t buy it for the full amount as a portion of that cost will be returned to you! On top of that, the solar rebate also assists you with the excess power you don’t use from the solar system, as there will be a credit on your electricity bill specifically for that.
Over the past few years, the government has introduced the Renewable Energy Act. This was established in order to encourage generation of electricity from renewable energy sources, reduce green house gas emissions and support ecologically sustainable renewable energy technologies. The federal government have expanded the target of electricity generated from renewable sources such as solar, wind, hydro and bio-mass to 20% of electricity generation by 2020. It is because of this expanded target, in which the Renewable Energy Act was introduced, as there is now a large demand by Australian households for PV solar systems.
It was in August 2009 when the Federal Labor Government first introduced the Solar Credits Scheme. This scheme entitles home owners and businesses to have

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.695843
Retrieved Text: Note: limited screenshots are available due to the business proprietary nature of much of the content. Contact Tom at Ethical Power for more details.
Mikesimagination.net was engaged by Ethical Power to develop a web-based application to fulfil two primary purposes: The first being an administration 'tool' for managing all aspects of their solar energy installations.. not only handling rolling tariff updates, meter readings, reporting (financial and otherwise), invoicing and so on but also monitoring the performance of their installations and hence fault monitoring.
The second aspect was to provide client and investor facing 'dashboards' with tools to allow both clients and investors to see how their installations are performing, download various reports and so on. A number of clients are schools so the platform also includes dynamically generated pictorial representations that can be used in an educational context. The various reporting tools also feature subtle animations to help keep the user experience as engaging and intuitive as possible.
There are presently around 100 sites around the UK being managed by the application with more being added on a regular basis.
It has changed the way we do business..

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.66602
Retrieved Text: The clean, green efficiency and cost-effectiveness of solar panel kits for motorhomes is fast catching on.
But whilst choice is a good thing, wading through everything that’s out there, just to find the advice and products which are best for your specific needs, can be overwhelming.
Here at Sunstore, we pride ourselves in creating the most comprehensive and appropriate motorhome solar panel kits – and we have decades of expert knowledge about how it all works, which products suit which systems and the latest technologies.
If we ever discover a potential issue we look to upgrade it accordingly. We know all about 12v solar panel kits as we regularly install them ourselves. Many trader installers also prefer our kits due to the design and ease of installation.
Of course, our technical backup is always on hand to help too, starting right now with the answers to some of those frequently-asked questions about motorhome solar panel kits.
What does a kit include?
What are all the power terms, and what do they mean?
What else do I need to know about wattage (power)?
Can I get a solar panel kit to suit my budget?
What’s the difference between a free-standing system and a fixed system?
How easy is a kit to install as DIY?
Can I get someone to install the kit for me?
How do I work out what size system I need?
#1: What does a kit include?
A 12v Solar panel: Each type of kit sold by Sunstore, whether free-standing or fixed, will include a high quality, MCS-certified panel. The size of the panel will depend on how

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.656584
Retrieved Text: The New York State Public Service Commission (PSC) today approved the Port Authority’s request to proceed with renewable solar power projects at John F. Kennedy International Airport, which will help the agency meet its aggressive greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reduction goals.
PSC’s action allows the Port Authority, in collaboration with New York Power Authority (NYPA), to move forward with plans to create more than 10 megawatts of on-site solar facilities at JFK, including a 5 megawatt solar generation facility that will offer power at reduced rates to nearby communities.
Residents, particularly those in low-income neighborhoods, would have first access to purchase solar-generated renewable energy at a reduced rate from their normal utility bill. The facility would be sited on a portion of JFK’s long-term parking lot.
In New York State, Community Solar programs make clean, renewable, solar-generated energy available to those who otherwise could not afford to install a solar-powered generating system themselves. Low-income families, and/or those living in multi-unit residential housing are the intended recipients of these projects.
The project is part of the agency’s interim target to lower GHG emissions 35 percent by 2025 and long-term reduction goal of 80 percent by 2050. JFK’s solar initiative is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 4,374 tons annually.
In October 2018, the Port Authority Board embraced the Paris Climate Agreement, becoming the first transportation agency in the nation to do so. Soon after, the agency’s Office of Environmental and Energy Programs sought interest from developers for the JFK solar project in a Request For Information (RFI), which generated numerous positive responses.
The

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.515064
Retrieved Text: Before we tell you how weather and the elements get inside the rocks, we have to explain what we mean. The land erodes. When it rains or the air heats up, how can it affect rocks deep inside if everything is solid? Good question! We're glad you asked.
ONE: We talked about volcanoes before. Those volcanoes have lava vesicles (the tubes that bring lava to the surface). When those vesicles cool, sometimes holes remain. Those holes are like tubes that go directly into the bedrock. Weather, water, and heat/cold can get in those vesicles and affect the bedrock.
TWO: When any type of earthquake happens, sometimes faults develop. Those faults are cracks in the surface and in the bedrock. Wherever there is a way in, the weather will get inside and start eroding the bedrock.
THREE: You already know that the Earth is always moving. When stress on the land happens, small joints can occur. Joints are tiny cracks in the land. They aren't big like a fault. They are small cracks sometimes created by folding on the surface.
FOUR: Solution cavities are something special. There are special rocks out there with a lot of calcium. Limestone is a good example. Those rocks are (compared to others) very soft. When water gets near them, the rocks can dissolve easily. When they dissolve, cavities are created. Those cavities are small holes in the rocks. As time passes, the holes allow more and more water in, and the temperature/weather begins to erode the rock.
FIVE: Last are the super tiny holes, microscopic spaces

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.432974
Retrieved Text: An award-winning Gloucestershire packaging company is making a major investment in its drive to use recyclable materials and reduce its carbon footprint through the use of renewable resources.
Leeways Packaging Services at Churcham, near Gloucester is already leading the way by using 90 per cent recyclable materials in the manufacturing of thermoformed packaging solutions for its customers.
Now it is going one step further with plans to power its business using renewal resources from a proposed solar photovoltaic (pv) installation on land next to its Lobstock House headquarters.
If approved next month (December) by Forest of Dean District Council planners, the solar panel installation will save 172 tonnes of carbon dioxide per annum that would otherwise be generated by traditional fossil fuels.
Some 86 per cent of the electricity generated by the installation will be used by Leeways with the other 14 per cent going back into the National Grid to help power local properties.
The new installation will include 1,742 solar panels on the two and a half acre site producing enough electricity to power the equivalent of more than 110 homes for a year.
With the cost of traditionally generated energy continuing to soar, switching to solar power makes good financial sense. Over the 25-year life span of the Leeways installation it is estimated it will save the company more than £3 million in power costs.
Since being founded in 1971, family-owned Leeways has become a leading supplier of thermoformed packaging to a variety of industries from major supermarket chains to the medical sector. The company now employs 150 people at

================



======= Instance Index 13 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The human body takes a breath inward
- Air is transported to the lungs
- Air reaches the alveoli, the smallest air sacs in the lungs
- In the alveoli, air passes into the blood within small capillaries
- The gaseous oxygen in the air dissolves into the capillary blood
- The dissolved oxygen is picked-up by red blood cells
- The red blood cells bind the oxygen via a protein called heme
- Red blood cells circulate throughout the body and reach the various tissues
- Within small capillaries, the heme release the oxygen
- The oxygen can then reach the cells within the tissue
- 

Question:
suppose using less water happens, how will it affect less air is transported to the lungs.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.431683
Retrieved Text: Controlling buoyancy while diving is the most important aspect of enjoying your dive, besides having a good, fog-free mask. The feeling of weightlessness is the reason many people love to dive. Seeing cool things is, of course, at the top of the list, but if you cannot control your buoyancy you will not be able to enjoy the underwater sights.
Buoyancy is a skill divers constantly practice and is one of the most difficult to master.
There are several ways to adjust your diving buoyancy once underwater.
The jacket. This piece of equipment can inflate and deflate and is fine to use for larger adjustments especially when diving in colder temperatures where more weight is needed to counteract the amount of neoprene worn to keep warm! Remember, you only need enough weight to counteract the flotation of your equipment. Many novice divers confuse buoyancy with adding more weight. Take a refresher on how to perform a diving buoyancy check and stick to the results.
Adding or subtracting weight will affect your diving buoyancy. Many beginning divers use too much weight and have a difficult time counteracting the downward pull. This leads to other problems. You feel as if you are sinking. So you kick up. You are exercising more which means you are breathing harder, filling your lungs, which is also causing you to go up. You think you need more weight and add more which only exacerbates the problem. The least amount of weight you can use, the better off you will be. Notice how much weight your instructor

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.052174
Retrieved Text: Although cystic fibrosis affects many parts of the body, the focus is often on the lungs because of the disease's effect on breathing.
Breathing problems (also called respiratory or pulmonary problems) affect the lungs and the airways and are the most serious problems associated with CF. The severity of respiratory problems differs for each person. For most people with CF, lung disease affects how well they do and how long they live. Many treatments are available to keep the lungs as healthy as possible.
The right lung has three lobes -- upper, middle, and lower. The left lung has two lobes -- upper and lower. The lobes branch off into smaller segments. Airway clearance techniques (ACTs) help clear the mucus from these segments. Each segment has airways (bronchi), air sacs (alveoli), and blood vessels (arteries, veins, and capillaries). Oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged between the blood and air in the air sacs.
The upper respiratory tract filters out particles such as dust and germs in the air we breathe. It also warms and moistens that air.
The lower respiratory tract starts at the trachea (the main windpipe), just below the vocal cords, and keeps branching until it gets to the air sacs.
The airways have cells with “house cleaning” tools called cilia (small hair-like structures). They move together to push the dust, germs, and mucus out of the lungs where it can be coughed out. The cilia are normally bathed in a thin layer of fluid that is kept at just the right volume and has a mixture of chemicals

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.39916
Retrieved Text: If you’re particularly concerned about the air quality in your home, consider replacing your aging air filter with a HEPA System Air Filter.
An Air Filter is a device that removes airborne particles that if inhaled, are harmful to humans. Examples of airborne particles include dust, pollen, fungal spores, pet dander etc. A HEPA (High Efficiency Particulate Air) Air Filter removes almost all air pollutants. The Lennox Healthy Climate HEPA System Air Filter is an example of a HEPA System Air Filter that removes up to 99.97% of pollutants.
Particulate matter, also known as PM, refers to a range of particles found in the air that are less than 2.5 microns in diameter (the average size of a human hair is 60 microns).
Particulate matter can be liquid, solid or a mixture of both. Anything that’s 2.5 microns in size or less is small enough to be carried by air and humans run the risk of breathing it into their lungs. You can’t see particulate matter – it can only be seen using a microscope.
Another example of particulate matter is mold. It refers to a range of fungus that grows on damp building materials or food. Sometimes molds can be observed in a variety of colors; in some cases, they can’t be seen, you’re only aware of it because of their musty odor. Having mold present in the home contributes to poor air quality.
Mold grows wherever there’s moisture. This moisture could be a result of water leaks, flooding, or high humidity from everyday activities like showering or cooking.
A study

########
Rank: 3
Score: 32.68929
Retrieved Text: Take a deep breath. Feel your diaphragm lower as your chest rises. Take another breath. Feel the air as it moves past the back of your throat. Right now you’re meditating, that’s all it is. Just focusing on the breath and letting other thoughts fade. The breath plays an important role in our lives even though it often takes a backseat to other thoughts. Well not today! I guarantee you’ll be thinking about your breathing while discovering how and why we breathe in the first place.
Let’s start by looking back at our evolutionary grandparents, the fish. Living in water means you can move in all three dimensions. Fish can adjust their buoyancy (ability to float) by pulling in or letting out gas from their swim bladder. We know that mutations are random which means there were a few individuals who developed multiple swim bladders. Now let’s say a drought hits and some fish living in rivers are stranded in shallow pools. Less water with the same amount of fish means that there is less oxygen for each fish. Those individuals that could gulp air into their extra swim bladders had a better chance of absorbing more oxygen.
Those swim bladders would eventually adapt into what we call lungs. Some of the gulping fish continued life underwater, using a mix of gills and lungs to breathe. Others wandered out of their aquatic environment and onto the land to find more sources of food; those individuals would become the first amphibians.
Over time, muscles developed to surround the lungs to

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.999487
Retrieved Text: Open water students are over weighted in the beginning because it is easier to add air to the BCD to become buoyant than hold them down with too little weight.
Why does a newer diver use more weight than a more seasoned diver?
The short answer is breathing control. A newer diver is reacting to the instinct of holding your breath when your face is underwater. Although not really holding their breath, they tend to keep their lungs inflated much more than a very relaxed diver would. Often when they exhale, they quickly inhale so as not to leave their lungs empty. With full lungs they use much more weight to keep them balanced.
They also tend to exhale slow but inhale quickly. Again not wanting their lungs to be short of air. Most of the time they don't even realize they are doing it. I have seen new divers use 28 to 30 lbs of weight in warm water with a 3 mil suit and they were not fat. By the end of the weeks trip with just a little training, the same diver was diving 16 lbs.
With experience and training they relax and breathe more normally. Less weight to keep them balanced and they tend to make a tank last longer. I share with most newer divers that continuing their training has many benefits. Less weight = easier buoyancy control which makes a tank last longer and it is a much more enjoyable experience.
2 classes I think are mandatory. 1 Advanced Open Water. You already know how

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.828053
Retrieved Text: Emphysema Treatment in Florida | What is Emphysema?
If you’re unsure about whether or not you need emphysema treatment in Florida, its important to understand the condition. Emphysema is a type of lung condition that affects about 3.1 million people in the United States. When someone has emphysema, it means he or she has damage to the air sacs in the lungs. Over a period of time, the walls on the inside of the air sacs weaken and rupture. When this happens, the air spaces get larger which reduces the surface area of the lungs. As a result, less oxygen is able to get to the bloodstream. This is because air becomes trapped, which prevents fresh, oxygen-rich air from coming in. Risk factors for emphysema include smoking cigarettes and being exposed to harmful chemicals.
Someone can have emphysema for a long time before noticing any symptoms. The most common symptom of this condition is shortness of breath. This will usually start out as a mild symptom and gradually get worse over time. It’s important to contact a health care professional when shortness of breath starts to affect daily activities, such as walking up the stairs. It’s also important to seek medical attention if one’s lips or fingernails turn blue with exertion and/or he or she is not mentally alert. Other symptoms include coughing, chest tightness, wheezing and an increase in mucus production.
Get the Best Emphysema Treatment in Florida!
If you or a loved one has emphysema, it’s important to seek professional help right away. Although there is no cure

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.64587
Retrieved Text: Hay fever is swelling of the lining inside of the nose.
Hay fever is also called allergic rhinitis.
The swelling is caused by breathing in something to which you are allergic (an allergen).
Other triggers such as air pollution, dry air, strong odors and smoke can also make hay fever worse.
What Are The Signs of Hay Fever?
When Does Hay Fever Occur?
Some people have symptoms of hay fever year round.
Other people have hay fever that only occurs in certain seasons or after exposure to triggers such as pets.
How Do You Treat Hay Fever?
An important part of treating hay fever is to first identify your allergies.
Remove, avoid or reduce exposure to your allergy triggers and irritants, like tobacco smoke.
Keep doors and windows shut during pollen season and limit outdoor activity during this time.
Antihistamines and nasal steroid sprays are the most commonly used medicines to treat hay fever.
Talk to your doctor about the right medicine for you.
Decongestant nasal sprays will help, but should be used for no more than 3-5 days. Longer use can increase nasal symptoms.
Allergy shots are sometimes used for people with severe hay fever and seasonal problems to grass, tree or weed pollen.
Allergy shots are given to make a person less sensitive to their allergens.
Speak to your doctor to learn more about hay fever.
How Does Hay Fever Affect Asthma?
The nose, windpipe and airways in the lungs make up the respiratory system.
Hay fever affects the nose and asthma affects the lungs.
The nose acts as a filter to the airways. The nose also warms up and adds moisture to the air

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.455275
Retrieved Text: Chronic bronchitis: In chronic bronchitis, the airways that carry air to the lungs get inflamed and make a lot of mucus. This can narrow or block the airways, making it hard for you to breathe.
Emphysema: In a healthy person, the tiny air sacs in the lungs are like balloons. As you breathe in and out, they get bigger and smaller to move air through your lungs. But with emphysema, these air sacs are damaged and lose their stretch. Less air gets in and out of the lungs, which makes you feel short of breath.
COPD gets worse over time. You can’t undo the damage to your lungs. But you can take steps to prevent more damage and to feel better.
Other things that may put you at risk include breathing chemical fumes, dust, or air pollution over a long period of time. Second-hand smoke is also bad.
At times, your symptoms may suddenly flare up and get much worse. This is called a COPD exacerbation. An exacerbation can range from mild to life-threatening. The longer you have COPD, the more severe these flare-ups will be.
Do a physical examination and listen to your lungs.
Have you do a simple breathing test called spirometry to find out how well your lungs work.
The only way to slow COPD is to quit smoking. This is the most important thing you can do. It is never too late to quit. No matter how long you have smoked or how serious your COPD is, quitting smoking can help stop the damage to your lungs.
It’s hard to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 31.365835
Retrieved Text: Chronic Asthmatic Bronchitis – Every time you breathe, the air enters the nose and mouth. Flow down your throat and into a series of alleys called Air tube bronchial tubes. The tube must be open to the air to reach the lungs, where oxygen is passed to the blood to be transported to the body tissue.
If the channel is inflamed, the water was more difficult to get into your lungs. With less air entry, you can experience shortness of breath. Humming and coughing may try to draw more oxygen through the narrow passages.
Bronchitis and asthma are two cases of inflammation of the airways. Acute bronchitis is the Keradangan layer of the airways, which usually resolves itself after the task is run. This is caused by a bacterial infection or virus. Chronic bronchitis, which is durable, can be performed by long-term exposure to environmental irritants such as tobacco smoke, dust or chemicals.
“Breathing phrase easy ” takes a new meaning when you or a loved one has asthma. Sizzling, coughing, shortness of breath, fear and anxiety that can accompany asthma attacks that may be very familiar. But things become more complicated if you have asthma and descended with a case of acute bronchitis.
While the symptoms of bronchitis, such as wheezing and shortness of breath, are similar to asthma symptoms, there are some important variations, and this is what causes symptoms in each case and how to treat each. Here is what you need to know about the state of the lungs.
Acute bronchitis is the cause of a bacterial

########
Rank: 9
Score: 31.258768
Retrieved Text: You’ll also sometimes hear barometric pressure expressed in millimeters (or inches). This is because barometric pressure was traditionally measured using a mercury-filled device called a barometer. Using these alternate units of measurement, average atmospheric pressure at sea level is around 750 mm-Hg (29.5 in-Hg). That number measures the height of a vertical column of mercury inside the device.
However you choose to measure it, this pressure is a result of the weight of the air in a column extending from sea level to an altitude of 100 km (62 miles), which is where the atmosphere effectively ends and the vacuum of outer space begins. You don’t normally feel it, since the same pressure exists inside your body. But if you change altitude rapidly, or if there’s a significant change in pressure at ground level, you can often feel it in your sinuses, or your ears might “pop” as your internal body pressure attempts to equalize with the ambient air pressure.
By comparison, if you are under water (which is much heavier than air), a depth of only 10 meters (33 feet) will produce the same pressure as 100 km of air. This why scuba divers require pressurized air to inflate their lungs for breathing.
For weather purposes, the numerical value for the barometric pressure is less important than whether it’s increasing or decreasing, both of which portend a change in weather conditions due to an approaching high or low pressure system — those are the big H‘s and L‘s you always see on weather maps. Normal highs and lows

########
Rank: 10
Score: 31.24495
Retrieved Text: Air is the most vital element for humans and animals. We could survive for weeks without food, or days without water, but deprived of air, we would perish within minutes.
The human body must have oxygen; each of its 100 trillion cells must receive steady, fresh supplies to survive. Every day, you take more than 17,000 breaths to keep your body fueled. The heart sends blood to the lungs where it drops off carbon dioxide for elimination and picks up fresh oxygen for delivery to every cell in the body.
Fresh air has many health benefits. It improves the brain's ability to function, gives clarity to the mind, improves concentration, and boosts learning abilities. It gives a sense of happiness and well-being by altering brain levels of serotonin. It promotes quality sleep, and kills bacteria and viruses in the air. Pollution causes air to lose these capabilities.
Environmental impurities affect people in a number of ways. Symptoms include sore throats, burning eyes, coughing, sluggishness, nausea, headaches, dizziness, exhaustion, and depression. Pollution is also associated with increased asthma and other respiratory problems, and many of pollution's contaminants have been linked to increased rates of cancer and other illnesses.
In closed areas the same air can be breathed and re-breathed. The oxygen content decreases, and the carbon dioxide and other wastes increase. When we breathe this stale air, the supply of oxygen is insufficient to keep the cells fueled. Impure air increases tension, anxiety, irritability, and headaches. It promotes depression and chronic feelings of fatigue and exhaustion.
Supplying the body with pure air

########
Rank: 11
Score: 31.19799
Retrieved Text: Question 1 Name the flap which closes the glottis to check the entry of food into it during swallowing?
Question 2 What happens to the diaphragm when diaphragm muscles contract?
Question 3 Name the cavity in which the lungs of man are enclosed.What is its function?
Question 4 State the function of epiglottis?
Question 5 Explain the path of transfer of oxygen from trachea to tissue cell?
Question 6 Respiration is a vital function of body.Why?
Question 7 Explain the mechanism of gaseous exchange between tissue and blood?
Question 8 Describe the respiratory system in human beings?
Question 9 Name the respiratory pigment in humans?
Question 10 What is diaphragm?
Terrestrial animals can breathe the oxygen in the atmosphere.
Animals that live in water need to use the oxygen dissolved in water.
Rate of breathing in aquatic organism is much faster than seen in terrestrial animals because amount of dissolved oxygen is low in water than in the air.
1)Nose:There is a pair of external nostrils at the lower end of nose.The air enters through the nostrils.The air passing through nostrils is filtered by fine hairs that lines the passage.The passage is lined with mucus which help in this process.
2)Throat or Pharynx:The nasal passage open behind into pharynx.It is a common passage for food and air.It leads into an air tube called trachea through a slit called glottis.The glottis always remain open except during swallowing.The glottis bear a flap called epiglottis.During swallowing epiglottis closes the glottis to avoid entry of food into air pipe.
3)Trachea:It is a thin walled tube that extends downwards through the neck and divides into 2

########
Rank: 12
Score: 30.89398
Retrieved Text: How does smoking affect my heart and lungs?
How does smoking increase my risk of cancer?
Emphysema or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is the slow destruction of the tissue in the lung. Over time, this makes it harder to get air in and out of the lungs and move oxygen from the lungs into the blood. In the US, COPD is almost exclusively a disease of smokers, and it results from a chronic exposure to the tar and chemicals in cigarette smoke. In less developed countries, COPD often results from cooking in small spaces over open fires. The smoke from cigarettes is actually worse than wood or other smoke due to the nicotine, which paralyzes the small hairs in the airways that are responsible for cleaning out anything that makes its way into the lungs.
Quitting smoking helps COPD in two ways. The first is that you avoid inhaling carbon monoxide, which poisons red blood cells and prevents them from carrying oxygen. This is particularly important for people whose lungs no longer move oxygen into the bloodstream well. The second is that you stop the ongoing damage and worsening of symptoms. Although quitting can’t undo any damage that’s been done, it slows down the progression of the disease, because you aren’t continuing to damage your lungs. It’s never too late to benefit from quitting, even if you have emphysema.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 30.865683
Retrieved Text: With asthma you can experience asthma attacks in which you have trouble breathing, you're wheezing and coughing. This is caused by the small tubes that distribute the air through your lungs tightening and closing up, making it harder for the air to flow through.
Asthma patients sometimes have no symptoms for weeks on end, after which they can have a few weeks of symptoms. For example, they can be coughing at night for weeks after a cold or after the flu.
Is asthma serious and should I see a doctor?
Asthma attacks are very bothersome and can be scary, when you have the feeling you're not getting enough air. Asthma is a rather common disease and usually isn't serious, but it's possible to have an attack so severe that you actually can't get enough air, which can be dangerous. A doctor can prescribe medication to prevent attacks and to stop an ongoing attack. It's important to see a doctor when you suspect you have asthma.
What can I do about asthma myself?
When exercise provokes an attack, try light exercise like walking and cycling.
How does asthma affect my body?
In the lungs the air is distributed through the lungs through very small tubes. In asthma patients these tubes become a bit inflamed which causes them to tighten, which makes it harder for the air to flow through. This causes asthma patients to be out of breath and feel shortness of breath more quickly.
In certain situations asthma symptoms can suddenly severely increase. These situations are called asthma attacks. During an asthma attack the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 30.712404
Retrieved Text: Of course it is an integral part of your scuba gear and the scuba regulator is useless without most of the scuba diving equipment – the point is though – if your regulator fails you are definitely going to have a problem.
Of all your scuba diving equipment, this is the item I would say it isn’t worth trying to go cheap. If you buy a good one, and then maintain it well, it will last you a lot longer than any of the other scuba gear you buy.
DINS – which is a lot less common and screws directly into the outlet valve on the Scuba cylinder.
When you go to a dive centre they will ask you if you need an ‘insert’ this is an adaptor which is used to adapt the cylinder for an ‘A-Clamp’ fitting.
Many experienced divers will tell you DINS scuba regulator first stage is the better fitting – I think it is slightly less common but a valid point is that it is less likely to ‘blow’ an ‘O-Ring’. This is when the air pressure foirces the rubber seal out and then air begins to escape at a very loud as well as high rate. When it happens it can give you quite a fright!!
While I think of it – you will often see divers setting up their gear, then having opened up the air from their cylinder, bend down and listen for leaking air – DON’T DO THIS! If the ‘O-Ring’ blows while you are bent down listening, your ear drum is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 30.561907
Retrieved Text: asthma cure is the treatment of patients suffering form asthma. Asthma is a disease that affects your airways. These are small tubes that carry air to and from the lungs. When the air is running or being transported in and out of the lungs does not make it, attack is bound to occur.
These types of attacks occur when the patient is exposed to different conditions. This causes irritation of the respiratory tract and in turn causes asthma. These are chest tightness, shortness of breath, coughing and wheezing. In this case asthma cure is needed is different. Inhaler tablets and treatments are some of the doctors used. The different types of inhaler as a preventive inhaler as rescue medication to help prevent having an attack or reduce the chances of this.
The relievers help to give relief to the patient on the occasion of the attack. Other asthma physicians are using tablets. The tablets are used to control the asthma conditions. There are different types of asthma. They have several characteristics in different types of asthma. They have several characteristics in different individuals. This is so because the asthma is triggered by different conditions not. We have conditions such as weather, colds and viral infections.
Exposure to animals you may have allergies can also trigger this condition, rating, dust mites, allergy medicine, mold and fungi. You can control the disease, but it has no permanent cure. Asthma cure available are more or less control measures to prevent further damage or incidence of asthma. One has got to be particular

########
Rank: 16
Score: 30.540392
Retrieved Text: Patent ductus arteriosus, or PDA, is a congenital heart defect common in premature babies in which the ductus arteriosus (a vessel connecting the pulmonary artery to the descending aorta) fails to close.
When this happens, it allows some of the baby’s blood to bypass the lungs. If left untreated, PDA can lead to pulmonary hypertension, cardiac arrhythmia (irregular heartbeat), and congestive heart failure.
PDA affects nearly half of all micro preemies (delivered before 26 weeks or weighing less than one pound) and 15 percent of preemies born at 30 weeks. Few late-preterm babies have a PDA.
Before birth, a baby’s blood is oxygenated by the placenta and not the lungs. Because of this, the respiratory system of the fetus is very different from that of a newborn.
In fetuses, a small amount of blood goes directly into the fluid-filled lungs to nourish them. The rest is distributed to the body as blood is channeled through the ductus arteriosus, into the aorta, and out of the heart.
Upon birth, the respiratory function changes: the baby begins to breathe air, and any blood transported to the lungs is oxygenated. At this stage, the ductus arteriosus is meant to close. When it doesn’t, some of the deoxygenated blood bypasses the lung and is re-routed to the aorta where it is pumped to the body in deoxygenated form.
If a PDA is suspected, an echocardiogram of the heart will typically be performed. The technique, also known as a cardiac echo, uses sound waves to capture motion in the heart. A chest X-ray may also be ordered

########
Rank: 17
Score: 30.148804
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 30.114458
Retrieved Text: Your Friday Dose of Woo: If our intestines were lungs we could drink our oxygen!
With all the vaccination “skeptics” who’ve crawled out of the woodwork over the last couple of days in response to my two posts about Dawn Winkler, the Libertarian candidate for the Governor of Colorado who happens to be a rabid antivaccination activist, not to mention totally clueless and nasty about autistic children (and who even showed up to play the faux amusement bit on my blog), I briefly contemplated antivaccination woo as this week’s topic. It would have fit well thematically and flowed naturally from previous posts and dicussion on the matter. After all, there is an incredible amount of woo in the antivaccination movement, including non-evidence-based claims that vaccines cause autism, sudden infant death syndrome, and a variety of other diseases, coupled with the claims that vaccines do not really prevent the diseases they are designed to prevent. Couple with that the addtional woo ranting about “fetal parts” in vaccines and a number of other woo-filled hysterical claims, it would on the surface seem like a ripe target for YFDoW.
I just can’t seem to stay light-hearted about that.
Fortunately, there is another bit of woo that I’ve been meaning to write about, particularly since there’s a fairly recent study that provides rather compelling evidence that it is indeed woo. (Of course, a simple understanding of basic human physiology would just as convincingly show that it is woo, but it’s nice to have a study.) I’m talking about “oxygenated” water and drinks.
Why add

########
Rank: 19
Score: 30.087719
Retrieved Text: Ultrafine particles: How do the get into the human body?
During welding, ultrafine particles are created which are breathed in or swallowed by welders. The smallest particles often cause the greatest damage. Yet, how exactly do these ultrafine particles affect the welder? And what kind of defense mechanism does the human body have?
The majority of particles in welding fumes are ultrafine (ultrafine is in this context a further grading of respirable). Particles less than 0.1 microns in size are classed as ultrafine. Due to their small size, they can reach the finest parts of the lung as part of the air we breathe. There, they can cause inflammatory responses and then reach the bloodstream through which they spread in the body and infect other organs. The effect of ultrafine particles on the human body depends mainly on their chemical composition, shape, size, surface texture and other factors. Ultrafine particles can get into the body via several “entrances”.
Studies on titan and zinc oxide have so far not been able to prove that ultrafine particles of less than 0.1 micron in size can penetrate healthy skin. This is mostly due to the relatively thick top layer of human skin which consists of a so-called keratinized cell layer. However, there are some indications that ultrafine particles can accumulate in the skin pockets of hair roots. These open during hair growth which allows particles to penetrate deeper layers. If the skin is damaged by sunburn or ill (e.g. due to psoriasis), then its barrier function is no longer guaranteed. Ultrafine particles

########
Rank: 20
Score: 30.028074
Retrieved Text: The mineral wheel illustration is a very useful visualization of the complexity of soil-mineral relationships first promoted by Mulder in 1953. It is a diagram showing how the levels of soluble/interactive minerals in the soil affect their uptake and utilization by plants. Though the mineral relationships it depicts are complex, it is actually a simplified version of the many complex relationships between soil minerals.
Any additions of minerals in the form of added fertilizer, etc.
Any loss of minerals from leaching, etc.
Luckily for us, nature has developed in the soil a system of equilibrium, buffering, leaching, and recycling that will go a long way toward balancing these complex relationships in the soil. The soil foodweb, plant roots, sunlight, water, microbes, and macrobes all play their part in creating the dynamic and robust balance that is biological farming. It is up to us to figure out how to facilitate these processes where we can while trying to do as little harm to them as possible.
The interaction between soils and plant life is heavily influenced by the mineral composition of the soil. Productive soils are made up of various forms of “parent “material, water, air, and organic matter (including living organisms). The parent material will vary in proportion of the various elements widely present at the earth’s surface. It will also vary in age, with “newer” rocks and minerals (volcanic, mountainous) having been on the earth’s surface a relatively short amount of time vs “older” minerals, which are eroded and transported to lower elevations. The erosion and transportation of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 29.916893
Retrieved Text: I’ve always loved fragrance, whether that was as perfume or using it to relax/lift the mood or freshen up the space in practically every room in my house. I was pretty sad when I came to realize that most air and fabric freshening sprays carry ingredients that were hormone disruptors, potential carcinogens and could harm my lungs and those of loved ones.
So what’s a girl to do? Well, easily make your own natural freshening sprays!
These are my favorite natural ingredients to make a wonderfully fragrant air & linen spray.
Shake before each use and DO experiment with different essential oils. The sky is the limit! Spritz away!
Because it includes water its shelf life is only a week which I find annoying (hence the small spray bottle). If you’re okay with that and just see it as an opportunity to change the smell up a bit, cool! If you want an air freshener without thinking about shelf life keep reading!
To create my own natural air freshener I have turned into a major cold water diffuser fangirl. Heating or even burning essential oils destroy the healthy plant properties and if you use anything less than 100% pure essential oils, let me save you the story about carcinogens and just say you’re in trouble.
I only need to fill it with water, a few drops of my favorite essential oil combinations and voila it dispels a beautiful fragrant mist. It is my absolute favorite way to freshen up my home, saves money because you’re only using small amounts and is safe

########
Rank: 22
Score: 29.872736
Retrieved Text: Many sports in today's action packed world require you to use a vast amount of air to be successful. While there is no way to increase the size of your lungs, there are many ways to increase the amount of air taken in by your lungs, and the efficiency with which they capture oxygen. Practice these exercises daily, and you are bound to see an increase in your lung capacity.
o Exhale completely. Don't let any air linger in your lungs. This allows more new, oxygen-rich air to come in. You can ensure the complete evacuation of your lungs by counting out loud. When you can no longer count out loud, you can expel no more air from you lungs.
o Expand your lower ribs and allow your diaphragm to descend by keeping your abdominal muscles relaxed. Your abdomen will expand as your diaphragm descends making more room around your lungs, allowing them to fill with air.
o Widen your hands, holding them further away from your body, to help open up your chest.
o Inhale for two counts, and exhale for three counts. Maintain this ratio consistently.
o Breathe in normally, through your nose. Take deep breaths.
o Breathe out through your mouth with your lips still close together. Open them just slightly so a little bit of air can get out, and with resistance. Try and do this as often as possible -- it makes the sacs in your lungs more used to having to hold air longer, stretching them out.
o Develop a normal stretching and weight lifting routine out

########
Rank: 23
Score: 29.835594
Retrieved Text: As temperatures rise and rainfall dwindles, we find ourselves in a negative feedback loop.
When it is hot, we use more power to stay cool.
When it is dry, we use more water to keep the landscape alive.
Power production uses a lot of water.
The treatment and pumping of water consumes a lot of power.
Producing more power, particularly when it is coming from burning coal, puts more pollution in the air.
When it's hot, those pollutants react in the atmosphere and form ozone, which can cause damage to lungs and air passages.
As water supply dwindles and heat rises, it becomes harder to use that water in the power generation process.
All that adds up to a more quickly depleted water supply and higher levels of ozone in the air.
So, if you can find ways to save energy, drive less or use less water, do.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 29.635872
Retrieved Text: FRIDAY, Dec. 6, 2013 (HealthDay News) -- Nebulizers -- devices that transform liquid asthma medications into an easy-to-inhale mist -- aren't providing people with asthma a full dose of medication, according to a small new study.
Researchers found that less than 20 percent of the prescribed medication actually makes it into the lungs.
"Our study demonstrated that the prescribed dose bears little resemblance to the proportion of the drug children actually inhaled, and that [the amount they inhaled] was largely dependent on the formulation of the drug," said Dr. Ahmad Kantar, head of the pediatric unit at the Institute Hospital Bergamo in Ponte San Pietro, Italy.
The study results were published online recently in the journal Respirology.
Although used less commonly than metered dose inhalers, nebulizers often are relied on in emergency situations and for younger children who may have a difficult time properly using a metered dose inhaler.
One potential problem with nebulizers, Kantar said, is that the machines and the medications are manufactured separately. With a metered dose inhaler, the delivery system is designed specifically for one medication. But a nebulizer has to be effective for different formulations of drugs, and that might lead to a difference in the amount of medication delivered, Kantar and his colleagues said.
The researchers enrolled 10 children to participate in a study to assess the amount of medication that's actually delivered. The children were an average of 9 years old, and all of them had well-controlled asthma.
The children inhaled each of three different corticosteroid medications. Corticosteroid medications are used to help prevent the inflammation

########
Rank: 25
Score: 29.608606
Retrieved Text: Whenever we talk of air pollution, suspended particulate matter or PM as it is commonly referred to, is generally taken as representative of the level of pollution. In all there are eight air quality parameters, which are taken into consideration when the Air Quality Index (AQI) is calculated: Suspended particulate matter (PM2.5 and PM10), sulfur dioxide (SO2), ozone (O3), nitrogen oxides (NO2), carbon monoxide (CO), ammonia (NH3) and lead (Pb).
Particulate matter consists of a complex mixture of solid and liquid particles of organic and inorganic substances suspended in the air. It is mainly made up of sulfates, nitrates, ammonia, sodium chloride, black carbon, mineral dust and water and allergens (fragments of pollen or mold spores).
When outdoor levels of particulate matter are high, their levels also increase indoors.
Depending on the size, there are three types of particulate matter: PM 10, PM 2.5 PM and PM 0.1.
PM 10 are particles with a diameter of 10 microns or less (coarse particles). Sources include crushing or grinding operations and dust stirred up by vehicles on roads.
PM 2.5 are particles with a diameter of 2.5 microns or less (fine particles).
PM 0.1 are particles with a diameter of 0.1 microns or less (ultra-fine particles).
The sources of fine and ultra-fine particles include motor vehicles, power plants, biomass burning, agricultural burning, and industrial emissions. They remain suspended in the air for longer periods of time than coarse particles and hence, are more likely to be inhaled.
The size of the particles has a direct association with their effect on health. PM 10 particles can penetrate

########
Rank: 26
Score: 29.495636
Retrieved Text: Shotcrete machine is a kind of spraying machine like mortar spraying machine which works by using compressed air to continuously transport concrete along the shotcrete machine hose and spray it to the construction surface by a shotcrete nozzle. You can find wet shotcrete machine and dry mix shotcrete here in YUGONG. Shotcrete machine is well received by market because its high efficiency, low coast, easy operation, and wide application. You can use the concrete shotcrete machine in tunnel, mining, retaining wall, underground project, and some other preventive construction projects. We can assure you the quality of our concrete shotcrete machine because many machinery including shotcrete machine has been exported to many countries like Norway, Bolivia, Russia, Australia, USA, UK, South Africa, Honduras, Ghana, etc.
The wet shotcrete machine is anchor spraying support machine with good performance such as decreasing dust, reducing rebound, and saving material. Wet mix shotcrete is a kind of small construction machinery which uses compressed air and mixes the material in a certain proportion. The the material is transported by the shotcrete hose and sprayed onto the surface of the subject at a high speed. There will from a protective layer after the spraying.
1. The wet shotcrete machine greatly reduces the density of dust around the machine and the shotcrete nozzle, which can do less harm to workers’ health.
2. Much higher efficiency than manual work.
3. Low rebound rate. When using dry mix shotcrete, the rebound rate ups to 15%-50%, but the wet shotcrete machine can reduce the rebound rate to under 10%.
4. There is

########
Rank: 27
Score: 29.486437
Retrieved Text: Take notes and try to apply these in your next dive if you are complaining about your air usage. Read and understand each of these topics. Your air usage will never be like before.
A scuba diver should be using his/her BCD well. Scuba divers use air for breathing and also for their BCD. If you inflate your BCD much more than you need, you’ll start to ascend fast and deflate it. And if you deflate your BCD more than you need, you’ll start to fall like a stone underwater and re-inflate your BCD. This will go on like this, resulting air consumption.
In almost every diving system, there is a diving course for this topic. In PADI, it is called Peak Performance Buoyancy, in SSI it is Perfect Buoyancy. Consult to your dive center/resort and instructor for taking one of these courses that will hep you using less air while diving.
Burn some fat and get in shape. This won’t only make you look good, but also use less air.
If you are fit, your body is streamlined and you are hydrodynamic. Second, by having the condition, a fit diver will not get tired quickly. Think about a current underwater. We all face with currents. A fit diver will not get affacted that much compared to an un-fit diver. Thus, fit diver will use less air.
You should party less on the night before your dives. I know that saying “just go to sleep at 09:00 pm on a dive night” is impossible of people like us. We like to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 29.463646
Retrieved Text: What Is Peak Expiratory Flow?
Peak expiratory flow, or PEF, is the amount of air you can quickly expel from your lungs. Used to measure lung function in people with asthma, PEF can be tested at home by blowing out as hard and as quickly as you can into a device known as a peak flow meter.
Physicians may also measure the amount of air you can expel from your lungs as part of an asthma diagnosis or checkup. Doctors gauge this using spirometry, which involves exhaling as much air as you can, as fast as you can, into a tube attached to a device called a spirometer. This results in a more specific measure known as FEV subscript1, or forced expiratory volume in one second.
Because asthma is a respiratory condition in which the airways in the lungs are narrowed and inflamed, being able to expel more airmeaning that lung tissue is less swollen and inflamedis better than expelling less air, which can indicate that lungs are inflamed due to asthma.
Answers: Are You an Asthma Expert?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.408348
Retrieved Text: Either a slow draining tub or completely clogged drain eventually happens to everybody.
Clogged tub drains usually develop slowly enough to the point where you are asking yourself, “Is my tub not draining right?” Until one day it becomes obvious that your tub drain is not holding up it’s end of the bargain.
How Do I Unclog A tub?
If your tub gets clogged frequently it may be a good idea for you to try a few things that can help prevent it. Install strainers over the drains. They will catch hair and soap chips that can be discarded in a garbage, keeping the amount of materials that go down the drain to a minimum. If it’s past the point of prevention and you already have a clogged tub, the first step would be to remove as much hair and grime as possible from the top of the drain. With normal use of the tub this will often take care of it.
Before you use drain chemicals be sure to read the directions and follow the safety instructions. They can be harmful to humans and pets and some drain pipe materials. They are basically an chemical intended to eat the clog. In our opinion the risk vs reward is not worth using them. Besides exposing yourself to toxic chemicals, they generally do not work well. The drain cleaning chemical needs to be applied directly to the clog to have their greatest affect. This is difficult to do if your tub does not drain. Pouring chemicals on top of standing water

================



======= Instance Index 14 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Networks of trees start forming
- The trees die off
- The dead material provides nutrients for more trees
- The rising trees provide shelter
- And more organisms begin to thrive
- The ecosystem known as a forest is made.

Question:
suppose there is more acid rain happens, how will it affect MORE forest formation.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.354057
Retrieved Text: Most precipitation has a pH level Just below 7 (neutral), making it slightly acidic. This is natural precipitation acidity resulting from contact of water with carbon dioxide in the air. "Acid Rain" is the term for precipitation with a pH less than 5.6. Our industrial society has significantly increased the amount of acid forming materials in the atmosphere. In particular, fine sulfur particles from coal-fired power plants, and nitric oxide and nitric dioxide from gasoline engines and power plants are a source for these potentially harmful emissions. Once in the atmosphere they can oxidize to form sulfuric acid and nitric acid, which becomes incorporated in the atmosphere’s moisture, then eventually returns to Earth’s surface as acid rain or as dry fall-out.
Can Acid Rain Affect Ground Water Quality?
Ground water is replenished almost entirely by rain and snow. Will the ground water become acidic if the precipitation is acidic? Fortunately, most acid rain is neutralized (buffered) by soil and rocks so ground water is protected from the impact of acid rain. However, in cases where the soils and rocks are unable to neutralize all of the acidity of the precipitation, the ground water could become more acidic over time. Where ponds and streams contain decaying vegetation or receive water from wetlands, the water may have a natural acidity related to organic causes.
The type of minerals in the rocks and soil help determine how well acidity in precipitation may be neutralized. Rocks with high amounts of calcium such as limestone and dolomite are very effective in reducing the acidity

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.814108
Retrieved Text: Ideological obstacles to scientific advice in politics?
The case of "forest rain" from "acid rain"
Sound advice for political decision-making is a main task of science in a modern society. However, there are indications of growing difficulties. Two kinds of sources naturally come to mind. On the one hand there are what we can call objective changes in the human situation having to do with the startling growth in human knowledge and technological power during the last few centuries. On the other hand there are what can be called subjective or ideological factors, namely how we look upon the human condition and in particular the nature of science and its social role. Conflicting views of science with different implications for its management and use are presently competing for attention and support, and these competitions or “wars” are not without practical consequences.
Objectively we are facing graver and more unexpected consequences of the effects of human activity on natural systems. This magnifies the problems of decisions based on partial and uncertain knowledge. There are also radical objective changes in the social conditions of science. The growth of knowledge, of the number of scientists and of specialization has reduced cross-disciplinary criticism and debate within science and at the same time increased the distance between advanced scientific knowledge and the general public. Together the alienation of the general public and the fragmentation of science are threatening to undermine the external criticism that is essential for an effective liberal democratic communication between science and politics.
This paper focuses on the subjective aspects of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.76479
Retrieved Text: Additional Case Studies: Materials Contributed by Teachers main content.
Here you will find additional lesson plans and data analysis activities, which apply the Ecology Disrupted pedagogical strategy—using the environmental impacts of everyday human behavior to illuminate ecological principles.
This section contains data analysis worksheets created by teachers. Use them as data analysis assessments or to illustrate ecological functions.
How does a renewable energy source like hydroelectricity unintentionally lead to massive fish die-offs?
The Klamath River is an important river for fish migration. Each year millions of fish swim upstream to spawn in the river's freshwater regions. The river is also home to many hydroelectric power plants. In 2002, a massive fish die-off occurred, killing tens of thousands of Chinook salmon. Scientists analyzed water temperature, water flow and fish run size to determine the cause of this die-off. Students will analyze the same data to generate an understanding of the important and sometimes controversial role renewable energies play in disrupting an important component of the water cycle, the return of water from rivers to the oceans.
How does human-caused habitat loss unintentionally lead to human health threats by reducing community biodiversity?
Hantavirus is a rodent borne disease of the heart and lungs that is very deadly when passed onto people. Since some rodent species are more efficient carriers of the virus, scientists thought that the reduced biodiversity brought on by forest loss may increase the prevalence of the disease. To test this hypothesis, scientists compared the prevalence of hantavirus in rodents in forest plots that they manipulated to have few rodent species (experimental)

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.76118
Retrieved Text: Whether the emission of harmful gasses is natural or not, the creation of acid deposition is terrible for the environment. While we cannot control volcanic eruptions, we can control our emissions into the atmosphere by innovations such as the coal scrubber. More progress must be made so that there is no further damage to ecosystems around the world.
This is a very interesting and informative post. I was only aware of acid rain, or “wet deposition,” and I knew it harmed the environment somehow (based on the name), but I had no idea how or what a major impact it actually has. I also had no idea there was a second type of dry acid deposition, so I appreciate your explanation. I think it was important how you mentioned the affect acid rain has on the marine ecosystem, and explained how even organisms that may seem small and unimportant still have a major affect in the trophic system. Also, I was unaware of the effect acid deposition had on humans. This is just another example of how when humans impact or harm the environment, it can come back and harm us and many other organisms on Earth, I am glad that that we are beginning to try and reverse these affects of acid deposition with new inventions such as the coal scrubbers, and I hope with the technology and advances in science we have today, we can come up with more effective solutions to this serious problem!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.310593
Retrieved Text: Ecologist Lindsey Rustad sculpts ice forests. She's not a sculptor by trade, but in her latest ecology experiment, her team sprayed water over a portion of forest during the coldest part of the night. Within hours, the water froze to the branches, simulating an ice storm.
Rustad, a scientist with USDA Forest Service, is concerned about evidence suggesting climate change will bring severe ice storms more often. Rustad wants to know how this will affect forest health.
"I'm a master forest manipulator, but this experiment, without a doubt, was the most difficult," says Rustad.
Rustad has been manipulating forest for decades, testing the effects of climate change in a controlled setting. She's acidified forests and created other chemical disturbances to gauge how resilient forests are to change. But although scientists have studied the impacts of forest fires and acid rain, no one's looked closely at the impacts of ice storms.
"If you live in a place like Maine or New Hampshire, you see these events almost annually," says Rustad. "And every five to ten years we have big ones."
Ice storms can wreak havoc on communities. Frozen limbs, dragged down by the weight of the ice, can snap off and fall on cars, homes, and power lines. But scientists aren't sure how ice storms affect long-term forest health.
"It's not easy to study ice storms because they're difficult to predict," explains Rustad. "We didn't want to become storm chasers, so we decided to make our own."
Rustad partnered with scientists from throughout New England and conducted the experiment at the 8,000-acre USDA Forest

########
Rank: 5
Score: 31.03376
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Hello Earth / Acid Rain: What Caused It And What It May Cause?
Among those pollution-caused natural threads, acid rain is the most visible one. Acid rain is like normal rain but more acidic due to the presence of certain pollutants in the air as a result of vehicles emission gas and industrial process.
Acid rain happens when abundant level of pollutants which mostly contain Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) and Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) are infusing with the water vapor in the atmosphere.
When those gasses react with the water molecules and oxygen, acidic chemical compounds such as sulfuric and nitric acid are formed. The reaction itself results in acid rain.
Acid rain is considered dangerous because of its acidic nature that makes it corrosive to things that it pours on. Thus, results in dying plants and animals and decaying man-made architectures. there are several other effects that it may bring that will be explained later.
In common, there are two things that cause acid rain. The first one is natural causes, which includes volcanic activity. The volcanic emissions from volcanoes is major causal of this rain.
Volcanoes emits acid producing gases to create higher than normal amounts of acid rain of other kind of precipitation such as fog or snow that may affect vegetation and population in its surrounding.
Biological processes that includes decaying vegetation and wildfires may emit dimethyl sulfide. This gas is major contributor in the building up of sulfur containing elements in the atmosphere.
Lightning strikers also has natural ability to form some kind of nitric oxides

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.835497
Retrieved Text: Forest damage from the ice storm was widespread in Maine, New Hampshire, New Brunswick and Quebec.
As everyone knows, trees were decimated throughout the area affected by the storm, losing branches and major limbs or falling down completely. Thousands of shade and ornamental trees in yards and along our streets were lost, some sugarbushes were completely destroyed and our forests may not be the same again for decades. Here in Washington County where I live, one can look out from hilltops and see many large swaths of Larch and Aspen where virtually every tree has lost its top. As one drives through the landscape, the fresh scars of missing limbs are visible on trees everywhere one looks. In the vicinity of Augusta and areas to the east the damage was even worse, with large sections where virtually every tree seems to have suffered major damage. However, this massive damage to our trees cannot simply be blamed on the ice. Other far more insidious factors contributed considerably to the disaster. Naturally, heavy ice is always going to bring down some trees and limbs, but previous damage and stress to our trees and forests from air pollution made things much, much worse than they would have been otherwise. Not coincidentally, the species of trees most badly damaged by the weight of the ice - Maples, Ash, Birches and Aspens - are among the species of trees that were exhibiting the worst air pollution damage long before the storm struck.
A willow badly damaged by the ice storm. Photo by Paul

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.313322
Retrieved Text: Efforts to clean up an abandoned mine turned into an environmental disaster when polluted water accidentally spilled into a local waterway. With Science Buddies Project Ideas, students can safely make real-world connections to how heavy metals and other pollutants affect aquatic life.
On August 5, 2015, Colorado's Animas River turned orange. The water flowed past towns and agricultural land, travelling more than 100 miles to Farmington, New Mexico, where it poured into the San Juan River. The color change was caused by the accidental release of 3 million gallons of polluted water from an abandoned gold mine near Silverton, Colorado.
Authorities immediately warned people to stay out of the water and to stop using it to irrigate farmland. Meanwhile, scientists rushed to discover exactly what was in the water, so they would know how dangerous it was to people and animals.
Analysis confirmed that the polluted water contained high levels of heavy metals, such as copper, iron, and zinc. Heavy metals are naturally occurring elements, many of which humans need in small quantities in their diets to be healthy. However, higher concentrations of heavy metals may be poisonous to us, as well as to plants and other animals.
The Animas River flowing orange was the result of an extreme problem. Unfortunately, waterways can become polluted even without a major wastewater spill. For example, runoff of chemicals from city streets and cultivated fields can negatively affect the quality of rivers, streams, lakes, and ponds. What happens to aquatic plants and animals when their water is contaminated with chemicals? This is a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.640528
Retrieved Text: Have you ever, as a kid, tried to catch a rain drop or snowflake, only to be scolded at: "That could be acid rain!"
Experts claim that all rain is actually acidic since the precipitation binds with carbon dioxide. But, the term 'acid rain' was coined from certain air pollutants merging. Sulfur dioxide combining with nitrogen oxides and react to the oxygen in the air is what makes sulfuric acid, which causes the acid precipitation- rain, snow or fog. Sulfur dioxide comes from industrial smelters and coal burning plants. Nitrogen oxides come from car exhaust systems and can even be created by lightning.
It was found that while acidic precipitation does not affect human health directly; some particle matter associated with it has shown adverse health effects, particularly among those with respiratory disorders. There is also concern surrounding the idea that that acid rain could draw mercury from the ground, which could then be carried by runoff into bodies of water. Despite these findings however, a ten year study on acid rain revealed the effects are not as damaging as first thought, causing mainly aesthetic damage to buildings, changing the chemical balance of lakes and streams and also affecting some fish species. These are all reasons for concern, for example, we do not want monuments and other outdoor sites to be destroyed. Paint, iron, zinc and steel structures are most likely to be affected. However, at least we know as humans we should not be scared as we once were.
The Clean Air Act of 1990 has made positive

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.519207
Retrieved Text: How is Acid Rain Formed?
In 1963, the Hubbard Brook Ecosystem Study in the White Mountains of New Hampshire discovered that the acidity of the Earth’s rain water had increased by as much as 100 times more than the acidity levels in their past observations. This discovery led to further analyses that the gas vapors coming from natural water evaporation at surface level was not the only source of acid gases that rose to the Earth’s atmosphere. Although the precipitation or the transformation of water vapors into rain water already contained a significant increase in acidity, it was not enough to account for the hundred fold increase of the acid level.
Further studies revealed that most of the Earth’s atmospheric depositions of acidified gases came from emissions of fuel combustion that contained strong acids primarily sulfur or nitrogen. They were traced as by-products of combustions from fossil fuel power plants, land, air and water vehicular transports and factory smoke stacks. The basic explanation arrived at was that combustion of fossil fuels from these sources released great amounts of acid forming sulfur oxides and nitrogen in the atmosphere.
It was found that water vapor that rose to the atmosphere as part of the natural water cycle, merged with the strong acidic gases that emanated from human activities. Both water vapor and strong acidic depositions precipitates and falls back to the ground as acid rain. Once on the ground the, acid rain water run-offs will be deposited back to surface water. This then contributed to the increased level of acidity in

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.405273
Retrieved Text: a)When it is considered that rain is acid?
= The pH scale measures how acidic an object is, when pH is lower than 7 rain is considered acid.
b)Which are the compounds that in contact with water origin acid rain? = Compounds like sulfur sulphuric and nitric acids.
c)Which are the principal causes of these compounds?
= The extra acidity in rain comes from the reaction of primary air pollutants, primarily sulphur oxides and nitrogen oxides, with water in the air to form strong acids. The main sources of these pollutants are industrial power-generating plants and vehicles. This means that this pollutants cause extra damage to Earth’s surface.
d)What effects does this cause over the planet?
•The most obvious environmental effect of acid rain has been the loss of fish in acid sensitive lakes and streams. •Acid deposition may influence forest vegetation and soils. •Acid rain weakens the trees’ natural defenses, making them more vulnerable to diseases. •Acid rain may remove soil nutrients such as calcium and magnesium from soils in high elevation forests, etc.
and other substances to form mild solutions of sulfuric and nitric acid. Winds may spread these acidic solutions across the atmosphere and over hundreds of miles. When acid rain reaches Earth, it flows across the surface in runoff water, enters water systems, and sinks into the soil. Acid rain has many ecological effects, but none is greater than its impact on lakes, streams, wetlands, and other aquatic environments. Acid rain makes waters acidic and causes them to absorb the aluminum that makes its way from soil into lakes

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.131702
Retrieved Text: To promote and enhance public involvement in, and public awareness of, land and natural resource management and issues affecting the quality of the environment within the Priest River drainage.
To assist and support interested persons and members with the public input process concerning the lands and resources.
To monitor, analyze, evaluate and comment upon public and private land managment policies and activities and other events affecting the quality of the environment, and to inform members and interested persons of the same.
To cooperate with the public, scientific community, and local, state and federal agencies in the collection of data and information regarding land and natural resources and to promote the inclusion of such information into land and resource management plans and activities; to cooperate with such other nonprofit organizations as the Board of Directors may agree upon and to collect and distribute information to such organizations.
To participate in the administrative process of any agency or entity in the furtherance of land and natural resource management.
To preserve, protect, restore and enhance the natural and environmental integrity of the Priest River drainage in a manner that not only protects the existing natural resource-based economy, but also promote sound economic growth.
A coalition of organizations including CANNS, Responsible Growth North East Washington, the Kalispel Tribe of Indians, private citizens and other organizations have previously described the potential negative health and economic impact of this smelter. These include air pollution, odor, acid rain, increased truck and train traffic, and decreased property values in homes located near and down wind of the smelter.
We are compelled

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.963978
Retrieved Text: When Libethra was now a city of ruin, the Macedonians in Dium, according to my friend of Larisa, carried the bones of Orpheus to their own country.
I would not have made it alone. In the end, nobody shows up for his funeral, except for a few people, and he remains alone. At that..
Summer vacations are full of high summer heat however happiest moments for the students. Essay On Home Sweet Home essay on home sweet home. On the last..
Acid Rain.". My prediction was correct and bags with strong and weak acid did affect the crops growth compared to the bag with the pot containing the water sample. Each bag will contain 2 plants (one wheat, one barley) three universal indicator strips, one measurement of acid, one piece of cotton wool and a small pot/tub. Extracts from this document.
According to the Office of, air Quality Planning and Standards, acid air pollution can be linked to breathing and lung problems in children, asthmatics and even healthy people. Abstract: A demonstration showing acid rain and lake acidification is described. In this demonstration, SO 2 gas is generated in a large graduated cylinder and then dissolved in water droplets from a simple spray bottle. Dale Jacques Science Investigation. Acid rain, investigation The aim of this investigation is to find out what effect acid rain has on crop growth.
In acid-sensitive landscapes, acid deposition can reduce the pH of surface waters and lower biodiversity. Acid rain contributes to the corrosion of surfaces exposed to air pollution and is responsible for the deterioration

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.944876
Retrieved Text: Heat and humidity drain the fluids from our bodies even during light exercise. Because of the heat, we tend to drink more than usual. Most people tend to choose carbonated drinks or “rehydrating” products to quench their thirst. These choices are causing a major increase in decay for children, adolescents, and adults.
Sipping on any kind of drink that contains carbonation exposes the teeth to acid every time you sip a drink during the day. This is devastating to your teeth.
Please consider the following points to help benefit your overall dental health. You will be surprised at the number of foods that contribute to acid formation in your mouth.
Relax, have fun, and enjoy your summer. And, my advice is to only drink water between meals.
Acids found in food and liquids can have a harmful affect on your teeth. Each tooth has a hard protective layer called the enamel. When acids come in contact with the enamel, the acids can make it soft. When this happens repeatedly, your enamel can wear away and can never be restored naturally.
The chance of getting cavities increases for those whose teeth are regularly exposed to food with high acid contents. It is impossible to make a complete list, as acidic foods are found everywhere, but following are some of the more common acidic food and beverages beer, beef, soft drinks, coffee, fish, lamb, pasta, white flour, pork and white bread. Even grazing on fruits and vegetables slowly throughout the day can expose your teeth to acid damage.
Bacteria in your mouth, which feed

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.816017
Retrieved Text: HAWAII’s WATER CATCHMENT SYSTEMS: DRINKING WATER AFTER KILAUEA’S ERUPTION..
Is it really safe to drink? Yes, If you take the correct measures to insure your water is filtered correctly.
How to use your water catchment systems water for drinking after the volcano erupts.
First Step: Buy a good water filtration system. Make sure the filters can remove heavy metals.
Because many questions have come up lately about the pH (a measure of acidity or alkalinity) in our catchment systems, we want to give you more detail on how acid rain can affect you through catchment water.
The pH scale measures how acidic or basic something is. This logarithmic scale goes from 0-14. Numbers below 7 are considered acidic and above 7 are basic. Seven is neutral. Rain usually has a pH in the mid to high 5’s. Less than 5.6 is considered “acid rain.” On the mainland, acid rain is usually associated with pollution from burning fossil fuels that release excessive nitrogen oxides into the atmosphere. In Hawai`i, the biggest cause of acid rain is from our volcanoes, which release sulfur dioxides and trioxides into the air. These oxides, in a series of reactions in the atmosphere, combine with water molecules and form dilute acids which return to earth as acid rain. Usually Hawai`i’s acid rain contains sulfuric acid where other types of air pollution can create nitric acid.
Why does acid rain matter?
Normally rocks, soil and vegetation act as buffers and neutralize the acid. If the pH is really low, it can damage delicate vegetation and cause ecological damage. In rainwater

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.693258
Retrieved Text: Urolithiasis is an abnormal condition in which urinary calculi (urinary stones) forms anywhere in the urinary system. The calculi so formed consist of formation of kidney stones (nephrolithiasis), formation of stones within uterus (ureterolithiasis) and formation of bladder stones (cystolithiasis). These stones develop because of decreased volume of urine or increased excretion of stone-forming components like oxalate, urate, phosphate, calcium, xanthine and cystine. The size of stones vary from patients to patients, it can range from tiny staghorn stones to the size of renal pelvis.
In Urolithiasis, urinary stones are primarily classified either by location or chemical composition like uric acid, struvite, calcium-containing and other similar compounds.
Patients suffering from this disorder experience severe pain which happens suddenly. Pain is intermittent and does not improve, even after changes in position. The pain exudes from the back, goes down the flank into the groin.
Men excrete more calcium and less citrate, which increases their risk to this disease.
The most common symptoms are vomiting and nausea. Ureteral or renal colic, blood in urine, infection in urinary tract and abdominal pain are some other symptoms.
After treatment, most of the urinary stones pass within 48 hours while some might not. There are various factors that affect the ability to pass out stones from the urinary system like size of the patient, prior stone passage, pregnancy, prostate enlargement and the size of the stone.
In case urinary stones don’t pass, a urology specialist is required for implementing certain procedures.
Individuals from African, Israeli and North American background are more likely to get affected by Urolithiasis.
Certain regions

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.509531
Retrieved Text: This lab was updated on June 1st 2015 this document is downloadable immediately after purchase and contains all of the answers to the whole lab.
Would you expect endangered species to be more frequently generalists or specialists? Explain your answer.
How does temperature affect water availability in an ecosystem?
Choose a species and describe some adaptations that species developed that allow them to survive in their native habitat.
Compare and construct a line graph based on the data from Table 1 in the space below. Place the day on the x axis, and the number of seeds germinated on the y axis. Be sure to include a title, label the x and y axes, and provide a legend describing which line corresponds to each plate (e.g., blue = acetic acid, green = sodium bicarbonate, etc…).
Was there any noticeable effect on the germination rate of the radish seeds as a result of the pH? Compare and contrast the growth rate for the control with the alkaline and acidic solutions.
According to your results would you say that the radish has a broad pH tolerance? Why or why not? Use your data to support your answer.
Knowing that acid rain has a pH of 2 – 3 would you conclude that crop species with a narrow soil pH range are in trouble? Explain why, or why not, using scientific reasoning. Is acid rain a problem for plant species and crops?
Research and briefly describe a real world example about how acid rain affect plants. Be sure to demonstrate how pH contributes to the outcome, and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.392935
Retrieved Text: Beer can come in many forms: carbonated, nitrogenated, or both. Because the beer is injected with gas, it can give you gas. That means a few beers will likely lead to a few farts.
It’s not just the carbonation that makes beer want to provide some bloating to your digestive tract. The ingredients which can be found in most beers, such as maleic acid and ethanol, also promote gas formation within the digestive tract.
The severity of this gas will also depend on your current health status. Certain conditions can enhance the gaseous effects of drinking beer. That may include acid reflux, stomach irritation or ulcers, a gluten intolerance, or an alcohol intolerance.
What Can Be Done to Stop the Farting?
If you find yourself more than a little gassy after having a couple of beers, there are some steps you can take to limit how much farting happens when you drink.
Look for low-carbonation beers. Although darker, more bitter beers tend to have the lowest carbonation levels, they also tend to provide the lowest gas levels when consumed.
Eat healthy foods with your beer. High-carbohydrate foods and processed foods can be difficult for your digestive tract to handle and that can cause gas. Adding beer into that mix creates even more of it. Avoid these foods whenever you’re drinking a beer for best results.
Drink beer that is thoroughly chilled. Beer that is served at room temperature will have more carbonation in it than beer that is severed very chilled. The gas in the beer is released immediately at room temperature and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.30836
Retrieved Text: The first step you can take to help control acid rain is to understand the problem and its solutions. Now that you have learned about this environmental issue, you can tell others about it. By telling your classmates, parents, and teachers about what you learned on this site, you can help educate them about the problem of acid rain. You CAN make a difference!... 27/11/2018 · Acid rain, which is more accurately called acid deposition, refers to wet and dry atmospheric deposits that contain higher levels of acid than normal, and it can include wet precipitation like rain, snow, and fog, but also dry deposition, such as acidic smoke and dust.
Acid rain refers to a mixture of deposited material, both wet and dry, coming from the atmosphere containing more than normal amounts of nitric and sulfuric acids. Simply put, it means rain that is acidic in nature due to the presence of certain pollutants in the air due to cars and industrial... Acid rain is rain, snow or anything else that falls from the sky with a PH level that would be considered acidic. When we checked streams and ponds we would look for a PH of 7 which was neutral to 6 which is slightly acidic the ideal is about 6.5 for drinking water. Higher than 7 is alkaline. Vinegar and most of the commercial soft drinks are in the area between 2 and 3.
27/11/2018 · Acid rain, which is more accurately called acid deposition, refers to wet and dry atmospheric deposits that contain higher

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.955637
Retrieved Text: Save Rain in Gardens or Barrels Rain Gardens are more than just pretty places! Rain gardens are an effective way to reduce runoff pollution and control local flooding and erosion by keeping rainwater in your yard and out of the storm drain.
Rain Gardens are more than just pretty places!
Rain gardens are an effective way to reduce runoff pollution and control local flooding and erosion by keeping rainwater in your yard and out of the storm drain.
These gardens recreate a forest meadow or prairie and can collect about 40% more water than conventional lawn.
Location: rain gardens can be placed in a naturally low-lying area of the lawn, or along a road or driveway to catch runoff from paved areas.
Use native flowering plants in your rain garden; once they are established, your garden will need minimal care.
Rain Barrels are an old-fashioned idea that are finding new life in today’s gardens. Did you know that one inch of rainfall on 1000 square feet of roof amounts to 623 gallons of water? At that rate, a 55 gallon rain barrel will fill up pretty fast!
By Team Aisha -Acid rain. by team aisha. first of all, what is acid rain?. acid rain : rain containing acids that form in the atmosphere when industrial gas emissions (especially sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides)combine with purified rain.
Exemple: Ice rain without and with pre-treatment (FS30) -Compare cantone bern luzern. exemple: ice rain without and with pre-treatment (fs30). ice rain. deepest temperature in the climatic domain. the first action was importend.
Rain , Rain , Go Away

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.930868
Retrieved Text: Acid rain is pollution Essay. There are both direct and indirect effects of acid rain. Acid directly interferes with the ability of fish to take in oxygen. Essay on Acid Rain: Definition, Causes, Adverse Effects and. Essay on Acid Rain: Definition, Causes, Adverse. sort of air pollution. Acid rain can. Paints and automobile paints have its life reduce due to the pollution in. of acid rain. Some lakes contain so much acid. acid rain. [tags: essays. The Effects Of Acid Rain Environmental Sciences Essay air which can makes the acid rain pollution The Effects Of Acid Rain Environmental Sciences.
Other Acid Rain Essays century people have ignored the problem of air pollution including air pollution's most dangerous problem, acid rain. Acid Rain essaysAcid Rain is a serious problem with. Saved Essays. Save your essays. Sulfur Dioxide; Sulfuric Acid; Sulfur; Air Pollution; Oxygen; Smog; Sulfur. Acid rain is a common term for pollution caused when sulfur and nitrogen dioxides combine with atmospheric moisture to produce a rain, snow, or hail of sulfuric and. Acid Rain. When thought of acid. As one of the major results of air pollution, acid rain can corrode. Continue for 2 more pages Â» â¢ Join now to read essay.
Acid rain is caused by burning fossil fuels like coal and oil and allowing them to pollute the atmosphere. This form of pollution is so strong that many trees and. Other Acid Rain Essays century people have ignored the problem of air pollution including air pollution's most dangerous problem, acid rain. Acid Rain Essay 3415

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.885025
Retrieved Text: What is alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What are the possible side effects of alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What is the most important information I should know about alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What should I discuss with my health care provider before taking alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
How should I take alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What happens if I miss a dose (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What happens if I overdose (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What should I avoid while taking alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
What other drugs will affect alpha-lipoic acid (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?
Where can I get more information (Alpha Lipoic, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Alpha-Lipoic-Acid-300)?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.863346
Retrieved Text: Hydrocarbons are burned, or combusted, primarily in engines, power plants and heating systems. Known more commonly as fossil fuels, the hydrocarbons humans burn are coal, natural gas and petroleum products. If combustion were 100 percent efficient and all hydrocarbons contained only hydrogen and carbon, the sole byproducts would be water and carbon dioxide. There are unintended waste products, however, and they cause environmental harm. Even carbon dioxide, which is a natural part of the atmosphere, becomes a pollutant when released in excessive amounts. The environmental liabilities associated with hydrocarbons provide incentives for the development of alternative energy sources.
The incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons, especially coal and diesel fuel, causes the release of altered hydrocarbons. These hydrocarbon pollutants, known collectively as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, take a variety of forms. Some are quite toxic, known to harm aquatic life and cause cancer.
Incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons also results in carbon monoxide pollution. An odorless, colorless gas, carbon monoxide causes headaches and complications for people with heart disease. Carbon dioxide is always released when hydrocarbons are burned. It is a leading cause of global climate change and the acidification of oceans. Combustion of oil and coal, in particular, causes the release of nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide. These oxides combine with water and oxygen in the atmosphere, creating nitric and sulfuric acids, which return to Earth's surface as acid deposition, or "acid rain." Acid deposition harms aquatic organisms and kills trees. Because it makes certain nutrients, such as calcium and phosphorus, less available to plants, it reduces the productivity of ecosystems

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.696804
Retrieved Text: Cover Orange is a physics based puzzle game. You are asked to protect oranges from acid rain by manipulating the levels with a given amount of items. Once you have used all these items a cloud will appear and try to destroy your oranges with its acid rain – well, it’s more like acid balls in order to make the physics mechanic work.
One of the games bad points is, strangely, also a good point: Sometimes it depends a bit on luck whether your oranges get hit by some acid rain or make it out alive. It won’t happen often that despite the correct solution you will lose, but it most definitely will. The good side of this: For every time it happens, you will come across another level where, thanks to a bit of luck, you will manage to find a really crazy way to solve the puzzle. So in the end it still feels fair. And at least to me it always feels very rewarding to have ‘tricked’ a game with an alternative solution.
The controls are very slick and simple since you only need to point to the place where you want an item to drop down. The game is also nice to look at with pretty, hand-drawn background images and cute animations. The sound is nothing to write home about, but the sound effects combined with the catchy music definitely get the job done.
Cover Orange comes with loads of levels. And by loads I mean a whooping 160! The crazy thing is there are

########
Rank: 24
Score: 27.68088
Retrieved Text: How To Stop Kidney Stones?
Kidney stones are the typical case for 10 percent of the population. How to stop kidney stones? How kidney stones occur? The small debris excreted in the urine concentrates in the organs and finally clog pathways.
Most of the kidney stones made from calcium phosphate, calcium oxalate, or uric acid. Calcium phosphate and calcium oxalate take over 85 percent of all kidney stones. The rest left for uric acid.
There are reasons why kidney stones form.
Diet rich in calcium triggers the formation of elevation of mineral. Acidic foods such as sugar, alcohol, meat, and fructose may pull calcium from the bone and excrete it through the kidneys. If individuals lack magnesium, its deficiency causes the excess of calcium to gather in the organs.
Oxalic-acid foods such as spinach, chard, rhubarb, raw parsley, tea, coffee, and chocolate trigger the higher as the normal formation of the oxalic acid. Oxalic acid binds to calcium forming insoluble calcium oxalate.
People who drink less of liquids, especially water, are prone to kidney stones. According to Dr. Carolyn Dean, the author of The Magnesium Miracle, individuals must drink the amount of water which is even to the half of weight in ounces.
Soda drinks containing phosphoric acid can prompt the formation of kidney stones. It happens by pulling calcium from bones and depositing it in the kidneys.
Purines from meat, alcohol, and fish can trigger the formation of uric acid in the kidney stones.
Sufficient magnesium can solve all problems associated with kidney stones. Why? The magnesium guards calcium against entering cells when is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 27.453978
Retrieved Text: Gout is a form of arthritis which is caused by the accumulation of uric acid crystals in joints. In this condition, due to a metabolic dysfunction, there is deposition of uric acid in and around the joints causing severe painfulness, swelling and restricted mobility of the affected joint.
The underlying cause of gout is a disturbance in Purine metabolism of the body. Purine is a substance found plenty in the living cells as well as in many food articles. Uric acid is a body waste product, which is produced in the body after the breakdown of Purine. Underexcretion of uric acid through the kidneys and large intestines or excess formation of uric acid due to certain factors (such as alcohol, lack of physical activity, crash diet, meat, etc.) leads to accumulation of excess uric acid in the blood, eventually leading to Gout. The exact cause for the underexcretion remains unknown in many cases, and it is believed to be more genetically determined.
Gout is an intensely painful condition, which mostly affects only one joint (monoarthritis) at a time, most commonly the big toe. However, Gout may also affect elbows, knees, ankles, wrists or small joints of the hands and feet. The classic history in a patient suffering from Gout is of excruciating and sudden pain, swelling, redness, warmth and stiffness of the joint. Low-grade fever may also be present. The skin overlying the joint can also be swollen, tender and sore if it is touched even lightly. Patients with longstanding hyperuricemia (high levels of uric acid in blood)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 27.217775
Retrieved Text: Which industries are causing the most plastic pollution?
Is there any difference between air pollutants and toxic air pollutants?
To what extent are product manufacturers responsible for plastic pollution?
What industries cause maximum pollution?
What is the difference between primary and secondary air pollutants?
How does particulate matter enter the atmosphere?
What is Particulate Matter ?
What are the causes of Acid Rain ?
What is Soil Pollution ?
What is acid rain ?
What is Ocean Pollution ?
How much plastic does a single person consume?
Are there different types of air pollution?
What kind of pollutants are produced by automobiles?
What pollutants affect air quality ?
Can anyone explain what smog is ?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 27.193092
Retrieved Text: Search for Waterfalls. Find Related Results Now!
Search for Waterfalls. Find Answers at InternetCorkboard.com.
Find Waterfalls. Look Up Results on SocialScour.com!
Sustainably sourced, and grown under the canopy of the rain forest. Great gift.
The Amazon is one giant rain forest, so it is not surprising that there are dramatic waterfalls throughout the region, particularly during the wet season. The contrast of cascading water, rocky outcrops and tropical greenery make Amazonian waterfalls a visual treat. Seeing tropical birds and animals in their natural surroundings is an added bonus.
Amazon.com: rainforest waterfall fountain. ... Alpine WIN256 Rain Forest Waterfall LED Lights Floor Fountain, 40-Inch. 4.5 out of 5 stars 12. More Buying Choices $356.00 (12 new offers) Alpine Rainforest Tabletop Fountain with 1-LED light. 3.6 out of 5 stars 9. $146.49 $ 146. 49.
Amazon.com: waterfalls. Skip to main content. ... Alpine Corporation WIN258 Rainforest Waterfall Tree Trunk with LED Lights Floor Fountain, 41-Inch, Gray. 3.9 out of 5 stars 74. $221.99 $ 221. 99 $424.25 $ 424. 25. Get it as soon as Fri, Apr 19. FREE Shipping by Amazon. Falling Water. Closed Caption.
The World's Highest Waterfall, Longest Mountain, Driest Desert and Largest Rain Forest! The Home To the Largest Rainforest of the Earth A land of stunning extremes.
Amazon Rainforest Facts. The Amazon rainforest is at least 55 million years old. In earlier geological periods, part of the South American landmass drained into the Pacific Ocean but the formation of the Andes mountain range effectively dammed this flow resulting in a huge lake or inland sea covering much of the South American

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.10735
Retrieved Text: Acid Reflux Symptoms: Pepto Bismol Vs Mylanta Acid Reflux. Acid reflux blog, Heal your acid reflux today. Acid reflux blog, Heal your acid reflux today. Aug 28, 2008 · There are many different medications out there to treat the symptoms of acid reflux.
Acid Reflux Affect On Ears Ulcer Bismol Symptoms Pepto The pain can find its way up to the chest Dr. Other infections involving the esophagus and duodenum of the small intestine may also affect the stomach like is seen in infectious colitis.
Heartburn Relief. Believe it or not, chewing gum can actually help provide heartburn relief. When you chew gum, it stimulates the production of saliva, which is a natural acid buffer. Plus, when you chew gum you swallow more often, which pushes acids back out of your esophagus.
Acid Reflux Symptoms Pepto Bismol on the other hand, acidic pancreatic cancer. Avoiding, elimination on what they might think is indigestion. Gas formation and treat any health care. Avoiding, elimination on what they might think is indigestion.
I would phone the surgeon’s office and ask about the pepto-bismol. I wouldn’t continue taking it until I had his approval. Also, it takes a while for your stomach to heal post-surgery. I would make sure that you are taking some sort of anti-gas medication that contains simethicone.
November 13, 2009 gerd Acid Reflux, Acid Reflux Pepto, Pepto Bismol admin Acid Reflux Pepto Bismol 5 out of 5 based on 768 ratings. In Ohio, likely-to-lose Republican Campaign Committee, andwere going tobuy back a brand new City golf courses and brought them down

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.072214
Retrieved Text: 73,099. February 2013 creating a sinkhole ... Sinkholes don’t just happen in Florida – they’re occurring all over the world. (Florida & Hole) ibid.
73,100. It is reckoned there are several thousand of these sink-hole-lakes across the State of Florida. (Florida & Hole) ibid.
73,101. That acid [rain] is slowly dissolving the whole state. (Florida & Hole & Rain) ibid.
84,780. Sinkholes are a geologic formation caused by the erosion of bedrock. ibid.
66,913. Tiankeng: there are more here than anywhere else on Earth. (China & Cave & Under Ground & Hole) ibid.
112,995. Florida is the sinkhole capital of the world. ibid.
112,996. When a gypsum cavern collapses it can be sudden and catastrophic. ibid.
113,262. The bayou [Corne] is not supposed to bubble; this was a sign that something was very wrong … In this case mining for salt … This is now the deepest lake in Louisiana. ibid.
113,263. Russia: it grew so large it can be seen from space. ibid.
113,580. The hole will keep swallowing land until it is full. So to stop it getting wider the hole needs to stabalise. And tons and tons of rock is a good way to do it. ibid.

================



======= Instance Index 15 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Mix pancake mix with water
- Heat a griddle
- Pour a circle of batter in the griddle
- When most of the bubbles pop on the surface, flip
- Cook to desired color
- Apply butter, syrup and enjoy
- 

Question:
suppose a person is dead happens, how will it affect the griddle is not heated.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.99088
Retrieved Text: →What Is The Right Griddle Temp For Pancakes? All You Need To Know.
What Is The Right Griddle Temp For Pancakes? All You Need To Know.
A few days back, I and my best friend first time tasted the pancakes of our university's food court. You can't imagine that how tasty and delicious those pancakes were. They were properly placed on the plate, perfectly thin, crispy, golden brown color and with fine edges.
After the above incident, we decided to take out the secret behind cooking such good pancakes. But how will that be possible?
Well! We went to the owner of the food court (Miss Mary) and asked her to share the method of cooking perfect pancakes so that we could also tell our mom about that. Initially, she was not willing to reveal, but when we asked her with our sad and innocent faces, then she started to get ready to share her recipe with us.
According to Miss Marry, the good pancake can only be cooked if you cook with accurate heat, perfect timing and by maintaining the correct temperature of the griddle. She also told us that griddle temp for pancakes varies from model to model.
Thus, it is not necessary that the the temperature which she cooks the pancakes at must be followed by everyone.
In the below article, I am sharing the all relevant information that is important for maintaining the right griddle temp for pancakes. Besides this, I will also discuss some important tips and points which were told by Miss Marry to us regarding the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.882029
Retrieved Text: Fate, destiny,serendipity, whatever you choose to call it, do you believe in it? Do you believe that a cosmic force bigger than we can all imagine controls what happens to us? How much control do we really have over our own destiny? We can control what we do But we cant control what others do. What do you think?
i think we can't control what others do, sometimes we also can't control what we do. Sometime our decisions are not from our own wills. Many things affect what kind of life we want and what kind of person we want to be. Fate or destiny, I suppose, is really exist. But ordinary people can't organize it. To me I think I can't know it. So I ignore it and continue to do what I'm doing. The fate will come out by itself.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 27.170042
Retrieved Text: A341 Genuine Jenn-Air Cooktop Range Electric Griddle Grill Cover A341B Black. Jenn-Air Cooktop Range Electric Grill Cover A341B Add a clean look to electric cooktop with grill cover.
This one-piece cover fits your grill perfectly! Color: Black Dimensions: 20 3/4 " x 11 1/4" approx Inner Dimensions: 19 1/4" x 10 3/4" approx Deep: 3/4 Fits : Jenn-Air Designer Line Ranges and Cooktops A341, A341B How to use: REMOVE cover before heating grill. Since a heated grill cover would not appear hot, this could create accidental burns should it be touched. Heating the grill cover would also damage the finish.
DO NOT place the grill cover over a heated grill. Let the grill cool before putting the cover in place. CLEANING: The grill cover may be easily cleaned with a damp cloth and mild detergent or liquid household cleanser.
Thank you for shopping with us! _gsrx_vers_612 GS 6.9.5 (612). The item "A341 Jenn-Air OEM Electric Cooktop Range Griddle Grill Module Cover A341B" is in sale since Saturday, June 27, 2015. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Major Appliances\Ranges & Cooking Appliances\Parts & Accessories".

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.858217
Retrieved Text: An Electric Griddle is a must have kitchen appliance that you just need to place on your counter top, plug into your power source and off you go. You are ready to prepare a wide range of meals ranging from hot dogs and burgers to eggs and pancakes.
One of the reasons why they are becoming popular is because people have come to realize how easy it is to learn how to use them and depending on the size you buy it is possible to cook large amounts of foods as opposed to using regular pans.
Factors to consider when shopping for an Electric Griddle Shopping for Electric Griddles can at times be tasking and it is important that you consider some factors to get the best out of your griddle. Below are the top 10 best electric griddle reviews we would recommend.
This is the best option for those with large families as it can prepare breakfast for up to 8 people. With nonstick surfaces the griddle is easy to clean. Temperatures option range from warm to 400 degrees and its easy to control temperatures to the levels you want.
The only downside is that the drip tray can only half a cup of liquid which is generally too small.
Comes with a 8-1/2 by 10-1/2 inch nonstick surface requiring less greasing for an healthy meal and made of cast aluminum that allows for an even distribution of temperatures. This griddle is suitable for preparing a meal of two people as you can comfortably cook four fried eggs or a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.647818
Retrieved Text: Preparing everything from grilled cheese sandwiches to omelets with a griddle is a great way to make things quicker, but not every griddle is created the same. To really excel when using a griddle, you want to find something that has nonstick properties and can be heated up without hot spots. Hot spots can cause a lot of grief when you’re trying to cook a large batch of food, so the best griddles shouldn’t have any.
Does this Farberware Nonstick 11-inch Square fit the bill of high-quality? That depends on what your specific needs are!
Farberware is a well-known brand that creates a wide variety of different types of cookware. This nonstick pan is made from durable aluminum which is known for its color and even heating properties. This pan is also coated with Teflon Plus, a nonstick coating which helps prevent any frustrating messes that require clean up.
This product is great for anyone who wants to have the convenience of a griddle without having to fit an oversized pan in their cupboards. While this griddle has a great surface area, it isn’t so large that it cannot be easily stored. It’s also great for anyone who likes easy cleanup.
This pan is not the best choice for anyone who wants to do stovetop-to-oven dishes, as it is only oven safe up to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.
This 11-inch square shaped pan is coated with Teflon Plus and is made of durable aluminum, but it doesn’t come with any other extra accessories.
This pan is made of high-quality aluminum. While it is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 26.260344
Retrieved Text: The perfect way to attract customers and the perfect way to showcase the expertise of hibachi-style cuisine, Nayati’s Teppanyaki comes in two sizes 120 cm and 150 cm width, and also comes with the configuration of Gas or Electric-powered.
With the aim of being the central parts of your Asian restaurant, the TP series offers a spacious cooking surface that heats uniformly up to 250 degrees Celcius. The griddle is made of 20 mm thick ferritic steel that rapidly absorbs and maintains the heat. Independent control for each heated zones further allows the user to extend its versatility. Be it beef, chicken or shrimp, the griddle will rapidly on the main griddle and the left part of the griddle will act as lower temperature zone to prepare a vegetable or warm rice until everything is ready to serve.
The equipment features stainless steel handrail that holds up to 5 pieces of 1/9 GN Pan for your garnishing needs.
Flexibility has never been more important, Nayati Teppanyaki Griddle is detachable and can be mounted as a tabletop appliance, to further suit your work environment.
Cleaning up is not a hassle, thanks to its dedicated gastronorm pan in the cabinet that act as the grease collector, along with the removable plate area.
The Nayati Teppanyaki series is ready to be your daily arsenal that can hold up to any Hibachi style challenge!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.228529
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid and being fascinated by random things I don’t enjoy as much now just because they were new. Even chores like helping someone do the dishes, or running errands all day long seemed to be a chance to experience something exciting and I looked forward to it. But then again, I suppose as a child you can’t afford to not be fully present at every moment. It’s how we learn about the world and our role in it relative to our surroundings. When do we stop being present in the moment? How does this affect our health and well-being? And what can we do about it? i suppose its a gradual process that starts in childhood to some degrees and is experienced more acutely in adulthood.
For some luckily it never happens. But now a days its increasingly common. We spend our days planning for the future, worrying about it, or both. We see things and react to them based on passed experiences and could become unwilling or just not have the awareness necessary to let things go, to start fresh. I guess its just too easy to get so stuck in a set way of seeing things that it blinds us to the perspective of realizing how everything alive is constantly changing and evolving, including ourselves of course.
A wise person once told me that every moment holds the possibility of a New Year. I suppose if that is true, we’re missing out on countless opportunities for New Years through out our lives.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.793055
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.696676
Retrieved Text: Did you ever hear the phrase “it’s that time of year to…”?
Well, for me it’s always that time of year to griddle. Griddle outside or inside, it really doesn’t matter, nothing beats a great griddle and food that’s prepared properly on a griddle is delicious and nourishing.
Outdoor griddles are exceptionally good additions to any barbeque station and in all honesty, a must to have. Now there are two types of outdoor griddles, the portable tops that can be used indoors and outdoors, and the portable propane gas griddles that are designed for outdoor use only.
I recommend both types; I have a solid cast iron griddle top for indoor cooking and a portable outdoor gas griddle that I use for picnics and camping. The indoor griddle top can be used outdoors, placed over a standard barbeque if you don’t want to have too many portable pieces of equipment to carry.
A griddle is a flat piece of metal that is heated up, and you either fry dry or fry with oil or butter on its surface. Basically, a griddle is a large heating platform used to cook a lot of food at one go.
The choice of the griddle is wholly dependent on your needs. Do you like to griddle outdoors at home? Do you want to take one with you when you go camping? Do you want one for the indoors as well? Based on these questions and the frequency you use the griddle, this guide will help you to the budget range you are prepared to reach.
Another

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.554983
Retrieved Text: Best Electric Griddles 2019: Whether you are planning on taking your cooking outside to the backyard or just wish to implement a change from the traditional stove top, an electric griddle can make all the difference in the world. Best Electric Griddles have been around for a long time and are known for the broader cooking surface they provide, thus making them an excellent choice for when you have to cook for a larger crowd.
However, there is more to them than just the quantity that they can churn out. Electric griddles, for instances, have remarkable advantages over stove cooking or traditional griddles heated by fire. So if you are looking to make the transition, then we are happy to tell you that you have come to the right place. Here you will find everything you need to know about buying the best electric griddles 2019, and what this particular kitchen tool has to offer over other types you may be considering.
Do You Really Need An Electric Griddle?
let us get to some of the best electric griddle reviews that you can find online. Just be sure to look at the material before you buy. Most griddles come in stainless steel or non-stick coating, and both work well. Also, make sure that the surface is thick enough and completely free of edges so that you can simply tilt and drain if need be. Now let us take a look at the electric griddles reviews for your kitchen requirements.
The Presto 07211 Liddle Griddle has to figure at the top

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.410267
Retrieved Text: It would not be strange that once read the statement that titles this entry, the reader reacts by thinking of denying such a claim: Thinking that ‘ how could it not depend on me, does my will has no say about my relationships?’ or extrañándose before the estimated implication of ‘and what, then, is another who depends on with whom I interact?’. Both reactions proceed, ultimately, forgetfulness of the plural character, social, of the social relations -and it is that memory that makes it necessarily true the assertion of the title.
The existence, and character, of a social relationship depends on the actions of both actors (let’s assume, for the sake of simplicity, a dual relationship). Which means, then, that does not depend on any of them separately. In fact, it is contradictory to the idea that each person who chooses with whom it relates. If this is so, then the relationship between A and B depends on A. But as the statement is general, so if you only depend on A, then no longer depends on B, and then the sentence is no longer true in relation to B (it is not true that B chooses with whom to relate, given that her relationship with A does not depend on B).
Suppose the case that A and B are in the relationship and decides To break the relationship. But this is simply not just the process. If B is interested in, then you will take action; and those actions in turn produce reactions in A. B can

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.395826
Retrieved Text: Of course, this should be a going concern any time of year, but there’s no point pretending that people don’t get a little more interested in ghosts, hauntings, and general paranormal activity as soon as mid-to-late October rolls around. It’s been drilled into us since childhood (and, I suppose, since the days of the pagans).
And whether you’re more inclined toward active ghost-hunting, quiet fear, or giving the souls of the dead the space and respectful distance they deserve (better safe than sorry), it’s worth knowing where in Brooklyn you’re more or less likely to run into a ghost. Luck favors the prepared, etc. Here are five places in the borough where it’s a little more possibly than usual to encounter a person who happens to be dead. Or, at least, hear a scary noise or two.
Next articleCan You Tell the Difference Between Candy and Meth? The NYPD Needs YOU!
The Brooklyn Inn. Not only is it haunted, it is also rumoured to be attracting both metaphorical and literal ghosts to stop by for a drink.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.087933
Retrieved Text: This Griddle is made from sturdy cast-iron material, promising years of re-use.
Time to switch it up! The Ozark Trail Large Cast Iron Griddle is going to be a lifesaver come breakfast time. This griddle is great for meats, fajitas, bacon, tortillas, vegetables, flat breads, breakfast and more. It will truly shine when the whole family is hungry at once. Tired of cooking on the ribbed side? This griddle is reversible so flip it over for a flat surface. The cooking area of the Ozark Trail Large Cast Iron Griddle is 20&quot; x 9&quot;.
DURABILITY- This Griddle is made from sturdy cast-iron material, promising years of re-use.
DELICIOUS- Pre-seasoning gives your food a unique & hearty flavor that you will come to expect.
DUAL-USE- This griddle gives all the delicious flavor of an outdoor grill, with the option to cook indoors conveniently.
EASY GRIP- Comes with large handles, big enough for potholders, allowing for easy transport.
LET’S GO CAMPING- Great option for campers to use when cooking over an open fire.
Before first use - Hand wash. Dry immediately.
Season your cast iron cookware - Rub with a thin light coat of vegetable oil after every wash.
Your cast iron cookware can be used on induction, ceramic, electric and gas cooktops, in your oven, on the grill, or even over the campfire. Do not use in the microwave.
Note: On glass or ceramic cooktops, lift cookware; never slide it.
Note: Use metal, wood, or hi-temp silicone utensils.
Note: Some foods may stick to new cookware (especially eggs). Use a little extra oil or butter until you’ve built up

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.682901
Retrieved Text: floor refinishers nj vibrant wood floor refinish refinishing cost without sanding products.
how to cover a couch pillow back sofa slipcovers how to make a cushion cover attached pillow back sofa slipcover.
concave cutting board ski magazines mountain home holiday gift guide.
heated shower mirror technical parameters 1 the working voltage 2 input power 3 the average temperature values 8 c 4 the diaphragm heat.
home depot epoxy floor paint home depot garage floor epoxy awesome home depot epoxy on home depot garage floor paint garage.
firewood sling diy firewood sling firewood sling pattern.
28 blackstone griddle related post 28 blackstone griddle reviews 28 inch blackstone griddle reviews.
whole house humidifier menards humidifier whole house solenoid valve small.
grey l couch grey l shaped sofa 3 l shaped sofa furniture direct galaxy l shaped 3 fabric sofa grey l shaped sofa.
how to get ink off leather seats image titled remove ink stains from leather step 4.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.646532
Retrieved Text: a. A scientific study shows that consumption of milk is beneficial for healthy bones.
b. There is an outbreak of mad cow disease.
c. The price of almond milk decreases.
d. In order to promote healthy families, a price ceiling on milk is implemented.
2. Suppose Johnny drinks 4 cups of milk every day no matter what the price. What kind of elasticity does it have?
3. Suppose that when the price of milk increases by 40%, the percentage change in quantity demanded by consumer is reduced by 10%. Calculate the elasticity.
4. Based on your answer to Question 3, What happens to total revenue when the price of milk is increased. Why?
For each event, you must specify how it effects either demand, quantity demanded, supply, or quantity supplied. It is also important to demonstrate how the change will affect the market demand or supply curve. Also, be sure to state any assumption you are making regarding the relationship of the event and milk.
Event: Price of cereal decreases.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.561356
Retrieved Text: American Griddle and great tasting quality eggs, this guide illustrates cooking an egg in less than one minute. Not only are eggs are a great source of proteins, they also supply essential amino acids. The American Griddle Company’s Steam Shell Griddle can cook most types of eggs in less than one minute. With our Steam Shell Lid, eggs retain their flavor and texture better than on traditional griddles. With a continuous source of heat, the Steam Shell Griddle features no hot or cold spots only an even surface temperature.
Cooking with unpredictable temperatures can cause over/under cooking and affect the overall quality of your product. While the surface area of a conventional griddle suffers temperature variation, the Steam Shell Griddle provides consistent results. In our competitive recovery test, we repeatedly loaded ice on to the same area of the griddle. American Griddle’s Steam Shell griddle melted 3 pounds of ice in just 7 minutes, while competitive griddles only managed to melt 1.5 pounds. Against a heavy load of ice, the Steam Shell Griddle continues to hold an accurate and consistent temperature.
American Griddle’s patented steam shell technology has revolutionized the food service industry. The Steam Shell Griddle uses circulating steam to heat the griddle surface. With a consistent and steady source of heat, this means no more hot and cold spots. Food products are able to be cooked under uniform temperatures, creating a better tasting and more consistent experience. The constant, even heat also means no more spikes or extreme drops in temperature. Additional benefits not seen in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.345528
Retrieved Text: I made a recipe that is not gluten free for once. I made these pancakes on ‘BC Family Day’ for my little brother and cousin. I would have made these with gluten-free flour if I had any in the kitchen at the time, but I was completely out! If you do have a allergy like myself, you can try substituting the regular flour with a gluten free version and see how it goes!
This recipe stems off my Classic Fluffy Pancakes only I replace the dairy with plant based products for those that have a dairy allergy. When you do make this batter, you will notice it is extremely goopy. Do not freak out – this is normal!
For some strange reason I really love frozen cranberries with my pancakes… This is a new obsession I have. If you are not crazy-for-cranberries, add some strawberries or blueberries with coconut whip!
In a large bowl, sift the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt together. Mix well.
In the centre of the bowl, make a well and pour the plant milk, egg, and melted coconut oil. Mix until smooth. *Note: this is a very goopy batter!
Lightly oil a medium heated griddle.
Pour approximately 1/3 a cup of batter on the pan per pancake. Wait until bubbles begin to surface and the bottom is golden brown before flipping (about 3-5 minutes).
Once flipped, wait until the pancakes is completely cooked through and golden brown on both sides (another 2-5 minutes).
Repeat this process for all pancakes - making sure you always re-oil the griddle before starting

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.223497
Retrieved Text: Okay, this grilled cheese sandwich is legitimately amazing. You can make it with Brie or with a good triple cream. I told the cheese monger at my local supermarket what I was making and they suggested a brie that didn’t have a super “mushroomy” taste to it and I thought it turned out great.
Do you know what the key to a great grilled cheese is? It’s all in how you cook it! Here’s how I made this.
Begin by turning on your electric griddle to 400 or as high as it will go, leave it alone while it warms up.
In a cast iron skillet, cook your bacon on medium low (level four) on your stove. I like to cook my bacon “low and slow” to avoid burning it and smoking out the house. It also helps control splatter outside of the pan. Cook the bacon to your liking, remove and drain on a plate with a paper towel to remove excess grease from bacon. Turn oven off and sit skillet aside.
Once the bacon is done, turn your attention to your grilled cheese. This is where the magic happens. Begin by taking a small amount of butter from the block and cutting it in half down the middle. You’ll use one dollop for each piece of bread. By now your griddle should be piping out. Add butter, moving it around the griddle with the knife until it’s almost completely melted. Take your Texas Toast and add it to the griddle. Cook your bread until it’s golden on the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.172125
Retrieved Text: I delve into all kinds of odd nooks and crannies when following this obscure interest of ancient galleys. Sometimes I find myself hopping back out again quickly.
One such side-road is Aristotle's Sea Battle Problem.
I ordered ' The sea battle and the master argument : Aristotle and Diodorus Cronus on the metaphysics of the future' by Richard Gaskin, De Wuyter 1995 from the library, on the basis that there may be some interesting background material or naval related material included. Mistake.
The local library performed its usual wonders and I had the book 36 hours later from a library in Jylland.
I open the book and read. I could understand the preface and how it had taken the author 10 years to write it. I could not understand anything else. It was a serious thesis about abstract logical argument originating with Aristotl'es 'Sea Battle Argument'.
Suppose that (i) p is true or p is false and (ii) not-p is true or not-p is false.
Then p is true or not-p is true.
Now suppose that in 1900 one person says that a sea-battle will take place on 1/1/2100, and another says that a sea-battle will not take place on 1/1/2100.
Then either what the first person says is true or what the second person says is true.
But, in that case, either it is necessary in 1900 that a sea-battle takes place on 1/1/2100, or it is necessary in 1900 that one does not take place.
But the date of the predictions is irrelevant, and it is irrelevant whether any prediction is actually made at

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.110601
Retrieved Text: Electric griddles are very handy appliances that save your time and energy. Electric griddles are spectacularly famous for cooking breakfast items like pancakes and eggs. But there are more than just pancakes that you can prepare on electric griddle. Here are 13 scrumptious electric griddle recipes, and no, they are not pancakes or eggs.
Grate potatoes; squeeze between paper towels to remove moisture.
Toss grated potatoes, parsley, chives, salt and pepper in a bowl.
Make patties of the potato mixture.
Cook each side for 5 minutes, until golden brown.
Put the crab in mixing bowl and set aside.
In a small bowl, whisk the egg, mayonnaise, mustard, Old Bay seasoning, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce and salt.
Pour the egg mix over the crab and mix gently until well combined.
Add in the breadcrumbs and parsley and mix them thoroughly but gently.
Cover the mixture with plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1-3 hours.
Shape the crab mixture into cakes about 1-inch thick.
Brush the griddle with the butter and olive oil over medium heat.
When butter begins to froth, add the cakes to the griddle.
Cook both sides for 4-5 minutes, until golden brown.
Serve with lemon wedges and your favorite garnish.
Prepare the filling with any filling ingredients you like. Just make sure your filling is cooked before making quesadillas and keep warm.
Heat your griddle over medium to medium-high.
Melt the butter or oil, just enough to coat the griddle.
Add the tortillas and top them with cheese.
Add the filling over just half the tortillas. Don’t use too much filling; this makes quesadillas easier to fold.
When the cheese starts to melt, quesadillas are

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.06463
Retrieved Text: The Presto Cool Touch Electric Tilt ‘n’ Drain Big Griddle. And it is big. Store on top of the fridge big. It doesn’t fit in any of my cabinets. And I love it!
Now, I do love it. But it’s not perfect. You notice the uneven browning? The heating elements makes a loop on the underside so that the outside of the griddle gets up to temp, but the dead center does not get nearly as high (look at that poor lone paleface in the middle). The solution is obvious: I just don’t put a pancake in the center. And I make sure that the griddle heats up completely between batches of pancakes. Fiddling the temp helps, too. We get a nice crisp crust and…here’s the best part…I can make them faster than they can eat them. I went from cooking 3-4 smallish pancakes on my Circulon to 8 medium to large pancakes. Woohoo!
The non-stick surface is simply awesome and clean up is a breeze. The griddle surface will wipe clean after cooking pancakes. After cooking meat (we did pork chops), just let the griddle cool completely and gently scrape off the charred bits with the edge of a plastic spatula. Finish off with dish soap and water. No elbow grease required. The only drawback is that this monster is so big it does not fit into my super deep double sink…makes it a bit messy to rinse. That and I’m a bit of a spaz when it comes to using the sprayer.
The only thing I would

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.00219
Retrieved Text: There are several electric commercial griddle models available allowing anybody the chance to claim some fame as a short order chef.
A commercial electric grill is larger than the small personal electric griddles available and can accommodate large amounts of food. They are used by food truck owners, school concession stands and for company picnics.
If the griddle is manufactured to commercial standards it should be sturdy, serviceable, and most importantly, safe. Commercial models generally offer higher cooking temperature options that personal models so extra care must be taken with the use of one.
When deciding which electric griddle commercial model to purchase there are a few t﻿﻿h﻿﻿ings that should be considered as you shop.
One important factor to look at is size. How many people will the griddle be used for and how often will it be used? Where will the primary storage place be? Some of the commercial electric griddles are large and require their own place on the counter instead of being stored away when not in use.
Another important factor when selecting a commercial sized electric griddle is the size of the grease trap/dripping tray. If the commercial sized griddle has a dripping tray sized for a personal model the grease could overflow before the cooking job is done.
Some of the commercial electric grill models do not have an on/off switch so the appliance must be unplugged after each use. An indicator light is an important feature to look for so the griddle won't accidentally be left on.
Any steps listed in the instruction manual to prepare the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.937176
Retrieved Text: French Toast is delicious all on it’s own, but it gets even better when you use it to create a sandwich stuffed with Chocmeister Milk Chocolatey Hazelnut spread! In this simple, family-friendly recipe you prepare classic French toast, then smother two slices with Chocmeister! Top with cinnamon sugar, and before you know it you’ve made an outrageously tasty breakfast that everyone will be clamoring for.
1. In a small mixing bowl combine the cinnamon and sugar until mixed. Next, in a baking dish whisk the eggs, skim milk, vanilla, and cinnamon sugar until combined.
2. Pre-heat a flat pan or griddle over medium heat. Once warm, coat with a few teaspoons of butter. Next, dredge two slices of bread in the egg mixture, coating on both sides. Transfer bread to the heated and buttered griddle, then cook for ~2 minutes on either side until golden. Re-grease your griddle with butter in between batches, and repeat until all ingredients have been used.
3. When ready, slather a heaping scoop of Chocmeister onto one slice of bread, spreading it out to the edges. Top with another French toast slice, then sprinkle with additional cinnamon and sugar if you’d like. Slice, then eat!
The post Chocolate Hazelnut French Toast Sandwich appeared first on - Peanut Butter & Co. Recipe Blog.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.902721
Retrieved Text: I wouldn’t classify myself as a shy person. Sure, I like my personal space from time to time, but I don’t find myself uneasy in a crowd. Although lately I have found myself wanting to slip through the cracks in the floor whenever the subject of kissing arises.
It isn’t because the subject of kissing makes me uncomfortable. Instead, it is because of the stigma that seems to attach itself to me whenever the fact that I am on the brink of turning 21 and have not experienced my first kiss comes up.
Now, not everyone I have told this to has acted shocked or freaked out. I have had people tell me, “It’s not a big deal. It’ll happen when it happens.” Although it seems people with this opinion are few and far between.
Most people seem taken aback when I tell them that I haven’t kissed anyone. I’ve seen my fair share of raised eyebrows and not-so-subtle dropped jaws. And no matter how many times this happens, the reaction always seems to surprise me.
The question hot on their lips, all puns aside, is, “Why have you waited so long?” I suppose I could dream up some fantastical answer of why I haven’t experienced my first kiss, but I usually end up mumbling out some combination of “I don’t know” coupled with awkward laughter.
I never seem to be able to get out the real reason when I am asked this question. Maybe it’s because in social situations I feel pressured to have a better answer, or that I

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.674114
Retrieved Text: Griddling isn't just done indoors anymore! Cook Your Meals Outside!
Work at home mom, stepmom, trophy wife, blogger and loving life New England!
Griddling Isn’t Just Done Indoors Anymore!
Spring has finally sprung here in New England and that means that everyone is getting themselves outside as much as possible. Seriously, we only have a few months of warm weather here, so we all have to make the most of it. One of the things that makes me happy in particular once the weather gets nice is cooking out.
Cooking and sharing a meal outside with my family makes my heart happy. But this year we are trying something a little bit different. Griddling outdoors (in addition to grilling of course). Outdoor griddling goes beyond the “same old, same old.” Anything that can be cooked on a typical grill can be cooked on a griddle – along with thousands of other foods.
How do I bring my family together over an outdoor griddle you ask? The answer is my new Blackstone 28” Griddle!
As you can see, it is shipped in a box, so some assembly is required. It took my hubby, Christian, less than 20 minutes to put it together. You will need a propane tank to fire this baby up and one battery for the igniter, neither of which are included. We just pulled the propane tank off of our grill.
You, too, can discover the joys of Griddle Cooking with the Blackstone 28″ Griddle. It’s perfect for cooking for small or large groups, in your backyard or at your favorite

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.637995
Retrieved Text: In simple terms, the NLP Communication Model is about how you make sense of your world and the behaviours that you manifest as a result. In this article, we will focus how you make sense of your world (i.e. filter information).
It is estimated that your brain receives about four billion nerve impulses every second. Are you consciously aware of all of this information? No! For example, are you aware of how your shirt feels on your back? Unless your shirt is particularly tight or uncomfortable or you have a sunburn, I suspect that you were not aware of how your shirt felt until I mentioned it. Why? Because it was not important at the time and it was filtered out. Of the 4 billion bits of information, you are only consciously aware of about 2,000 bits, or about 0.00005 percent of all the potential information. To take in and process more of this information would either drive you crazy or be such a distraction that you could not function.
What happens to all of this other information? It is filtered from your conscious awareness by deleting (i.e how your shirt feels on your back), distorting (i.e. simplifying) or generalizing. What you actually delete, distort and generalize depends on your Beliefs, Language, Decisions, Values, Memories, Meta Programs (more about this topic in a later article), etc. Let us look at a few examples to gain an appreciation of how they work.
Suppose you have a belief that ‘You can’t do anything right’. How would you react when someone approaches

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.588207
Retrieved Text: This fabulous French toast is a loved dish by our guests. It's a great compliment when they ask for the recipe. Love the thought of them replicating their experience when they return home.
Preheat oven to 170 degrees F. Place a oven proof cooling rack on cookie sheet. Lay slices of bread on cooling rack and place in the oven for 3 minutes. Turn slices over and return to oven for another 2 minutes. Bread should be dry but not completely dried out. In large bowl combined eggs, orange juice, liquor, half & half, salt, vanilla, & zest. Whisk together until the eggs are completely incorporated. Pour into 9x13" casserole pan. Set slices of bread in liquid. Allow to set 20 secs on each side. Turn bread over and repeat soak for 20 secs. Remove and place on cookie sheet. Keep chilled if not cooking directly. Heat griddle on medium heat until drops of water dance on heated surface. Coat griddle with cookie spray or butter. Place slices of egg soaked bread on hot griddle. Cook 3 minutes on each side until French toast is firm in center. Keep warm in 170 degree oven until ready to plate and service.
Blend ingredients together . Serve French toast with a dollop of orange cream cheese in between layered slices.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.535217
Retrieved Text: For a quick and easy taco, I fried 1/4 pound of ground beef, breaking it down to small pieces. After it browned I added 1/2 cup of refried beans from a can. I put the remaining refried beans in a plastic container for later. As it heated, I added 1 slice of pepper jack cheese and 2 tbsp of green salsa. When the cheese was nearly melted I put three white corn soft tacos on a plate in the microwave and heated for 15 seconds so they were soft and tender. I put a couple spoonfuls of the mix on each taco, added a thin slice of cheese and cilantro leaves. I used 1 stem of leaves for each taco. The recipe makes 6, so you can either have seconds or make a second meal of it.
The watermelon is cut into chunks. I always cut up my watermelon so I can put it in a sealing bowl because I don’t like the filmy edge watermelon gets if it’s exposed to air for long.
First you want to prep all the veggies. Take 6 baby carrots and slice in half lengthwise and then in half by width. Quarter 6 Brussels sprouts. Dice about 2 TBSP of onion and slice up 3 radishes (Yes, Radishes!!) and one garlic glove. Put a TBSP of olive oil in your saute pan and add the garlic and onions, when softened add carrots and cook for two minutes or so. Add the Brussels Sprouts and stir. Add the radishes and 3 TBSP of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.472805
Retrieved Text: Sieve together dry ingredients in a large rimmed plate.
When dough is like coarse crumbs, add milk a little at a time till a soft pliable dough is formed.
Cover with wet muslin cloth.
Cover with another plate and keep aside for 5 - 6 hours.
Knead dough lightly. Break off a piece, the size of a medium potato.
Roll into a thick triangle, using dry dough if required.
Place on a pre-heated griddle (tawa).
Invert griddle and roast directly over the gas flame.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.463247
Retrieved Text: Use the Blackstone griddle tips to maintain your griddle and keep it running for a long time without the need to get it replaced.
Read on to find out how to season a Blackstone griddle that enables you to make your griddle last for many years.
How to Season a Blackstone Griddle?
Are you looking to buy a Blackstone griddle for cooking but don’t know where to buy it? Don’t worry, here you’ll get to know where to buy a Blackstone griddle.
Where to buy Blackstone Griddle?
You will learn in this post what makes the rust on the Blackstone griddle, how to store and clean the Blackstone griddle after cooking.
How to remove rust from the Blackstone griddle?
The Blackstone griddle is the main product of Blackstone that provides maximum convenience. Let’s find out how to use the Blackstone griddle.
How to use a Blackstone griddle?
There are several ways to clean the grill. Let’s find out how to clean a Blackstone flat top grill effectively.

================



======= Instance Index 16 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Waves hit the coast
- Waves have energy that pushes the water and sediment
- The sediment can help erode land like sandpaper
- Water washes the sediment back
- Some sediment is left as sand.

Question:
suppose a tsunami occurs and creates huge waves happens, how will it affect more sediment is eroded from the land.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.92357
Retrieved Text: Heart urchins, also known as sea potatoes, build their homes along almost every coast. Though they are small, they are ecosystem engineers, digesting organic material along the seafloor and building burrows that other sea creatures call home.
Tsunamis bring destruction. The massive waves can rip homes from beachside perches and wipe coasts clean of life. But tsunamis also bring change in their wake and can influence the lives of creatures large and small.
To investigate the ecological footprint of tsunamis in detail, lead researcher Koji Seike from the Geological Survey of Japan at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology in Japan, looked to one potato-sized creature, the heart urchin, Echinocardium cordatum, and how it was impacted by the 2011 Tohoku tsunami in Japan.
“They look like a small-sized mammal, like a hedgehog or a mouse,” Seike said, who also compared the invertebrates to manjū, a type of Japanese sweet bun.
Seike also refers to heart urchins as “ecosystem engineers” for their influential roles in benthic environments. As bioturbators — mixers of seafloor sediment — they free nutrients once bound in soil and build burrows other creatures can use.
The new study found that because tsunamis leave sandy layers of varying grain sizes in their wake, they can influence the distribution of heart urchin burrows. Burrows made in larger-grained sand deposits tend to collapse, so the urchins were largely restricted to areas where the 2011 Tohoku tsunami deposited fine-grained sand.
By controlling the distribution of coarse and fine-grained sandy deposits, the tsunami influenced where the urchins burrowed and, ultimately, where

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.92667
Retrieved Text: The type of hazard depends on the strength of seismic activity, along with such factors as local topographic and built features, subsurface geology and groundwater. A large earthquake will always be followed by a sequence of aftershocks.
If an earthquake generates a large enough shaking intensity, structures like buildings, bridges and dams can be severley damaged, and cliffs and sloping ground destabilised. Perched or stacked objects may fall and injure or bury anyone close by. In the largest earthquakes whole districts can be devastated by the multiple consequences of ground shaking.
Groundshaking will vary over an area due to such factors as topography, bedrock type, and the location and orientation of the fault rupture. These all affect the way the seismic waves travel through the ground. For an explanation of the exceptional high energy of the Christchurch earthquakes in 2011 have a look at this video.
Tsunamis are long wavelength oceanic waves generated by the sudden displacement of seawater by a shallow earthquake, volcanic eruption or submarine landslide. What is it like to face a tsunami? Watch this video!
A number of waves may be produced and they can travel long distances at high speeds to flood far-off shores. The height of a tsunami varies and may be affected by the sea floor depth and shape, and other factors. New Zealand is susceptible to tsunamis originating from distance sources around the Pacific Ring of Fire as well as from very close to our coastline. Near source tsunamis will allow for very little warning.
Large earthquakes may generate tsunami waves in enclosed

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.984367
Retrieved Text: Over the last fifty years scientists have found in nature enough evidence of a previously unknown natural phenomenon that, although similar to "traditional" Tsunamis, may in fact cause an incomparable level of destruction along the coastlines. Such wave of huge proportions will be probably triggered in the Atlantic Ocean anytime in the next 500 years thus posing a daunting threat for the East Coast of America, North Africa and Europe.
Waves of this type are called Mega Tsunami. They are so great that they can reach several hundred meters in height, travel at the speed of a jet aircraft and get up to 12 miles (20 Kilometers) inland.
A mega-tsunami is an extremely rare and destructive phenomenon that strikes the world every few thousand years. Unfortunately, as seen in the documentary above, there is a concrete possibility that it will occur again in the near future. A mega-tsunami has almost unlimited power to cause utter destruction and there's nothing we can do to stop it. Even the most powerful waves, the tidal waves known to science by their Japanese name Tsunami, cannot create such destruction.
A mega-tsunami is an informal term to describe a tsunami with initial wave amplitude (height) much larger than usual tsunamis. Mega-tsunamis are several tens, hundreds, or possibly thousands of meters high and they are able to cross oceans and ravage countries on the other side of the world.
Generally, a tsunami is caused by an earthquake near the shore or underwater. Normal tsunamis usually originate from offshore earthquakes, submarine landslides and undersea volcanic activity, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.325504
Retrieved Text: Tsunami (pron: 'soo-nar-me') is a Japanese word: 'tsu' meaning harbour and 'nami' meaning wave. Tsunami are waves caused by sudden movement of the ocean surface due to earthquakes, landslides on the sea floor, land slumping into the ocean, large volcanic eruptions or meteorite impact in the ocean.
Until recently, tsunami were called tidal waves, but this term is generally discouraged because tsunami generation has nothing to do with tides (which are driven by the gravity of the Earth, Moon and Sun). Although some tsunami may appear like a rapidly rising or falling tide at the coast, in other situations they can also feature one or more turbulent breaking waves.
How do tsunami differ from regular waves?
A tsunami is different from a wind-generated surface wave on the ocean. While wind-generated waves in deep water only cause water movement near the surface, the passage of a tsunami involves the movement of water from the surface to the seafloor. Interestingly, this causes the speed of a tsunami to be controlled by the water depth, with faster speeds in deeper water, unlike wind-generated waves. Consequently, a tsunami slows as it approaches land and reaches increasingly shallow water, with the distance between successive wave peaks decreasing. Because the total energy within the wave does not change, the energy is transferred to increasing the wave height (or amplitude). This is called wave shoaling.
A tsunami is often a series of waves and the first may not necessarily have the greatest amplitude. In the open ocean, even the largest tsunami are relatively small, with wave heights

########
Rank: 4
Score: 38.679947
Retrieved Text: Do you know what a tsunami is? Tsunami is a japanese word that means "Harbour wave". Tsunamis are big waves that cause destruction. Not only that, it also sweeps out the debris after it comes in which makes it worse. It can kill up to thousands of people every time it happens.
A tsunami is caused by many reasons, but all of them make sudden movement of the ocean floor. Most tsunamis are caused by underwater earthquakes. An underwater earthquake is caused when the tectonic plates of the earth surface slip, making and releasing a massive amount of energy.
The energy carries up to the surface, moving the water and raising it above the normal sea level. But it's not that simple. Gravity then pulls it down so the water will ripple outwards. A tsunami is made from all of this.
The tsunami will gradually slow down and increase height when it approaches land. Once it reaches land, then it will start its destruction. A tsunami goes as far as 16 kilometres in. After it goes in, the water will sweep back out to the ocean/sea, dragging everything that has been caught in its path.
It can kill many people, right? Nobody wants to be killed, right? So we must know how to protect ourselves when a tsunami is coming. The reason the japanese called tsunamis "harbor waves" is because you can only see a tsunami when it is close to the shore. That also make it hard to detect a tsunami quicker.
But before it comes in, the tide will

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.41813
Retrieved Text: Learn about what materials make up sediment and how it travels. Explore sediment deposits from deltas to sand dunes, and learn how sedimentary rock is created.
As any beaver can tell you, dams are rather clever. We build dams across rivers to create reservoirs, which hold water for household and agricultural use. These give us access to water when we need it, and some bigger dams harness the power of water to create electricity.
But what happens when dams are no longer useful? What happens when we remove a large, man-made dam? We often think about the consequences of building dams, but not what happens when you take them away.
The Elwha River in Washington state was a valuable resource for the Native Americans who lived near it for generations, and 87% of it is now a protected part of the Olympic National Park. The Elwha Dam, built in 1913, and the Glines Canyon Dam, built in 1927, were constructed at the beginning of the 20th century to provide power for the growing region.
Over time, both power plants grew increasingly obsolete, and scientists learned more about how the dams negatively impacted the salmon population, who were kept from swimming upstream. In 2011, crews working on behalf of the National Park Service began to remove the Elwha Dam, and in summer 2013, removal of the two dams will be complete.
Part of the Elwha Dam was removed so water could flow freely again after 100 years. Eventually, the entire dam will be taken away and only the river will remain.
One thing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 37.531635
Retrieved Text: Tsunami, you may have probably heard of it on TV news, or perhaps watched a movie on these killer waves. The name “killer wave” for tsunami may seem odd, but it is the meaning of it in the Japanese language.
Tsunamis are a number of giant waves that occur in oceans or large lakes. These waves grow stronger and stronger upon reaching towards shores. Tsunamis are known for their massive destruction, especially the cities near them get most of the destruction.
Tsunamis are the mighty waves that are caused due to sudden displacement of water in oceans or large lakes. So, how water displacement causes a tsunami? To understand this, let’s make a little tsunami in your water tub! For this, when you are in your bathtub, just move forward quickly. You will see a large amount of water will rise high, flooding your floor. The same thing happens during the tsunami, but instead of one wave, you will get a number of waves in the real tsunami.
So, what causes water to displace suddenly in the oceans? Well, the credit goes to some geological activities. These activities are volcanic eruptions, landslides, breaking-off glaciers, and earthquakes. These all activities when cross a certain limit displaces the water so quickly that tsunamis are born.
The geological activity that causes most of the tsunamis is an earthquake. Earthquakes are a sudden movement of a large area of crust – upper layer of earth. As a result, the gaps are made along the way in the crust. When these gaps appear in ocean

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.343586
Retrieved Text: The destruction caused by the Indian Ocean tsunami in December 2004 and Hurricane Katrina in August 2005 stunned observers around the world. These extreme events served as reminders that tsunamis and coastal storms are two of the most dangerous hazards to coastal population centers and economic infrastructures. U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) scientists have been studying geologic impacts from extreme wave events and have recently published a paper that will help researchers distinguish ancient tsunami deposits from large-storm deposits in the geologic recorda capability that is vital for assessing the threat that an area faces from these two hazards.
Both tsunamis and large storms cause death and damage along low-lying coastal areas, and both occur with regularity, although tsunamis are much less frequent than coastal storms. Because of their infrequency, tsunamis are poorly documented in historical records for many of the areas where they pose a threat. In these areas, interpreting the geologic record may be the only way to discover the history of past tsunamis and the likely hazard from future tsunamis. Both tsunamis and large storms, particularly hurricanes, are capable of inundating coastal areas and depositing sandy sediment over broad areas landward of the beach. Correctly identifying a sandy bed in the geologic record as either a tsunami or a storm deposit is critical for determining the frequency of each hazard.
Morton, Gelfenbaum, and Jaffe began their work by examining modern deposits whose originstsunami or large stormare known. The new paper compares deposits from recent tsunamis in Papua New Guinea (1998) and Perú (2001) with deposits from

########
Rank: 8
Score: 36.647076
Retrieved Text: This article is about waves, sometimes called "seismic sea waves," that travel through the ocean. For waves that travel through the Earth itself, see Seismic wave.
A tsunami (plural: tsunamis or tsunami; from Japanese: 津波, lit. "harbour wave"; English pronunciation: /tsuːˈnɑːmi/) , also known as a seismic sea wave, is a series of waves in a water body caused by the displacement of a large volume of water, generally in an ocean or a large lake. Earthquakes, volcanic eruptions and other underwater explosions (including detonations of underwater nuclear devices), landslides, glacier calvings, meteorite impacts and other disturbances above or below water all have the potential to generate a tsunami. Unlike normal ocean waves which are generated by wind, or tides which are generated by the gravitational pull of the Moon and Sun, a tsunami is generated by the displacement of water.
Tsunami waves do not resemble normal undersea currents or sea waves, because their wavelength is far longer. Rather than appearing as a breaking wave, a tsunami may instead initially resemble a rapidly rising tide, and for this reason they are often referred to as tidal waves, although this usage is not favoured by the scientific community because tsunamis are not tidal in nature. Tsunamis generally consist of a series of waves with periods ranging from minutes to hours, arriving in a so-called "internal wave train". Wave heights of tens of metres can be generated by large events. Although the impact of tsunamis is limited to coastal areas, their destructive power can be enormous and they can affect

########
Rank: 9
Score: 36.5205
Retrieved Text: WASHINGTON, DC — New research finds large earthquakes can trigger underwater landslides thousands of miles away, weeks or months after the quake occurs.
Researchers analyzing data from ocean bottom seismometers off the Washington-Oregon coast tied a series of underwater landslides on the Cascadia Subduction Zone, 80 to 161 kilometers (50 to 100 miles) off the Pacific Northwest coast, to a 2012 magnitude-8.6 earthquake in the Indian Ocean – more than 13,500 kilometers (8,390 miles) away. These underwater landslides occurred intermittently for nearly four months after the April earthquake.
Data derived from NaturalEarthData.com, 10m datasets. Projected into NAD83 UTM 9N.
Previous research has shown earthquakes can trigger additional earthquakes on other faults across the globe, but the new study shows earthquakes can also initiate submarine landslides far away from the quake.
The new findings could complicate sediment records used to estimate earthquake risk. If underwater landslides could be triggered by earthquakes far away, not just ones close by, scientists may have to consider whether a local or a distant earthquake generated the deposits before using them to date local events and estimate earthquake risk, according to the study’s authors.
The submarine landslides observed in the study are smaller and more localized than widespread landslides generated by a great earthquake directly on the Cascadia margin itself, but these underwater landslides generated by distant earthquakes may still be capable of generating local tsunamis and damaging underwater communications cables, according to the study authors.
The discovery that the Cascadia landslides were caused by a distant earthquake was an accident, Johnson said.
Scientists had placed ocean bottom seismometers

########
Rank: 10
Score: 36.493675
Retrieved Text: Japanese for "harbor wave", a tsunami, commonly known as a tidal wave, is a series of water waves caused by geological disturbances, usually by an earthquake or an eruption of a volcano. The scale of these events is powerful enough to disrupt the water body and make it move towards land, sometimes even thousands of miles from the geologic event. Fortunately, a tsunami is a type of natural disaster that will not happen to everyone. Tsunami typically affect coastal communities. If you live in an area potentially affected by tsunami, it's a good idea to have a tsunami emergency plan for you and your family. Let Prep And Save help.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 36.447277
Retrieved Text: A tsunami (pronounced sue-nahm-ee) is a series of huge waves that can cause great devastation and loss of life when they strike a coast.
Tsunamis are caused by an underwater earthquake, a volcanic eruption, an sub-marine rockslide, or, more rarely, by an asteroid or meteoroid crashing into in the water from space. Most tsunamis are caused by underwater earthquakes, but not all underwater earthquakes cause tsunamis - an earthquake has to be over about magnitude 6.75 on the Richter scale for it to cause a tsunami. About 90 percent of all tsunamis occur in the Pacific Ocean.
Many tsunamis could be detected before they hit land, and the loss of life could be minimized, with the use of modern technology, including seismographs (which detect earthquakes), computerized offshore buoys that can measure changes in wave height, and a system of sirens on the beach to alert people of potential tsunami danger.
NOTE: If you see the water recede quickly and unexpectedly from a beach (this is called drawback), run toward higher ground or inland -- there may be a tsunami coming. Also, if you are on the coast and there is an earthquake, it may have caused a tsunami, so run toward higher ground or inland. Some beaches have tsunami warning sirens -- do not ignore them. The first wave in a tsunami is often not the largest; if you experience one abnormally-huge wave, go inland quickly -- even bigger waves could be coming soon.
The word tsunami comes from the Japanese word meaning "harbor wave." Tsunamis are sometimes incorrectly called

########
Rank: 12
Score: 36.39303
Retrieved Text: Life in Martin’s Bay, St. John is described by residents as a “luxury”. It boasts of a clear ocean front view, a fresh sea breeze and the sound of waves breaking on the shore. The crystal clear waters contain fish and other sea food fit for consumption by persons from ever persuasion.
It provides the perfect ocean view for homes built along its coast, an enticing backdrop for nearby businesses, and sets the atmosphere to one of relaxation for those just admiring its beauty and mystery.
But, as beautiful as the Martin’s Bay area may appear on the surface, some are quick to point out the lurking danger — heavy sea swells that sometimes threaten the very homes they live in.
“This year, we had strong winds and the swells would move in and suddenly a wave would come,” said retired Hydrologist at the Caribbean Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology, Frank Farnum.
The most recent of the sea swells occurred on January 14 when waves, between 12 and 15 feet, overflowed into the streets soaking those in their path, and causing minor damage to some residences.
Farnum added that the swells caused minor damage to his home located just 20 yards away from the ocean.
These dangers and how people should respond will be the focus when this year’s Caribe Wave 2013 exercise is staged in the area later this month.
Farnum explained that bad sea swells, like the ones experienced last month, were observed every 10 to 15 years.
“They originate from deep low pressure systems coming out of North America,” he said,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.22167
Retrieved Text: Join the New England Ocean Science Education Collaborative (NEOSEC) for two days of engaging workshops, field trips, network building opportunities, and presentations related to Ocean Literacy Principle 2: The ocean and life in the ocean shape the features of Earth. Connect with people from across New England and beyond to discuss advancements in ocean literacy.
Contributed presentations will be on November 16th, 2018.
Have you participated in or conducted research in any of the following areas? Have you taught lessons or designed activities related to the following areas?
Many earth materials and geochemical cycles originate in the ocean. Many of the sedimentary rocks now exposed on land were formed in the ocean. Ocean life laid down the vast volume of siliceous and carbonate rocks.
Sea level changes over time have expanded and contracted continental shelves, created and destroyed inland seas, and shaped the surface of land.
Erosion—the wearing away of rock, soil and other biotic and abiotic earth materials—occurs in coastal areas as wind, waves, and currents in rivers and the ocean move sediments.
Sand consists of tiny bits of animals, plants, rocks and minerals. Most beach sand is eroded from land sources and carried to the coast by rivers, but sand is also eroded from coastal sources by surf. Sand is redistributed by waves and coastal currents seasonally.
Tectonic activity, sea level changes, and force of waves influence the physical structure and landforms of the coast.
Who is invited to present?
Breakout sessions will be shared by two or more presenters to facilitate a cross-sector look at each topic. You may elect to nominate

########
Rank: 14
Score: 35.4902
Retrieved Text: Barnett and MacMurray have built hydraulic models ranging from short stream reaches up to a model of the entire Waikato River. Our river hydraulic models have been used for river capacity assessment and stopbank design, investigating flooding or low flow issues, and estimating flood levels.
If a hydraulic model is used to investigate major flood events, flood extent on adjacent land is often required. We have done many investigations where the hydraulic model is extended so that the river channel can overflow onto linked floodplain areas, showing any resulting inundation.
We have efficient systems for processing hydraulic model results into maps of flood depth, flow velocity or a combination of the two for ease of viewing. This allows quick identification of the affected areas and the severity of the flood hazard.
Flood studies are a useful tool for planning purposes and risk assessment. Increasingly flood studies are used to aid in zoning decisions which mitigate flood risk. Our flood studies have been used to determine safe floor levels, identify overland flow paths and bottlenecks in the drainage network, and facilitate management in emergency flood situations.
Evolving land use causing increased runoff during storms and settlement of marginal floodplain areas are leading to more flood issues throughout New Zealand. Hydraulic models of rivers and floodplains give the client flexibility to test potential solutions to flood issues. Once developed, the model can be used multiple times to evaluate the effectiveness of flood mitigation options as part of a cost benefit analysis.
Study of how sediment moves through a river system and how the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 35.43964
Retrieved Text: A tsunami is a series of enormous waves created by an underwater disturbance such as an earthquake, landslide, volcanic eruption, or meteorite. A tsunami can move hundreds of miles per hour in the open ocean and smash into land with waves as high as 100 feet or more. From the area where the tsunami originates, waves travel outward in all directions. Once the wave approaches the shore, it builds in height. The topography of the coastline and the ocean floor will influence the size of the wave. There may be more than one wave and the succeeding one may be larger that the one before. That is why a small tsunami at one beach can be a giant wave a few miles away. All tsunamis are potentially dangerous, even though they may not damage every coastline they strike. A tsunami can strike anywhere along most of the U.S. coastline. The most destructive tsunamis have occurred along the coasts of California, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii. Earthquake-induced movement of the ocean floor most often generates tsunamis. If a major earthquake or landslide occurs close to shore, the first wave in a series could reach the beach in a few minutes, even before a warning is issued. Areas are at greater risk if they are less than 25 feet above sea level and within a mile of the shoreline. Drowning is the most common cause of death associated with a tsunami. Tsunami waves and the receding water are very destructive to structures in the run-up zone. Other hazard

########
Rank: 16
Score: 35.249504
Retrieved Text: This theory was initially dismissed due to complications with it but by using more advanced computer simulations, it has been developed to the point where it now provides a reasonable alternative to the standing edge wave theory. The theory has two main points that seek to explain the formation of regularly spaced beach cusps.
The first is that positive feedback between the morphology of the beach and the flow of the water creates relief patterns. On a flat beach, surface areas will develop with a slightly lower relief than their surroundings. Areas with lower relief attract and accelerate water particles, which means they have more energy and the area is eroded further. Through positive feedback, the area becomes more and more eroded, and this creates the embayment. The development of these areas of lower relief causes mean beach level to be lowered and so areas that were initially on the level are now below the average and as such, are now areas of higher relief. Areas of higher relief slow the water down and sediment is deposited on top of them, which increases their impact. This creates the horns.
The uniform spacing of cusps is caused by the communication of surface gradients along the beach by the smoothing of the beach surface as the beach tries to rearrange itself to reduce variations in the plane.
The second main point about the regular spacing of cusps is that negative feedback will decrease the amount of net erosion and deposition within a well-formed cusp. As the wave strikes the beach, it

########
Rank: 17
Score: 35.116066
Retrieved Text: New evidence in support of the oceans-on-Mars theory has surfaced from a very spectacular source: geological deposits associated with tsunamis have been mapped on the red planet.
Scientists are fairly certain that at some point in the past, Mars held liquid water. But a more controversial topic is how much of it there was — namely, if Mars ever had oceans on its surface. A new paper published by an international team of researchers comes to support the idea that oceans did in fact once grace the face of Mars in style: with tsunamis.
“We found typical tsunami deposits along the dichotomy between the northern hemisphere and southern hemisphere of Mars, it supports that there was, at that time, a northern ocean,” Francois Costard, PhD, researcher at the Université Paris-Sud 11, Orsay Earth Science Department and director of research at the French National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS) and first author of the paper said of the sediment distribution on the northern plains of Mars.
These structures are known as lobate flow deposits and were first sighted by the Viking orbiters in the early days of martian research. They’re basically piles and piles of large rocks and other geological debris stacked below cliffs, with characteristic shape and topography. The deposits in the area the team was investigating (Vastitas Borealis Formation) were previously theorized to have been formed by mud volcanoes, glacier movement, or mud flows.
But the characteristics displayed by the lobade deposits are suspiciously similar to what you’d expect to see when a tsunami hits high-land and all the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 34.79679
Retrieved Text: When you stand at a vantage point of space, you’ll be treated to an array of breathtaking landforms. However, these beautiful pieces of nature can only qualify as landforms if nature created them. This means human-made dams, vehicles, and buildings cannot be called landforms. Mountains, hills, plains, plateaus, beaches, sea stacks and canyons all qualify as landforms since they’ve been formed by nature over time. The whole process of landform formation is known as erosion.
Erosion is the wearing away of the earth’s surface by the action of natural forces, for example, water, wind and glacial ice. The loose and dissolved materials move from one location to another. Erosion should not be confused with weathering. Weathering is where rock is broken down and dissolved into tiny particles by chemical, physical and biological processes. Think of weathering as the process of breaking down rock using a hammer. Erosion moves the weathered rock particles to another location by the action of water, wind, ice and gravity. Transport renders the erosion process complete since it’s the part that entails movement of weathered materials and other particles from the source to other locations.
Water is a liquid drank by humans, animals, and plants. It’s also produced during photosynthesis. Rain and subsequent flowing water carry along weathered rocks and other particles to be deposited at lower elevations.
Wind is the movement of air, in most cases with significant force. The movement of air is usually from an area of high pressure to an area of low pressure. The force of wind is capable of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 34.522682
Retrieved Text: The significant characteristics controlling the variability in storm-generated suspended-sediment loads and concentrations were analyzed for four basins of differing land use (forest, pasture, cropland, and urbanizing) in humid-tropical Puerto Rico. Statistical analysis involved stepwise regression on factor scores. The explanatory variables were attributes of flow, hydrograph peaks, and rainfall, categorized into 5 flow periods: (1) the current storm hydrograph, (2) the flowand rainfall since the previous stormevent, (3) the previous stormevent, (4) 2nd previous storm event, and (5) the 3rd previous storm event. The response variables (storm generated sediment loads and concentrations) were analyzed for three portions of the stormhydrograph: (1) the entire storm, (2) the rising limb, and (3) the recessional limb. Hysteresis differences in sediment concentration between the rising and falling limb were also analyzed using these explanatory variables. Sediment availability in the study basins is related to land use and underlying geology. The supply of sediment and its location in the watershed have a strong influence on how current and previous storm events, and flow and rainfall between storm events, affect sediment loads and concentrations. In basins with limited sediment availability (forest and pasture), previous storm events supply sediment to the channel. This in-channel sediment becomes the source of sediment on the rising limb of the next event and clockwise hysteresis occurs. In the cropland basin with high sediment availability, sediment delivered to the channel during events becomes the source of sediment on the rising limb of the next event and clockwise hysteresis occurs. In the urbanizing basin with high sediment availability, counterclockwise

########
Rank: 20
Score: 34.429424
Retrieved Text: FEMA calculations show these types of earthquakes happen at regular intervals in this specific part of the world, roughly every 240 years.
FEMA warns California! Get off the coast! M9 or greater is Imminent! Earth crustal shift, Cascadia Subduction Zone about to slip!
Even the New Madrid has tripled in earthquake swarms! Prepare Now!!
A massive earthquake and tsunami is said to occur every 400-600 years, and is now overdue in the region .
Scientists also detailed plans on how to combat threat at Seismological Society of America meeting in April.
They said new technologies such as camera-bearing drones could send video messages of incoming waves.
The threat of a massive earthquake and tsunami have been looming over the Pacific Northwest for decades.
Now, experts are taking it seriously. This summer the Federal Emergency Management Administration (Fema) is conducting a large-scale drill to see if it’s ready for worst.
The test will simulate a 9.0 magnitude quake along the Cascadia Subduction Zone, followed by a tsunami that could create waves more than 50ft-high.
Experts say an event of this kind occurs roughly every 400-600 years, and the area is now overdue for a similar quake that could leave thousands dead or displaced.
The main coastal highway, US Route 101, will suffer heavy damage from the shaking and from the tsunami.
Traffic on Interstate 5 — one of the most important thoroughfares in the nation — will likely have to be rerouted because of large cracks in the pavement.
Seattle, Portland and other urban areas could suffer considerable damage, such as the collapse of structures built before codes were

########
Rank: 21
Score: 34.339146
Retrieved Text: The Great Lakes coast comprises a variety of shore types that range from low-lying coastal marshes subject to flooding to high rock cliffs that are resistant to erosion. Most of the coast, however, is composed of erodible glacially deposited sand, gravel, clay, and a clay like material called till.
On the coast, the forces of erosion are embodied in waves, currents, and wind. Surface water and groundwater flow and freeze-thaw cycles might also play a role.
The coastal Great Lakes region is of glacial origin, and it has a variety of general shore types: high and low rocky bluffs, low floodplains and coastal marshes, high and low sand / till bluffs, sand dunes, and artificial coastlines.
Of the erodible shore types, the 2 most common are sand / till bluffs and sand dunes.
The sand / till bluff shore type is most often characterized by an underlayer of a less erodible, more compact material, such as clay or glacial till, overlaid by more erodible, less compact material, such as sand and gravel. Layers of till or clay might also be present in the overlayer. Because of the presence of the compact underlayer, these shore types have been referred to as "cohesive coasts." Because of the variation in depositional environments, the composition and erodibility of cohesive coasts might vary considerably over distances as short as several hundred yards.
The sand dune shore type generally comprises glacially deposited sands and gravels that have been reformed by winds. Although there are dune shore types that consist entirely of sand, very often the dunes sit

########
Rank: 22
Score: 34.166794
Retrieved Text: Throughout history, large tsunamis have frequently affected the Sanriku area of the Pacific coast of the Tohoku region, Japan, which faces the Japan Trench. Although a few studies have examined paleo-tsunami deposits along the Sanriku coast, additional studies of paleo-earthquakes and tsunamis are needed to improve our knowledge of the timing, recurrence interval, and size of historical and pre-historic tsunamis. At Noda Village, in Iwate Prefecture on the northern Sanriku coast, we found at least four distinct gravelly sand layers based on correlation and chronological data. Sedimentary features such as grain size and thickness suggest that extreme waves from the sea formed these layers. Numerical modeling of storm waves further confirmed that even extremely large storm waves cannot account for the distribution of the gravelly sand layers, suggesting that these deposits are highly likely to have formed by tsunami waves. The numerical method of storm waves can be useful to identify sand layers as tsunami deposits if the deposits are observed far inland or at high elevations. The depositional age of the youngest tsunami deposit is consistent with the AD 869 Jogan earthquake tsunami, a possible predecessor of the AD 2011 Tohoku-oki tsunami. If this is the case, then the study site currently defines the possible northern extent of the AD 869 Jogan tsunami deposit, which is an important step in improving the tsunami source model of the AD 869 Jogan tsunami. Our results suggest that four large tsunamis struck the Noda site between 1100 and 2700 cal BP. The local tsunami sizes are comparable to

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.946552
Retrieved Text: Oil company divers have discovered 'Britain's Atlantis,' an underwater world which was swallowed by the North Sea between 18,000 and 5,500 BCE.
Working with University of St. Andrews science teams, divers found remains of a huge area of land that stretched from Scotland to Denmark and slowly submerged by water.
The 'drowned world' is said to have been the 'real heartland' of Europe, housing tens of thousands of people in an area that stretched from Northern Scotland across to Denmark and down the English Channel as far as the Channel Islands.
Once roamed by mammoths, Doggerland was hit by ‘a devastating tsunami', the researchers say.
“The name was coined for Dogger Bank, but it applies to any of several periods when the North Sea was land,” said Richard Bates of the University of St. Andrews.
“Around 20,000 years ago, there was a 'maximum' - although part of this area would have been covered with ice. When the ice melted, more land was revealed - but the sea level also rose.
“Through a lot of new data from oil and gas companies, we’re able to give form to the landscape - and make sense of the mammoths found out there, and the reindeer. We’re able to understand the types of people who were there.
Bones found by North Sea fishermen had prompted speculations about the existence of the lost land, but the there were no clues as to how it looked like.
“We have now been able to model its flora and fauna, build up a picture of the ancient people that lived there and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.79406
Retrieved Text: Flood season in Australia and across Livingstone Shire is between November and April.
There are three common types of floods that affect Australia.
Inland rivers in the vast, flat areas of Queensland often flood. These floods may take days to build-up, but can last for weeks or even months.
Rapid on-set flooding occurs more quickly than slow on-set flooding. Rapid on-set floods can be much more damaging and pose a greater risk to loss of life and property because there is generally less time to take preventative action from a faster, more dangerous flow of water. This type of flooding can affect most of our major towns and cities.
Flash flooding, which is the most common in the Livingstone Shire, results from relatively short, intense bursts of rainfall, often during thunderstorms. It can occur in almost all parts of Australia and poses the greatest threat to life. People are often swept away after entering floodwaters on foot or in vehicles. These floods can result in significant property damage and major social disruption. They are a serious problem in urban areas where drainage systems are often unable to cope with large amounts of water in a short time.
Check your Emergency Kit is stocked with essential items to assist if you were to be isolated or without power.
Don't forget your pets and/or animals. Make sure your pets are safe out of flood water and if you live on a farm move cattle to higher ground.
Bushfire season in Australia is between July and November.
A bushfire is a fire that burns in grass, bush

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.655365
Retrieved Text: A sustainable, long term coastal management solution.
Soft engineering does not involve building artificial structures but takes a more sustainable and natural approach to managing the coast.
Compared to hard engineering, soft engineering approaches are less expensive, are more long-term, attractive and sustainable as they work with natural processes. Below we explore some of the soft engineering techniques available in managing coastlines.
Beaches are made higher and wider by importing sand and shingle to an area affected by longshore drift.
Cheap, retain the natural appearance of the beach and preserves the natural appearance of the beach.
Offshore dredging of sand and shingle increases erosion in other areas and affects the ecosystem. Large storms will require beach replenishment, increasing costs.
This is when areas of the coast are allowed to erode. This is usually in areas where the land is of low value.
Managed retreat retains the natural balance of the coastal system. Eroded material encourages the development of beaches and salt marshes.
People lose their livelihood e.g. farmers. These people will need to be compensated.
Depends on the amount of compensation that needs to be paid to people affected by erosion.
Take a look at our coastal realignment case study on Donna Nook, Lincolnshire.
Dune regeneration involves taking action to build up dunes and increase vegetation. This helps to strengthen the dunes and prevent coastal retreat. New sand dunes can be created to protect from coastal flooding. Often, marram grass is planted to hold the dunes together. Wooden boardwalks can be built to encourage people not to walk on the dunes.
Dune regeneration provides a barrier between land

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.20239
Retrieved Text: Allowing mangrove forests to recover naturally result in more resilient habitats that benefit both wildlife and people, say conservationists.
In Indonesia, a Wetlands International project uses permeable dams to restore sediment needed for the trees to grow.
The charity says early results suggest "ecological restoration" is more effective than planting programmes.
More than half of the world's most at-risk habitats have been felled or lost over the past century, UN data shows.
Mangroves are a group of about 80 different salt-tolerant species of trees that are able to live along the intertidal zones of coastlines in tropical and sub-tropical regions.
The characteristic root systems of these trees allow them to withstand the ebb and flow of daily tides. The roots also act as buffers, slowing the flow of the tidal waters, allowing sediment to settle and build up as nutrient-rich mud.
The unique habitats provide valuable shelter and breeding sites for fish, as well as stabilising coastlines, reducing erosion from storm surges and tsunamis.
A report by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) shortly after the 2004 Asia tsunami, which killed more than 200,000 people in nations lining the Indian Ocean, highlighted how in-tact mangrove forests provided protection to coastal communities.
It reported that two people were killed in a Sri Lankan village with dense mangrove and scrub forest, but up to 6,000 people lost their lives in a settlement that was no longer protected by similar vegetation.
Following the 2004 tsunami, the importance of robust and resilient mangrove forests became widely recognised, explained Femke Tonneijck, Wetlands International's programme manager for coastal wetlands.
"This

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.11705
Retrieved Text: SULAWESI ISLAND HAS BEEN HIT BY A 7.5 MAGNITUDE EARTHQUAKE AND A DEVASTATING TSUNAMI, FLATTENING EVERYTHING IN ITS PATH. PLEASE DONATE TO SAVE LIVES IN INDONESIA AND AROUND THE WORLD NOW.
On Friday 28 September, the people of Sulawesi looked on in horror as giant waves crashed onto their shores.
First the island was hit by a 7.5 magnitude earthquake. Then a tsunami tore through the region, flattening everything in its path and turning thousands of homes to rubble.
We’re sending a response team to understand how we can help Sulawesi families who have lost everything. But our resources are limited after an unprecedented stream of disasters this year.
Right now, our teams are stretched across the globe, responding to natural disasters in the Philippines and Kenya, as well as operating in Syria, Iraq, the Lake Chad Basin and Somalia.
We rely on our incredible supporters to fund our vital work providing shelter in times of disaster. We’re impatient to respond – wherever we’re needed in the world – but we need your help.
This is the latest in a series of earthquakes to hit Indonesia.
We already have a ShelterBox team on the island of Lombok, helping families recover from the 6.9 magnitude earthquake which hit in August.
The team is working with our local Rotary contacts to deliver aid to families in Lombok who lost everything in the quakes. So far we have helped over 360 families across North and West Lombok.
Now, in the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi, we are hoping to help many more families. We’re sending

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.073288
Retrieved Text: The 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake took place on December 26. The earthquake occurred on what is called Boxing Day, a term meaning to give a gift box to those who provided service during the year. The earthquake registered a magnitude of 9.1 to 9.3, one of the strongest earthquakes ever recorded. It involved a megathrust earthquake that involved nearly 1000 miles of rupture along the subduction zone where the Burma Plate and India Plates meet. The resulting tsunami produced waves of up to 30 meters and killed some 230,000 people in 14 countries.
A tsunami involves the movement of water waves along the sea floor after a large undersea disturbance. The tsunami waves move like the ripples on a pond when a rock strikes the surface of the water. On the open ocean, the tsunami waves may travel as fast as 720 km/hr (about 450 mph) along the bottom of the ocean. As the tsunami waves reach shallow water, the height of the waves grows dramatically, up to 30 meters (about 100 feet), inundating the seashore with the tremendous power of a large amount of water traveling at great speed.
National Geographic reports that tsunamis have been relatively rare in the Indian Ocean, at least in human memory. They are most prevalent in the Pacific. But every ocean has experienced the scourges. North America is no stranger to tsunamis. Based on scientific evidence, it is believed that a 9.0 earthquake occurred in the Pacific Northwest in 1700. Japanese scientists have presented evidence that a tsunami struck a Japanese

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.05912
Retrieved Text: Tsunami | What's The Plan, Stan?
A tsunami is a series of waves caused by large earthquakes. All of New Zealand’s coast line is at risk of tsunami. A tsunami wave can grow to become a fast moving wall of water. For a local source tsunami which could arrive in minutes, there won’t be time for an official warning. It is important to recognise the natural warning signs and act quickly. Move immediately to the nearest high ground, or as far inland as you can. Walk or bike if possible. Sometimes tsunami travel across the ocean from far away and we have more time to warn people what to do.
Tsunami is a Japanese word meaning ‘harbour wave’. A tsunami is a series of fast travelling waves caused by a large disturbance in the sea or on the ocean floor. An earthquake, landslide, volcanic eruption or meteorite can cause the disturbance. The waves can be separated by as much as an hour apart. They can travel many thousands of kilometres across the oceans at great speeds of up to 800 kilometres per hour.
A tsunami may not be noticed as it crosses deep oceans, but it loses speed and gains height when it reaches shallow water. Large waves up to 15 metres or more in height can come crashing onto the land. The effects can be worse in narrow bays and inlets.
Tsunami waves appear either as rapidly-moving tides with very strong currents that can wash people and objects out to sea, or as large breaking waves that can cause

================



======= Instance Index 17 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The earth develops cracks deep beneath the surface
- The cracks get very long and big in some places
- The earth places pressure against the rocks on both sides of the cracks
- The pressure causes the rocks to press against each other very hard
- The cracks continue to develop
- The earth moves against itself on both sides of the cracks
- The pressure and movement around the cracks causes the rocks to crumble in some places
- A lot of energy is released
- The energy causes seismic waves
- The seismic waves move the earth in an earthquake.

Question:
suppose there will be fewer earthquakes happens, how will it affect MORE/STRONGER earthquakes.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.570305
Retrieved Text: Half the United States population is at risk of being harmed by earthquakes, and tens of millions are in the bull’s-eye of much stronger earthquakes.
That’s the grim outlook of a U.S. Geological Survey report published earlier this month that focused on answering the great and terrible question: How devastating can earthquakes actually be to Americans and what should we do about it?
More than 143 million Americans living in the 48 contiguous states are exposed to potentially damaging ground shaking from earthquakes. When the people living in the earthquake-prone areas of Alaska, Hawaii and U.S. territories are added, this number rises to nearly half of all Americans.
So, earthquakes also lead to tsunamis, and just in case we’re not freaked out enough by the shaking, the University of Washington has sent out a Q and A with researchers who model tsunamis that would be generated by the great and terrible “mega-thrust Cascadia killer quake” due in the next couple of hundred years.
Here are two versions of how a tsunami caused by a mega-thrust earthquake in the NW Cascadia Subduction Zone would propagate. The models are from the NOAA Center for Tsunami Research.
Here’s some of that exchange, which you can read in full on the UW site.
How would a tsunami from a large offshore earthquake affect Puget Sound?
LeVeque: The tsunami would be coming from the open ocean, so it would come in through the Strait of Juan de Fuca and come down to Puget Sound. We’re just starting to look down there. But by the time the tsunami gets

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.201252
Retrieved Text: To understand how earthquakes affect our climate, we must first understand what the climate is and how an earthquake happens. The climate is the change in meteorological variables such as a change in the temperature, the amount of precipitation that we get, or even the amount of wind that occurs in an area. It is also considered to be the weather averaged over time.
Most people’s understanding of an earthquake is that it is when the ground begins to suddenly shake. This occurs very rapidly and can cause a lot of destruction in a short amount of time. If they occur in a residential or commercial area, they can cause tremendous damage to homes, bridges and buildings. They are responsible for about 15,000 deaths each year. They can also cause landslides and in some areas have been known to cause volcano’s to erupt.
An earthquake can also cause fires due to downed power lines or damaged gas lines. In this event it can be hard to keep some fires under control. If the earthquake occurs close to a river dams can also be damaged and extensive flooding can occur. Massive earthquakes, where they occur out in the ocean, can also cause Tsunami’s. They can travel hundreds of miles in the ocean and when they reach the shore line they are known to cause excessive destruction.
There are over half of a million earthquakes that occur annually. Most of these are never felt by people and are only detected by instruments. There are around 100,000 earthquakes that are felt by

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.823647
Retrieved Text: Earthquakes occur all over the world, mostly around plate edges, on faults. Here are three things to keep in mind to ensure safety in an earthquake.
Scientists in California have found that earthquakes can occur much deeper below the Earth's surface than originally believed, a discovery that alters their understanding of seismic behavior and potential risks.
Seismologists have long believed that earthquakes occur less than 12 to 15 miles underground in the planet's brittle, rocky crust. But new research has found evidence of quakes deeper than 15 miles under the surface, in the upper mantle, an area where the rock is so hot that it is no longer brittle but creeps, moving around like an extremely hard honey.
Three scientists at Caltech in Pasadena studied data collected over six months from 5,000 state-of-the-art sensors installed in Long Beach atop the Newport-Inglewood fault, one of the most dangerous in the Los Angeles Basin and which caused the magnitude 6.4 Long Beach earthquake of 1933.
Caltech seismology professor Jean Paul Ampuero, one of three authors of the study that was published Thursday in the journal Science, said the research raised the possibility that the Newport-Inglewood fault and others, such as the San Andreas, could see even more powerful earthquakes than expected. The earthquakes he and his colleagues studied were so deep that they were not felt at the surface by conventional seismic sensors.
The new report indicates that it's possible a quake much closer to the surface could travel much deeper into the Earth, producing a stronger, more damaging rupture than previously believed

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.44641
Retrieved Text: An earthquake is a combination of different phenomena. An earthquake initiates with the sudden slip of rock on either side of a crack in the earth, called a fault. The sliding of the rock on the fault due to the rock slip radiates seismic waves in all directions. The seismic waves vibrate the ground surface and are experienced as earthquake ground shaking. Different kinds of seismic waves travel with different speeds and have different amplitudes or strengths. For this reason, even though the rock slip that initiates an earthquake might be over in only a few or several seconds, the ground shaking radiated by a large earthquake slip on a fault can last many tens of seconds.
The focus of an earthquake is the point where the rocks start to fracture. It is the origin of the earthquake. The epicenter is the point on land directly above the focus.
The magnitude and intensity of an earthquake is measured by the Richter Scale and the Modified Mercalli Intensity (MMI) scale, respectively. The Richter Magnitude Scale measures the amount of seismic energy released by an earthquake, while the Mercalli scale describes the intensity of an earthquake based on its observed effects at a site where earthquake shaking is felt.
The USGS generates a real-time map of earthquakes that have occurred over the past 7 days in the United States. The map includes the time and strength of any earthquake with a magnitude over 1.0 (updated hourly).
All 50 States and the 4 US territories have had earthquakes in the past and will

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.754883
Retrieved Text: We are Gran Canaria's most-read English language website and most of what we do is about our favourite Canary Island. However, when the press publishes stories that affect tourism all over the Canary Islands, we feel compelled to comment. In this case, we can't let inaccurate press stories worry people without an answer.
Whats going on in La Palma?
The latest press scare stories were caused by a series of small earthquakes deep inside La Palma island. They happened 14 kilometres under the Cumbre Vieja volcano in the far south of the island.
Press reports about a megatsunami are based on a scientific study, published in 1999, that speculated about the possibility that La Palma's western flank is unstable and could collapse. Subsequent studies have shown that there isn't a fault and that a sudden collapse just isn't going to happen.
Geologists believe that the island needs to grow in height by another 1000 metres before it became unstable. That's going to take between 10,000 and 50,000 years.
Research around the world has found that big landslides caused by volcanoes are extremely rare. Even unstable volcanoes tend to fall apart in bits rather than collapse in one go.
Will La Palma's Cumbre Vieja volcano erupt soon?
This volcano last erupted in 1971 (and before that in 1949) and is still geologically active. It will erupt again at some point and seems to go off about once every 70-200 years on average. However, these eruptions are not huge and don't cause tsunamis or big earthquakes.
This is an important point if you are planning a

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.54628
Retrieved Text: The immediate effects of earthquakes are visible: lost lives, displaced people, destroyed houses and shattered cultural heritage sites. Take a longer view, however, and earthquakes are often associated with profound political and social transformation. Such change may be given momentum by the shock of the disaster, the desire to reform ways of governing and being governed that could not withstand the shock, and by the arrival of new ideas about how things should be done.
The SOAS-led ‘Sway’ project [https://sway.soscbaha.org/] has been studying the impacts of the 2015 Gorkha earthquake and earlier earthquakes in Nepal with a view to understand social and political change, to document efforts to reclaim and reinvent material culture, and to explore archives relating to previous disasters. The work of this project will be one of the focal points of this conference.
Humanitarianism: Who is responsible? Who comes to the aid of those inhabiting the ruins and why? What do they hope to achieve? What forms have earthquake humanitarianism taken? What have they achieved?
Bureaucracy: Earthquakes encourage new legislation, codes and new procedures. What shape have these taken? To what end? How have earthquakes been understood within new bureaucracies? How has bureaucracy refashioned citizenship or urban form?
Philosophy: In South Asia, what have earthquakes made people think about religion, nature, government and relations between one another? How do earthquakes influence the direction or shape of societies?
Affect and Memory: What forms of social, political and heritage activism have arisen from earthquakes in South Asia? What artistic and literary responses have there been? How have earthquakes been remembered

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.577763
Retrieved Text: Bilham and his colleague, Rebecca Bendick, a geophysicist at the University of Montana in Missoula, looked at the history of earthquakes of magnitude 7 or greater since 1900.
On average, there were about 15 major earthquakes per year since 1900. However, during certain periods, the planet sees between 25 and 35 earthquakes greater than magnitude 7 in a year. When the team looked more closely, they found those periods coincided with times when the Earth spins more slowly, meaning the days get slightly longer. Changes in Earth's rotational speed can be caused by weather patterns like El Niño, ocean currents and currents in the molten core of the planet. When fluids speed up, the solid Earth must slow down, Bilham said.
Because NASA tracks the length of the day to the microsecond, these slowdowns in Earth's spin can be predicted five years in advance, Bilham said.
Based on that data, the Earth is entering a period of prolonged slower rotation. As a result, next year could see more quakes, if past data is any indication. Whereas an average year might see about 15 earthquakes of magnitude 7 or greater, the next four years could see closer to 20 earthquakes of that size, Bilham said.
"Knowing that earthquakes will be more plentiful in five or six or seven years is useful because if a city planning department is considering retrofitting buildings to make them earthquake-safe now, or in 10 years' time, the knowledge that more earthquakes are on their way may make them act now, rather than later," Bilham said.
However, this

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.44629
Retrieved Text: This is a update on the earthquake swarm on Tjörnes Fracture Zone. Information in this article might get outdated quickly.
The earthquake swarm is ongoing as of writing of this article, it has now been going for a week. Since Wednesday there haven’t been any earthquakes over magnitude 3,0. Largest earthquake have reached magnitude 2,9 in last 48 hours. Total number of earthquakes in last 48 hours is around 567.
The earthquake swarm west of Kópasker village. Copyright of this image belongs to Icelandic Met Office.
This earthquake swarm has been slowly getting less intense and fewer earthquakes have been recorded since yesterday than the days before. It does not mean that this earthquake swarm is over. It might increase again if a large earthquake happens (magnitude 4,0+).
This entry was posted in Earthquakes, Monitoring, Swarm, TFZ, Tjörnes Fracture Zone. Bookmark the permalink.
Jon thanks for the updates. What would you guess is ahead for this area over the next month or so ? Is it likely that a large quake is still possible and would a larger quake have any chance of causing any wave action?
It is not possible to make a prediction on TFZ. The fault line structure in this area is complex and its also larger than SISZ as an example.
I don’t know if you can read this article. It shows in great details the faults in TFZ and their activity in the time period of 1994 – 2005.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.303852
Retrieved Text: (February 3, 2014) Chinese geologist Fan Xiao investigates once again if the impoundment of a large dam reservoir triggered a series of earthquakes in China’s seismically active southwest region. Based on data collected by China Seismic Information (CSI), Mr. Fan says, ‘Yes’. Not only were the November 22, 2013, seismic events recorded in Sichuan, China, not naturally occurring or isolated incidents, he says the region should prepare for stronger, “even destructive earthquakes” as a result of further impoundment.
In this exclusive for Probe International, well-known Chinese geologist Fan Xiao looks at how a series of three seismic events on November 22, 2013, coincided with the rapid and substantial reservoir impoundment over the past year of southwestern China’s Jinping-I Hydropower Station — the world’s tallest arch dam. Mr. Fan believes reservoir-induced-seismicity (RIS), triggered by the impoundment of Jinping-I, was likely behind the recent quakes and could induce stronger earthquakes in the region. RIS is related to the filling and drawdown of reservoirs and the rate at which it happens.
The 305-metre high arch dam of the Jinping I Power Station on Yalong River; Source: Sinohydro.
Since the reservoir began filling on October 8, 2012, Jinping’s water level has risen from 1,652 metres to 1,840 metres (above sea level), with an increment of 188 metres — a dramatic rise by comparison to two other mega-dams of note along the upstream stretches of the Yangtze.
In a phenomenon known as “reservoir-induced seismicity” (RIS), scientists have observed that large reservoirs built on fault lines can induce earthquakes. The Jinping-I Dam site — located on

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.287098
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 10
Score: 38.08444
Retrieved Text: Some, but not all, earthquakes are related to volcanoes. For example, most earthquakes are along the edges of tectonic plates. This is where most volcanoes .Earthquakes vs. Volcanoes: Answers from Big Dataearthquakes and one or more effects of volcanoes, but I need help to compare and contrast them. I can identify one relevant similarity and difference between .Comparing Volcanic and Earthquake HazardsMay 19, 2013 - Here, we are at the fundamental difference between volcanoes and earthquakes: scale! Earthquakes can affect large regions over a very short .How are volcanoes and earthquakes related? Volcano WorldComparing volcanic and earthquake hazards. Exploring why some volcanoes are more dangerous than others. VOCABULARY: ash; lava; mudslide; viscous .[PDF]Compare and contrast: the effects of earthquakes and.
What is the difference between earthquakes and volcanoes? Yahoo.Earthquakes are vibrations or tremors that shake the Earth, volcanoes are fissures or vents in the Earth which allow molten lava and gasses to escape.The Difference Between an Earthquake & a Volcano eHowMar 25, 2009 - This is a really basic question any 5 yr old would be able to answer. The word "earth" is a dead giveaway for earthquakes. They are caused .What is the difference between a volcano and an earthquakeThe Difference Between an Earthquake & a Volcano. Earthquakes and volcanoes are both a result of plate tectonics. The Earth's surface is covered with a series .
Wait what ur dad beats yah?!
How Are Earthquakes And Volcanoes Related To The Theory Of Plate Tectonics?
Volcanoes, Mountains, Ocean Basins & Earthquakes, Oh my!
Volcanoes and earthquakes. Inside the Volcano.
Maureen Long: "Earthquakes,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 38.065384
Retrieved Text: Have you ever felt an earthquake? Can you imagine what it would have felt like if it was 10 times stronger? How about 100 times stronger?
In the early morning hours of April 18, 1906, people in San Francisco did not have to use their imaginations - they lived it! What do the following pictures tell us about their experience?
What if a similar earthquake happened in San Diego?
What would it be like to experience an earthquake like the one that struck San Francisco in 1906?
What was the damage to the city, and what was it like to live there afterwards?
Where do big earthquakes occur most often in California and why?
Students should create a concept map to help guide their inquiry process, then write a story, letter, or visual presentation that describes the experience of living through the 1906 San Francisco earthquake.
Students should create a map of California that indicates the location of high magnitude earthquakes, and the location of the North American, Pacific, and Juan de Fuca tectonic plates in order to make connections between these pieces of data.
First person accounts of the earthquake, photographs, newspaper articles and various public documents from the period can be found at http://www.sfmuseum.org/1906/06.html.
The following is an example of the process students might go through in the analysis of data in order to develop answers to their questions.
For the first two questions, concept mapping can be used to delve into the primary sources provided at the Virtual Museum of San Francisco (http://www.sfmuseum.org/1906/06.html). Working in teams, students should start their concept maps with

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.87708
Retrieved Text: Tsunami, you may have probably heard of it on TV news, or perhaps watched a movie on these killer waves. The name “killer wave” for tsunami may seem odd, but it is the meaning of it in the Japanese language.
Tsunamis are a number of giant waves that occur in oceans or large lakes. These waves grow stronger and stronger upon reaching towards shores. Tsunamis are known for their massive destruction, especially the cities near them get most of the destruction.
Tsunamis are the mighty waves that are caused due to sudden displacement of water in oceans or large lakes. So, how water displacement causes a tsunami? To understand this, let’s make a little tsunami in your water tub! For this, when you are in your bathtub, just move forward quickly. You will see a large amount of water will rise high, flooding your floor. The same thing happens during the tsunami, but instead of one wave, you will get a number of waves in the real tsunami.
So, what causes water to displace suddenly in the oceans? Well, the credit goes to some geological activities. These activities are volcanic eruptions, landslides, breaking-off glaciers, and earthquakes. These all activities when cross a certain limit displaces the water so quickly that tsunamis are born.
The geological activity that causes most of the tsunamis is an earthquake. Earthquakes are a sudden movement of a large area of crust – upper layer of earth. As a result, the gaps are made along the way in the crust. When these gaps appear in ocean

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.637905
Retrieved Text: 1 Andrija Stampar School of Public Health, School of Medicine, University of Zagreb. Zagreb, Croatia.
Earthquakes are probably the scariest among the natural disasters that teach us about the forces of nature and their unpredictability. Knowing that there is nothing we can do to prevent the occurrence of an earthquake, we are forced to learn from our own experience. This paper systematizes the environmental, medical and public health impacts of earthquakes. Each is presented in a structured way, highlighting its most important aspects. The relationship between them and the affected environment and population; as well as the connection between these are emphasized during earthquakes. The environment at the place of occurrence of an earthquake is important for the survival of victims and also defines the particular medical and public health needs arising from its specificity. Every country needs good disaster management with specific protocols for the expected type of disaster. These protocols must incorporate environmental, medical and public health aspects and their implementation must be very efficient; they must include educating the inhabit- ants; training teams involved in rescue, (eventual) migration/ evacuation, medical treatments and public health actions, and training and educating leaders.
Los sismos son, probablemente, los desastres naturales que más nos asustan entre todos los que nos enseñan sobre las fuerzas de la naturaleza y su impredecibilidad. Puesto que sabemos que no podemos hacer nada para evitar que ocurra un sismo, nos vemos obligados a aprender de nuestra propia experiencia. Este trabajo sistematiza los impactos de los sismos sobre el medio ambiente, la atención médica y

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.593525
Retrieved Text: Every so often, Earth's rotation slows down or speeds up by a few microseconds. While the changes don't affect us directly, some scientists think recent slowdowns could be a sign of big earthquakes to come.
In a new study, researchers looked at every earthquake since 1900 that registered a magnitude of 7 or larger and saw an uptick in the number of big quakes about every 32 years. They also noticed an unusual pattern: Earth's rotation would slow about five years before every cluster of earthquakes.
The scientists can't explain for sure how the slower rotations led to more severe earthquakes yet. They suggest the small changes between Earth's crust and liquid core might be the culprit.
But considering Earth's most recent slowing period started more than four years ago, researchers say 2018 is ripe for severe earthquakes.
It's unclear just how many more there'll be, but one of the study's authors told The Guardian, "We could easily have 20 a year starting in 2018." That's more than three times the number of significant magnitude 7 or higher earthquakes so far in 2017.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.522408
Retrieved Text: I have always been suspicious of "plate tectonics". After becoming an EQ (Earthquake) predictor, I became even more suspicious. Sure there are plates of some sort, but EQs are definitely not evenly distributed which would be more likely if the whole plate was moving, so more is at play.
It is also VERY clear that earthquakes and volcanos are intimately linked. Plate tectonics doesn't really account for that.
Enter Surge tectonics, Powerpoint below. It has become very clear to me from EQ observation that there is more than just a "force release" going on, there is energy transfer across large distances, which I used to relate to momentum of the plate, but the Surge hypothesis may meld into a new hypothesis to describe or complement the momentum transfer.
pot shot at Sun effects state that because sun spots are fairly equally scattered around large earthquakes, that the Sun affect is wrong. But those people.......are simply, too simple. Its not just the sunspots, only certain sunspots end up creating large magnetic disturbances and CMEs.
And from a reader, pointing out Suspicious0bservers research on "our star's" Coronal holes which are magnetic fields that are highly correlated with the largest of earthquakes. Here is a picture from a research paper he wrote. Please read the whole paper.
And finally, my own theory that will be linked to the GUT grand unification theory of the still unknown force or ether that will someday be known....small fast moving space rocks cause earthquakes and its not through gravity.
That said look at the upper picture. Very unusual large

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.389057
Retrieved Text: A new United States Geological Survey study has found that middle America between Alabama and Montana is experiencing an "unprecedented" and "almost certainly manmade" increase in earthquakes of 3.0 magnitude or greater. In 2011, there were 134 events of that size. That's six times more than were normally seen during the 20th century.
While the changes in the area's seismicity began in 2001, the trend has really accelerated since 2009, the geologists note. That happens to coincide with increased oil and gas production using new extraction techniques in some parts of the area.
The new work is being presented at the Seismology Society of America's conference later this month. An abstract for the presentation is available online.
In some regions, the increase in earthquakes is even greater than six fold. For example, in Oklahoma over the past half-century, there were an average of 1.2 quakes of greater than 3.0 magnitude per year. Since 2009, there have been more than 25 per year.
"A naturally-occurring rate change of this magnitude is unprecedented outside of volcanic settings or in the absence of a main shock, of which there were neither in this region," the scientists write.
The conclusion that at least one environmental group has drawn from this data is that fracking, in one way or another, has caused these earthquakes. The Environmental Working Group notes that more than 400,000 wells were drilled between 2001 and 2010, a 65% increase over the previous ten-year period. They also note that the new extraction techniques require vast amounts of water to be injected into the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 37.231663
Retrieved Text: Delhi needs to prepare for devastating earthquakes as experts say it is prone to severe tremors and the region can be rattled by tectonic shifts in the Himalayas.
NEW DELHI: Delhi needs to prepare for devastating earthquakes as experts say the densely populated metropolis is prone to severe tremors and the region can be rattled by tectonic shifts in the Himalayas, which are vulnerable to jolts stronger than the killer quakes that savaged Bhuj, Latur and Nepal.
While Monday’s tremors caused panic but no casualty in Delhi, the city’s numerous haphazardly constructed buildings, many of them not built to endure an earthquake, can crumble, experts say. While most Himalayan regions are categorised as Zone-5, which has the highest risk of tremors, Delhi is just one rung below.
“A lot of work is to be done for mitigation, otherwise the scenario of Delhi will not be different from Nepal,” said Atindra Kumar Shukla, former deputy director-general at the India Meteorological Department. “The Delhi region will be impacted by earthquakes in the Himalayan region where an 8-magnitude earthquake could occur, and also by its local fault system where 6- to 6.5-magnitude earthquake could occur,” he said.
Quakes have killed 1 lakh people in different parts of the country in the past century and the Himalayas may face a devastating jolt that can also rattle Delhi, according to experts. “The entire Himalayan belt is considered prone to great earthquakes of magnitude exceeding 8.0. Recent scientific research points to the likelihood of occurrence of a very severe earthquake in the Himalayan region, which could

########
Rank: 18
Score: 37.13351
Retrieved Text: HomeNewsEarthquake ActivityOver 50 Earthquakes recorded since April 18: Why Alaska is so seismically active?
This year, on April 18th and April 19th over 50 earthquakes were recorded in Alaska ranging from 0.5 to 4.5 in Magnitudes.
Why is Alaska so prone to Earthquakes?
The earth’s outermost crust is made up of Tectonic plates that are frequently moving. Being that Alaska is over the intersection of two great plates it is subject to more frequent seismic activity and Earthquakes. The two plates nearest to Alaska are the Great Pacific Plate, beneath the Pacific Ocean, and the North American Plate, which covers most of North America.
U.S. Geological Survey researcher, Peter Haeussler compares the earth cracking to a chocolate bar bending and breaking on the surface, seeing as Tectonic Plates do not move and slide neatly, there is a lot of seismically active earth above these Plates that is directly affected.
In the past, Alaskan Earthquakes have caused Tsunami Warnings to be issued for North East Vancouver Island Coast, as well as The Central Coast of British Columbia. Tsunami waves can become extremely large, having multiple waves (the 3rd and 4th being the most dangerous) and affect low lying areas under 20 meters. Sunday’s Earthquake originated 75m below ground and 53m offshore in a region of the Pacific Plate. The Earthquake occurred at 1:30am Sunday and was powerful enough to rattle houses and startle people but it was far enough away from Anchorage, Alaska’s largest city, to damage buildings.
Alaska will see more large earthquakes but U.S.G.S scientists have never predicted one. The agency

########
Rank: 19
Score: 37.12481
Retrieved Text: “If you have a high earthquake score, and then you start seeing more small earthquakes, I’d get worried. You’re accumulating hazard, so to speak,” says Rundle, who presented the team’s results at an earth science conference in Chiba, Japan, on 22 May.
How close is the next big one?
Geological fault systems on the margins of tectonic plates can evolve rapidly, and the researchers worked on the assumption that earthquakes occur over irregular cycles. They also assumed that some patterns are regular, though, with an average number of small earthquakes striking a region between the rarer “big ones”, which are tens of thousands of times more earth-shattering. This allows the researchers to figure out what stage in a cycle a given city has reached based on how many small quakes have hit since the last big one.
Stresses and strain build up over time with each new small earthquake – a small quake being one between magnitudes 3.0 and 6.5. Eventually the rock cannot tolerate the stress, and an earthquake releases energy while fracturing the rock. If a lot of stress has built up, then the quake could be a big one.
Each area has idiosyncrasies, so the San Andreas fault in the San Francisco Bay area could withstand fewer small earthquakes than the intersecting fault system below Tokyo.
Rundle’s team assign scores to areas inside a 100-kilometre radius centred on major population centres, like thermometer readings with the mercury intermittently rising with each new small earthquake. They say Los Angeles is halfway through its cycle for powerful earthquakes of magnitude

########
Rank: 20
Score: 37.100586
Retrieved Text: Shimizu has begun experiments to replicate and analyze the effects of earthquake motion based on observations from the Kumamoto Earthquakes. The results will be used to develop earthquake mitigation technology in the future.
During 2016 Kumamoto Earthquakes that occurred in April 2016, there were two earthquakes in the town of Mashiki, Kumamoto that registered a 7 on the Japanese seismic intensity scale of 0 to 7, and 18 earthquakes with a seismic intensity of around 5 or above, just in April. These earthquakes caused major damage, most of which was centered in Kumamoto Prefecture. Shimizu conducted site surveys from an academic perspective in addition to surveying the degree of damage and mounting a recovery response. We have begun to analyze the correlation between the fault that produced the earthquake and the area of damage, as well as the pattern of damage, which differed from the patterns seen thus far.
Our Advanced Earthquake Engineering Laboratory, which was built in the Institute of Technology in 2015, has two shaking tables. These enable integrated experimentation, measurement, and analysis in research and development on earthquake mitigation. The E-Beetle is a large-scale shaking table that can replicate the shaking that occurred during various earthquakes around the world in the past. It enables us to conduct shaking experiments using life-sized mock-ups of structures and various types of equipment. We intend to use the experiments based on the earthquake motion observed during the Kumamoto earthquakes to replicate the damage and verify the effectiveness of aseismic technology.
Category 4* long-period earthquake motion, the highest category, was observed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.952263
Retrieved Text: Latest cutting-edge designed prefab houses will provide a safer future for earthquake-hit Christchurch people, PrefabNZ chief executive Pamela Bell said today.
PrefabNZ is the hub for pre-built construction in New Zealand and on Saturday mayor Bob Parker will open their Home Innovation Village (HIVE) at Canterbury Agricultural Park in Christchurch. The village will remain open until February 2014.
This will be New Zealand's first prefabricated housing display on council land. The second will be at the Puke Ariki museum and gallery on the New Plymouth foreshore, opening December 1.
Bell said prefab houses were not the cheap, flimsy, temporary homes of last century.
``Modern prefab is about high-quality, permanent materials, sustainable features, architect design and well-engineered homes. I would feel safer in a prefab house,'' she said.
``The new prefab systems and products are strong but flexible and able to move in earthquakes without breaking. It is my understanding that these type of homes had exemplary performance throughout the earthquakes in Christchurch.
Chris Ward of Lockwood Homes in Christchurch, said their houses has been tested to withstand earthquakes up to 7.0 on the Richter scale and they had stood up well in all the big shakes in the city.
Pre-built houses that arrived at a site as a complete building had to withstand extra forces through transport by truck and lifting by crane, Bell said. The prefabs had effectively been over-engineered with extra structure and materials to make them stronger than traditional houses.
``Lightweight houses that have their walls, roof and floor tightly tied together are more likely to move as one-piece and self-right

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.83678
Retrieved Text: Release source code for I Must Play.
The player exists as a person inside a snow globe. They can see snow filling the air. Then it'll calm down and then there will be a major earthquake. Sometimes an alien head will be visible in the sky. The goal is to somehow hurt the giant's fingers so they stop shaking the dome. Or perhaps stop the snowfall or keep the snow perpetually in the air by using a snow machine. Have a TV or book that tells you that seismologists have discovered a link between snow and earthquakes. Talk about how it's extremely stormy out. Try to misdirect the player so they don't realize they're in a snow globe. Using snow blowers reduces earthquakes temporarily.
Have a game that proceeds in segments. You walk around the world for a bit and then something major happens and all the rooms you went through are now somewhat different. Then it happens once or twice more. Then at the end you discover what the world is and why it was changing.
Have a game where, in it you are a person playing a game where, inside that game you need to finish a different game.
You join a comet cult where people gain status by killing themselves in the most outrageous way possible.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 36.758755
Retrieved Text: Me: I can predict the outcome of soccer matches! I've been watching the clouds and when they take a certain form, I claim I can predict when a goal is going to be scored – and I've been right many times before!
You: That sounds impressive.... But wait, can I see one of your predictions?
Me: Sure! I see that the clouds will become thicker later in the week, so I can confidently predict that a goal will be scored somewhere in the Premier League sometime across the weekend.
You: How can I be sure you're right about this?
Me: Look, the last time I predicted this, I was right! In fact, I'm right almost 50 percent of the time. That's incredible, right?
You: I suppose, but what about all the times you were wrong?
Me: Does that matter, I get them right, too, so I must be onto something. So, want to pay me money to make these predictions for you?
How many of you would fall for this? Hopefully not many, but if you look at the internet, you'll find a number of people trying to say they can predict earthquakes and volcanoes across the planet, yet they are doing almost exactly what I said I could do for the Premier League. It is fraudulent, unscientific and wrong.
Listen, I love the interwebs. It provides more information at your fingertips than almost anything in the history of civilization. However, it is also very easy to manipulate people's opinions because there is just so much information out there. You type in the words

########
Rank: 24
Score: 36.713585
Retrieved Text: Record number of “great” earthquakes in April?
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) stated that April 2014 “easily” smashed the record for the most large earthquakes in one month since the Center started recording earthquakes in 1949.
The earthquakes started abruptly on April 1, when a major one, 8.2 magnitude, hit Chile. The PTWC considers earthquakes greater than a 6.5 magnitude as large.
During the month of April there were 13 major earthquakes. Though smaller earthquakes occur almost on an hourly basis on the earth, a normal month only averages between one and two large earthquakes exceeding 6.5. The PTWC noted that in April five of the earthquakes were greater than 7.8, resulting in tsunami alerts.
Having 13 large earthquakes happening in one month (compared to a monthly average of one to two) is a significant seismic event. The Center had no explanation on why there was such a dramatic increase.
Normally earthquakes spawn off each other and are found clustered together in certain areas. However, during April, the large ones were spread around the world. Large earthquakes hit Chile, Solomon Islands, Canada, Mexico, Nicaragua and South Atlantic. Major earthquakes in the South Atlantic region are rare events.
The PTWC was first set up in 1949 to monitor earthquakes and related tsunamis in the Pacific ocean. It expanded its network of sensors after the 2004 earthquake/tsunami hit the Indian Ocean and now records seismic activity over most of the world.
The PTWC created an animation showing the earthquakes happening day by day between January 1, 2014 and April 30, 2014. This includes all

########
Rank: 25
Score: 36.706406
Retrieved Text: I must at the outset admit that I am only a writer, I am no geologist but I have a very deep interest in seismology and earthquakes. I have studied earthquakes and to some extent cyclones with obsessive fascination. I wish to share my observations and hope that geologists and seismologists will be able to work on what I suppose to be a vague theory.
The 60 years geological cycle also needs to be studied with seriousness after the Asian Tsunami of December 2004. 62 years before that a similar destructive tsunami following a mega earthquake had smashed Indonesia and Andaman Nicobar Islands… in 1942. And approximately 60 years before that another great seismic event occurred… the cataclysmic eruption of the Krakatau volcano in Indonesia led to violent tsunamis in the Indian and Pacific Oceans and resulted in short term climate change. Similarly the Chile earthquake of 27th February 2010 – that is - the Bio-Bio earthquake - occurred almost 60 years after the devastating M 9.5 earthquake of May 22nd 1960. So will the Alaskan Mega Earthquake of March 27 1964 with a magnitude of 9.2 repeat its scale of destruction in 2024? It doesn’t hurt to be prepared right?
Similarly the 11th of any month is also a favourite for release of seismic energy. M 7, M 6 earthquakes have occurred on or around the 26th of the month. The following data has been sourced from USGS’s historical earthquake database.
It does not mean earthquakes do not strike on other days. Neither does it mean that smaller

########
Rank: 26
Score: 36.61873
Retrieved Text: The Scientific Advisory Board met on Friday 30th of January 2015 and wrote this overview of the seismic activity in Bardarbunga and the volcanic eruption in Holuhraun. The document can be accessed here, with images and graphs, on pdf format.
A powerful volcanic eruption is still on going in Holuhraun with a flow of lava around 100 m3 per second.
It is probable that the course of events will develop in a similar manner as they have for the last few months, i.e. there will be a slow decrease in the volcanic activity.
Information on the development of the activity refers on the one hand to the subsidence of the Bardarbunga caldera and on the other hand on the intensity of the volcanic eruption in Holuhraun.
Bardarbunga: Data on the rate of the subsidence at the centre of the caldera, the volume of the subsidence, data on the tectonic movements around Bardarbunga (GPS, InSAR) and seismic activity.
The volcanic eruption in Holuhraun: Data on the size and volume of the lava field, and valuation of gas and heat stream.
A forecast based on extrapolating the current developments of the Bardarbunga subsidence shows that if the caldera keeps subsiding along a similar trajectory then the subsidence wil go on for another 5 to 16 months.
With the same method the volcanic eruption in Holuhraun could evolve with similar pace and the eruption might last another 4 to 15 months. Information on the volume of the lava field in Holuhraun is not as accurate as the information on the subsidence of Bardarbunga.
An eruption in Bardarbunga

########
Rank: 27
Score: 36.592537
Retrieved Text: There’s something amazing about earthquakes. And I’m not talking about the (cuh-razy) fact that Mother just decides to shift a bit and the whole earth rumbles and relocates to a different position. Because that is amazing in and of itself.
The amazing something to me about earthquakes is how you have to ride with them. When the ground starts to move and shake beneath your feet, there’s nothing you can really do but ride it out and hope for the best. Obviously when the really big one comes for us, it will shake my perspective to a completely different level. But of all the earthquakes I’ve experienced in my 20 some years living in Southern California, I know the importance of the ride.
And I can’t help but convert this into my life as a lesson. There is so much you cannot control. There is so much that keeps moving and shifting beneath your feet that you cannot stop. And you can choose to either freeze, scared and worried about what after shocks might shake you again, or you can ride with it, cautious through the change but confident, and ready to stand up on solid ground once more. It’s like falling off a horse or a bike and never wanting to get on again, but you’ve got to get back on. You’ve got to continue to ride. Because when you ride it out, stick with it with a calm assertive behavior, that’s when you grow.
And by ‘it’ I mean, anything that shakes you.
So shake on, World. I’m

########
Rank: 28
Score: 36.443764
Retrieved Text: Buried among my last report on anti-fracking protests in Romania I’d reported on another village, Izvoarele, near Galati Romania, where fracking had already occurred in secret. According to a report on the anti-fracking protesters website, Frack Off Romania , the only reason the fracking was discovered was because of a series of shallow depth earthquakes in the Izvoarele area. It’s claimed that the fracking was done in secret, and there are a stack of official denials that fracking had happened there. It was supposedly the earthquakes that tipped people off to fracking, however several hours of searching, reading dozens of Romanian news reports, and I wasn’t able to find a rock-solid news report absolutely tying Fracking to these earthquakes.
The Romanian word for Earthquake is “Cutremur”, by the way.
The following is a long list of references to news reports and at the bottom is screen captures from a Romanian Government website showing the list of earthquakes. One thing to draw from this is that opinions are all over the map as to the cause of the earthquakes.
All the government officials say the earthquakes are due to heavy rains that lubricated underground faults somehow. However, the former director of the INFP, a Government agency in charge of earthquake monitoring, said the earthquakes were due to oil company activities and Fracking. Several others joined him in this opinion.
A report on the Financiarul website (link below) has some data that correlates the idea that oil company activities could be the cause, even if it’s not technically hydraulic fracturing. First, the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.422966
Retrieved Text: Is There Any Linkage Between Recent Natural Disasters?
When a wave of natural disasters strikes around the world, it's only natural for people to wonder if there is some sort of link between the huge forces of nature. Was Hurricane Floyd, which roared out of the Atlantic last week, in any way related to the typhoon which battered Hong Kong the same week - the worst typhoon to hit that city in 16 years? And could the deadly earthquake in Turkey have pulled the seismic trigger which led to the quake in Taiwan? Some answers to those questions and others can be found at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory, operated by Columbia University, where specialists track what happens beneath the earth's surface and above it. "We know of connections between earthquakes when they are close to each other, namely within tens of miles, said Kurt Jacob, a seismologist at the observatory. "But when they are essentially a whole world apart, then that connection cannot be established on any scientific basis."
Jacob pointed out there was an unusual cluster of earthquakes at the turn of the last century and again in the early 1960s. The 60s quakes rattled Alaska and Chile, which suffered the largest quake ever recorded at magnitude 9.5. That temblor sent a tidal wave across the Pacific to Japan. No El Nino = more hurricanes. And what of 1999? "From a purely seismological earthquake standpoint (it was) a normal year. Magnitude 7 earthquakes, we can expect easily about a dozen of them a year," said Jacob. "So

================



======= Instance Index 18 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The saliva breaks down the chemicals in the food a bit, which helps make the food mushy and easy to swallow
- Your tongue helps out, pushing the food around while you chew with your teeth
- The esophagus moves food from the back of your throat to your stomach
- Strong muscles in the walls of the stomach and gastric juices break down food in your stomach
- Your stomach moves the food into the intestines to complete digestion
- 

Question:
suppose the blood is able to filter through the kidneys happens, how will it affect MORE digestion occuring.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 44.82423
Retrieved Text: High blood pressure is, in fact, one of the leading causes of kidney failure. Therefore, hypertension or elevated blood pressure can be considered a red flag for kidney disease.
In understanding how high blood pressure relates to kidney disease, it’s important to know how your kidneys and your blood vessels work together in your body.
In a nutshell, these two organs need each other to make sure that our bodies stay in good shape. The kidneys are responsible for eliminating wastes and unwanted fluids out of the body. On the other hand, our blood vessels are mainly responsible for transporting and distributing blood throughout the body.
Together, these two work hand in hand so that our kidneys continue to do their job well. Since our kidneys also filter extra fluids from blood, they will need blood vessels to make it happen.
If the blood pressure becomes elevated and uncontrolled, it will cause the arteries near the kidneys to narrow or harden–weakening them and leading to damage.
If this happens, your nephrons will not be able to receive the right amount of oxygen and nutrients needed to filter your blood. In turn, damaged kidneys also affect the blood vessels. If the nephrons fail to function properly, it affects the blood that passes by your kidneys.
Not only that, our kidneys produce aldosterone–a hormone that helps regulate the body’s blood pressure. Therefore, if the kidneys are damaged, the body loses its ability to control one’s blood pressure. And as it affects more arteries, the kidneys will eventually stop functioning.
Kidney disease doesn’t always have early

########
Rank: 1
Score: 42.125263
Retrieved Text: Innovations in organic farming have brought in new methods and ways to provide healthy energy and digestion options. Thankfully, more Canadians are becoming aware of the value of quality digestion. It can be linked to many parts of the body. But, how? The below is an overview of healthy digestion support in the body, and what organic produce and root tea from Kiss Me Organics can help.
Toxins will accumulate throughout the body. This can take effect a number of ways. The most obvious is the accumulation of waste in the intestines. Few Canadians take seriously their own lack of quality digestion, and build-up will make them sicker. The accumulation of this waste, in even the slightest ways, will promote toxin development and production. The toxins have a direct impact on the liver and kidneys. The liver is the blood factory of the body, and the source of quality blood circulation to and from the heart. Kidneys absorb and allocate nutrients from the blood.
The kidneys are directly correlated to healthy digestion and the removal of toxins. The kidneys can easily by overburdened by toxin growth, which brings everything full circle. Toxins from the intestines accumulate in the kidneys and liver. Both of these organs are greatly strained by this excess toxin production.
The kidneys mostly absorb nutrients, but what happens why they are “busy” fighting off toxins? The kidneys consequently absorb less nutrients, which makes even the best vitamins and organic products less effective. It becomes a chain link, where the lack of nutrients decreases cognitive potential. It

########
Rank: 2
Score: 41.080303
Retrieved Text: Diabetes is a serious disease that can affect your eyes, heart, nerves, feet and kidneys. Understanding how diabetes affects your body is important. It can help you follow your treatment plan and stay as healthy as possible.
How do health problems from diabetes begin?
If your diabetes is not well controlled, the sugar level in your blood goes up. This is called “hyperglycemia” (high blood sugar). High blood sugar can cause damage to very small blood vessels in your body. Imagine what happens to sugar when it is left unwrapped overnight. It gets sticky. Now imagine how sugar “sticks” to your small blood vessels and makes it hard for blood to get to your organs. Damage to blood vessels occurs most often in the eyes, heart, nerves, feet, and kidneys. Let’s look at how this damage happens.
Eyes. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for a long time can harm the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. This can result in vision problems or blindness.
Heart. High blood sugar may also harm larger blood vessels in your body that supply oxygen to your heart and brain. Fat can build up in the blood vessels as well. This can lead to a heart attack or stroke.
Nerves. Nerves carry important messages between your brain and other parts of your body. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for many years can damage the blood vessels that bring oxygen to some nerves. Damaged nerves may stop sending pain signals.
Feet. Diabetes can harm your feet in two ways. First, it can

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.05428
Retrieved Text: Our goal with the University of Louisville Kidney Disease Program is to prevent and treat renal disease, and to improve the quality of life for those living with these conditions.
The Kidney Disease Program is a leader in educating medical students, nurses, new physicians and patients about renal disease.
We provide all renal replacement therapies including hemodialysis (both In-Center and Home hemodialysis), peritoneal dialysis, and renal transplantation.
Here are some answers to common questions about the kidneys and kidney disease.
Kidneys have many jobs including clearing your body of toxins and extra fluid, regulating your levels of sodium, potassium, and acid, and also producing certain hormones.
Erythropoietin is a hormone that makes red blood cells, activated vitamin D leads to bone growth as well as other roles. Kidneys also make renin which is involved in high blood pressure.
Sometimes you may not feel any different and the only way to know is because your doctor checked your kidney function. Other times you may be tired, sick to your stomach especially in the morning, itchy.
Who should get screened for kidney disease?
If you have high blood pressure (hypertension), high blood sugar (diabetes), heart disease or peripheral artery disease you should be screened.
If you have a family history of kidney disease.
If you notice blood in your urine or foamy urine.
How is kidney disease defined?
Kidney disease may mean that you have abnormal kidneys by ultrasound. It may mean that you have an abnormal urine analysis or it may mean you have a blood test that is abnormal.
The blood test that is usually measured is blood urea

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.280815
Retrieved Text: Kidney diseases are a group of disorders that affect the kidneys. Each person is born with two kidneys that are responsible for filter waste from the body. They also produce specific hormones for the regulation of body systems and they regulate the chemical levels in the blood.
When a person suffers from kidney disease the symptoms they suffer are related to the specific functions that are impacted by the disease. For instance, in the majority of cases when the ability of the kidney to filter waste products has been decreased, the symptoms are related to the excess waste floating in the blood stream. The symptoms can also be related to hormonal balance or the balance of sodium and potassium – also regulated by the kidneys.
Fortunately the body has excess amount of kidney tissue needed to help care for the body. This means that we can live comfortably with only one kidney.
It also means that the symptoms of kidney disease may not show up until late in the disease process because the body is able to continue to function appropriately with less than both kidneys at optimal function.
There are at least six warning signs that the kidneys are in distress and may indicate kidney disease. These include a burning or difficulty during urination, blood in the urine, high blood pressure, puffiness around the eyes, feet and hands, pain in the small of the back and an increased amount of urination.
Many of these symptoms are also symptoms of other problems so it is necessary that a diagnosis of your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.031487
Retrieved Text: After the blood has circulated through the body, it passes into the kidneys. The kidneys filter waste products and excess salt and water out of the blood, and pass these out of the body as urine. The kidneys also make hormones that control blood pressure, as well as maintain bone metabolism and the production of red blood cells. It's a serious problem when the kidneys stop working. Waste products that build up in the body cause imbalances in chemicals needed to keep the body functioning smoothly.
There are many different types of kidney diseases. Kidney diseases can lead to end-stage renal disease (ESRD), a condition in which the kidneys fail to work normally. People with kidney failure need to receive dialysis or a kidney transplant.
The most common causes of kidney disease include diabetes, high blood pressure, and hardening of the arteries (which damages the blood vessels in the kidney). Some kidney diseases are caused by an inflammation of the kidneys, called nephritis. This may be due to an infection or to an autoimmune reaction where the body's immune or defence system attacks and damages the kidneys. Some kidney diseases, such as polycystic kidney disease are caused by problems with the shape or size of the kidneys (anatomic disorders), while other kidney diseases interfere with the inner workings of the kidneys (metabolic disorders). Most metabolic kidney disorders are rare, since they need to be inherited from both parents.
Other common causes of kidney failure include certain medications that can be toxic to kidney tissue, and blockages of the system

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.837997
Retrieved Text: Watch short videos and learn about the secretion systems of the human body. Professional instructors break down this topic into easy-to-follow videos that make learning about secretion systems simple and fun.
Anatomy and Physiology of the Stomach and Autonomic Nervous System Controls Walk through the various parts of the stomach, and learn how digestion works.
Kidneys: Structure & Function Examine the components of the kidneys and the jobs they perform in your body.
Renin Angiotensin Aldosterone System (RAAS): Pathway, Functions & Terms Determine why this system is so complex and how it is used to control blood pressure.
Adipose Tissue: Function, Location & Definition Identify the functions of adipose tissue in the body.
In this lesson, you will learn how the unique anatomy of the stomach - including rugae, gastric pits and gastric glands - makes it a perfect organ for digestion. You will also learn how the autonomic nervous system controls digestion.
Your kidneys don't get a lot of attention, but they are important to your health. Learn about your kidneys and the jobs they do, like filtering wastes out of your blood, balancing fluids, adjusting your blood pressure and helping to make blood cells.
Fat is the subject of daily discussion in this country. We understand it can carry tremendous health risks and could destroy our bodies, but surprisingly, it is essential for our daily function. In this lesson, we'll explore the answers behind the body tissue adipose - the connective tissue that contains fat - and see how it protects, warms, and fuels our daily lives.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.690365
Retrieved Text: What does it mean if I have protein in my urine?
During pregnancy, your kidneys may be working more, which is one of the reasons for having small amounts of protein in your urine. This is quite common in pregnancy. However, there could be other reasons as well!
Your body is fighting a minor infection such as urinary tract infection (UTI). If you're found to have a UTI, your doctor will prescribe an antibiotic that is safe to take in pregnancy.
If it happens in the second half of your pregnancy, it may be a sign of pre-eclampsia, a potentially serious condition. Pre-eclampsia can increase your blood pressure and affect how well your kidneys filter your blood. If the kidneys are not functioning well, proteins that should stay in your blood leak into your urine, causing proteinuria.
The proteinuria levels in your test report will be marked as a trace level, if it is low. Anything higher will be marked as one or more pluses. If you're not sure what the report means, ask your doctor to explain it to you.
If your proteinuria levels are a matter of concern, chances are that your gynaecologist will bring forward your next prenatal appointment. She'll check again to see if there's still protein present, and whether the level has increased or decreased.
If your urine sample contains high levels of protein, and your blood pressure is raised, it might mean that you're developing pre-eclampsia. Then, your doctor may ask you to take a blood test to check your blood count, clotting, kidney and liver

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.301964
Retrieved Text: 1. Too much alcohol consumption.
The toxins found is alcohol damage not only our liver but also kidneys. Drinking alcohol without limitation may cause the deposition of uric acid in renal tubules, causing tubular obstruction and increasing risks of kidney failure.
2. Too much meat and protein.
The by product of protein digestion is ammonia – a toxin kidneys need to neutralize. More protein means more effort for the kidneys, which can, over time, lead to decreased function. Eating too much meat and protein can increase the metabolic load of the kidney. For those suffering from proteinuria, meat consumption too may aggravate protein leakage, worsening renal pathological lesion.
3. Consuming too much caffeine.
We consume more caffeine than we think we do. Many drinks and sodas contain caffeine so, before we know it, the blood pressure goes up. Also caffeine has an diuretic action which lead to dehydration and it puts a pressure on the kidneys.
Not sleeping enough leads to blood pressure increasing. Chronically elevated blood pressure can cause damage to kidney capillaries giving rise to kidney problems.
5. Consuming too much salt.
95% sodium we consume through food is metabolized by the kidneys. Exceeding the salt intake will make the kidneys work harder to excrete the excess salt and can lead to decreased kidney function. This excess sodiu will cause water retention, causing edema. Edema usually elevates blood pressure and increases the risk of developing kidney disease.
Our kidneys need to get properly hydrated to perform their functions. If we don’t drink enough, the toxins can start accumulating in the blood, as there

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.86654
Retrieved Text: Our bodies have a variety of essential organs and need to be well preserved. In addition to the heart and liver, the kidneys also have an essential function for the body. The kidneys function to filter the blood that flows from the entire body. In the screening process, the kidneys will separate the toxins, regulate the electrolyte balance and control the fluid balance in the body.
However, if you experience some of the signs below, there could be a problem with the kidneys. Here are some signs you should know.
When your kidneys are not functioning correctly, toxins in the body cannot excrete through the urine and will remain in the blood. It will make you difficult to sleep because the level of toxins in the body will increase. People with chronic kidney disease can suffer from sleep apnea or severe sleep disorders where breathing often stops during sleep.
Healthy and functioning kidneys can alter vitamin D in the body to maintain healthy bones and produce the hormone Erythropoietin (EPO). This hormone acts to produce red blood cells. When the kidneys do not work correctly, then the hormone EPO will be less resulting in fatigue in the muscles and brain. People with chronic kidney disease also have anemia.
What one of the kidney signs is not working is itchy and dry skin. It is because the balance of minerals and nutrients is not well preserved. If the skin feels itchy and dry, drink plenty of water before consulting a doctor.
Another symptom that indicates there is a problem with the kidneys

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.660023
Retrieved Text: Renal atrophy means that your kidney is relatively smaller or obviously shrinks. Long-term kidney disease will do harm to the kidney units. As the kidneys atrophies, the renal function declines as well. When kidneys become smaller, the condition has already or inevitable developed into renal failure or uremia. Stage 4 kidney failure means the severe reduction in kidney function. Now follow us to see how we treat renal atrophy for stage 4 kidney failure patients.
For patients with renal atrophy, their kidneys will become less able to filter out toxins from blood. When the blood with toxins flows through kidneys, it will certainly do more damage to her kidneys. Therefore, the first step is to purify the blood to make sure that the circulating blood is healthy.
To reduce strain on kidneys, we need to use other channels to eliminate toxins from blood. In our body, 70% of toxins are excreted by kidneys, 20% by intestine and 10% by skin.
Besides kidneys, intestine and skin are also two important ways to clear away toxins from body. Medicated Bath can open pores on skin and clear away a part of waste products from body by sweating. Meanwhile, the medicines in the bath also can provide essential nutrients and microelements to body. Enema therapy is a way to remove toxins from body through intestine. By reducing strain on kidneys, it can slow down renal function deterioration.
After the circulating blood is healthy, it can create favorable internal environment for repairing those impaired glomeruli. Chinese medicines can stimulate the self-healing of the glomeruli

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.400436
Retrieved Text: Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) is a condition that affects the blood and blood vessels. It results in the destruction of blood platelets (cells involved in clotting), a low red blood cell count (anemia) and kidney failure due to damage to the very small blood vessels of the kidneys. Other organs, such as the brain or heart, may also be affected by damage to very small blood vessels.
Are there different types of HUS?
Yes. HUS is considered a syndrome because it is a combination of findings that may have different causes. In most cases, HUS occurs after a severe bowel infection with certain toxic strains of the bacteria called E. coli. It may also occur in response to certain medicines, but this is rare. Even more rarely, HUS occurs for unknown reasons. This fact sheet primarily focuses on the type of HUS that occurs in infants and children as a result of an E. coli infection.
HUS generally occurs in children who have had an illness involving diarrhea (usually bloody). Most children fully recover from their bowel illness without developing HUS. However, a small percentage will become pale and have less energy, due to the progression to HUS. Their urine output may also decrease, but a loss of color in the skin is the most striking symptom.
HUS from E. coli infections results when bacterial toxins cross from the intestines into the bloodstream and damage the very small blood vessels. The toxic E. coli may come from eating spoiled, undercooked or poorly processed food products, or from exposure to contaminated

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.079834
Retrieved Text: bones 5. I am a tube in your throat. esophagus 1. I also store energy and other nutrients for your body.com . I act like a mixer. heart 4.Human Body. I dry out your body waste so it can leave your body. I have pores so sweat can escape your body. stomach. kidneys 8. We take out carbon dioxide from your body. liver. 2. small intestine 10. small intestine. We filter the waste out of your blood. skin. churning food into smaller pieces. lungs 6. muscles.studychamps. muscles 9. you will not be able to move at all. stomach 3. We give your body structure and protect your internal organs. I absorb the nutrients that your body needs from food and supply that in your blood. We are located in your chest and provide oxygen to your body. brain. large intestine. liver 7. I store the food you've eaten. esophagus Study Champs Worksheets www. I am found in your head and am brain protected by the skull. We exist in pairs and are in the shape of a bean. kidneys. Without us. heart. large intestine 11. lungs. We are found throughout your body from head to toes. The food or drink travels through me into your stomach.ANSWER KEY Identify the correct part of the human body according to its function given below. bones. I am located a little to the left of the middle of your chest and sends blood around your body. skin 12. I produce bile that helps in digestion. We pump food and blood

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.889713
Retrieved Text: There is no cure for kidney disease at this time.
Unsung heroes, our kidneys are largely ignored until there’s a problem. Here’s a quiz.
2. Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is reversible with current medical technology.
3. Early stage kidney disease often has no symptoms. It is a silent disease that often goes undetected until it has advanced.
How well do you think you did?
As it relates to question number one, some people think that “detoxing” regimens are a necessary way to rid our bodies of wastes. But our kidneys (and liver) do the detoxing for us. We don’t have to spend money on “detoxing agents.” It’s simpler (and better) to have your blood and urine tested to make sure your kidneys are “detoxing” properly.
Ask your doctor about Albumin Creatinine Ratio (ACR), which estimates the amount of a type of protein, albumin, in your urine. This protein should be in the blood not in the urine.
You could use an over-the-counter “dipstick” to test your own urine or use the dipstick between doctor’s visits if you’re concerned. Of course, you should always ask your doctor to perform and read a diagnostically suitable urine test.
The Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR) tells how well your kidneys are working to remove wastes from your blood. A reading of over 90 is good; 60-89 should be monitored; less than 60 for three months indicates kidney disease.
As it relates to diabetes and high blood pressure (hypertension), Dr. Vidyasagar says, “Preventing the onset of these diseases is often tied to lifestyle, and we are basically back to the fundamentals

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.84771
Retrieved Text: Drinking water is a healthy habit that can help you in many ways. But, there are many myths associated with it that need to be busted. So, here we thought of sharing some common myths about drinking water that we have falsely believed on for so long.
Well, there is no such scientific claim which proves that drinking water between the meals can affect your health. Though it’s true that drinking water in between the meals can reduce your appetite because at that time your stomach feels fuller.
But, if you think that consuming water between meals can badly affect your digestion, then it’s time to forego this thought.
Well, this is one of those myths that should be cleared at once. According to doctors and scientists, drinking an excess amount of water can harm your body and can also reduce the concentration of salt in the body.
This condition is also termed as water intoxication which is related to the excess dilution of sodium in the blood. This happens when the kidneys overwork and are not able to eliminate the excess water from your body.
Another popular myth which is passed on through the generations. But, according to the scientists, it was proved that there is no indirect or direct connection between weight loss and drinking water. It is even suggested by the doctors that one should drink water only when they feel thirsty.
It is a proven fact that drinking excess water does not help in clearing the toxins from the body. In fact, toxins of the body are cleared

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.73254
Retrieved Text: If a person has high blood pressure that isn’t diagnosed or treated, they can experience long-term complications with the heart, kidneys, eyes, and even the brain.
One of the dangers of untreated hypertension is atherosclerosis, which is the hardening of the arteries due to plaque build-up. This can eventually lead to a heart attack. This occurs gradually as people age, even if they don’t have high blood pressure, but having high blood pressure tends to speed up the process.
Atherosclerosis can lead to other complications, such as coronary artery disease, which can weaken the heart muscle. When arteries become hardened or narrowed, the heart muscle can’t get the blood and oxygen it needs. It also makes the heart work harder to pump blood through the arteries to supply the rest of the body with blood. When the heart can’t pump enough blood to meet the body’s needs, it’s called congestive heart failure.
Untreated hypertension can also affect the kidneys. Your kidneys are continually working to filter your blood and control the volume of fluids in your body. High blood pressure can damage the kidney by decreasing its ability to filter out substances from the blood, or to control fluid volume in the body.
Hypertension can also affect the brain by increasing the chance of having a stroke. Strokes happen when blood flow to the brain stops. A stroke can cause varying degrees of paralysis, speech problems, vision loss, and if it’s severe enough, even death.
Over time, high blood pressure can lead to problems with vision. As the arteries in the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.485153
Retrieved Text: A wide range of toxins and chemicals end up in our blood stream during the day. However, your body has its own detoxification system, these 15 foods will aid your liver, kidneys, intestines, lungs, and skin to eliminate more toxins and avoid build-ups.
Raw garlic is loaded with sulfur, an essential mineral that helps the body to get rid of toxins. It stimulates your liver to produce detoxification enzymes to filter toxins out of your blood stream. And on top of that, garlic keeps your intestine free of bad bacteria, parasites, and viruses.
Loaded with antioxidants and other phytonutrients to eliminate toxins out of your digestive tract and eliminate free radicals. Fresh dandelion leaves or dandelion root tea stimulates the liver and pancreas to pull toxins out of your bloodstream. Dandelion has been used for ages to cure liver issues.
Packed with vitamins, minerals, fibers, and detoxing phytonutrients. A compound found in apples stimulates bile production and helps the liver to get rid of toxins. Apples are high in soluble pectin fibers. Those fibers bind cholesterol and heavy metals to cleanse blood and intestines.
Packed with antioxidants and other beneficial nutrients, beets are an excellent way to protect your body from free radicals and stimulate the liver to eliminate more toxins out of your blood stream.
Parsley works as a diuretic which helps your kidneys do their job and eliminate more toxins through your urine.
Carrots are rich in vitamins (A, B6, C, and K), potassium, and glutathione, a liver cleansing protein. For a better detox effect eat them raw, as cooking

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.228443
Retrieved Text: “Hemo” means blood. When kidneys fail, the body is no longer able to filter waste from that blood (End Stage Renal Disease). Hemodialysis picks up where your kidneys left off by using a machine to clean your blood instead. This machine, called a dialyzer, takes small amount of blood at a time and cleans it while monitoring important vitals like blood pressure.
‘Hemo’ means blood, so hemodialysis means blood dialysis.
Hemodialysis is done using a special filter called a dialyzer which functions as an artificial kidney. Your blood travels though plastic tubing the dialyzer, it cleans the blood, and then the machine returns it back to you.
The dialyzer uses two main principles to filter the blood.
The dialyzer filter has two main sections: one for your blood, and one for a washing fluid called dialysate. A thin membrane separates these two parts of the dialyzer. Important things like blood cells and protein remain in your blood because they are too big to pass through the membrane. But smaller waste products in the blood, such as urea, creatinine, potassium, and extra fluid get filtered through it.
The end result? Filtered blood that comes out the opposite end of the dialyzer is free of waste, has the correct concentration of electrolytes, and excess H2O is removed.
We can set the dialysis machine to remove the water weight you've gained. Water retention is a common issue with dialysis patients, so hemodialysis can come to the rescue!
How is the blood taken from the body for hemodialysis?
In order to get the blood we need to “access”

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.097397
Retrieved Text: A condition in which the kidneys stop working and are not able to remove waste and extra water from the blood or keep body chemicals in balance. Acute or severe kidney failure happens suddenly (for example, after an injury) and may be treated and cured. Chronic kidney failure develops over many years, may be caused by conditions like high blood pressure or diabetes, and cannot be cured. Chronic kidney failure may lead to total and long-lasting kidney failure, called end-stage renal disease (ESRD). A person in ESRD needs dialysis (the process of cleaning the blood by passing it through a membrane or filter) or a kidney transplant. Also called renal failure.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 35.838737
Retrieved Text: Home > News and Events > Therapeutic Kneads Blog > Releasing Toxins through Massage: How Does it Work?
Toxins, as they relate to the human body, are harmful substances that are present through environmental exposure, consumption, or as a byproduct of normal bodily functions. In all cases, these toxins must be processed and expelled by your organs to prevent toxicity. If they are not, than they can wreak havoc on your health. At best, a build-up of toxins can leave you feeling lethargic and sore. At worst, they can lead to chronic illness and disease that do lasting damage to your health.
There are many reasons that our bodies struggle to process harmful toxins. Firstly, many are chemical or mineral substances that our bodies are not designed to process like BPAs, mercury, artificial food additives, and hormones, to name a few. Second, if your organs are not functioning properly or you have some other underlying health condition you will need help removing both foreign and naturally occuring toxins from your system.
Manual massage therapy has long been lauded as an effective treatment for releasing toxins and the reason can be found by looking at the organ with which you are most familiar: your skin. Skin is the largest organ in the body and the one that we see everyday but may take for granted. Often underappreciated for its complexity, your skin plays a vital role in your circulation and immune health.
For millennia, healers and therapists have been using massage to treat illness, increase circulation and promote good health. To

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.764668
Retrieved Text: When a person’s kidneys fail, the kidneys are not able to filter out blood from the waste materials. Due to this the electrolyte levels such as phosphorous and potassium become very high. This is very dangerous for the human body. Therefore, when the kidneys stop working properly after a certain threshold level a dialysis is required. A dialysis is a procedure which substitutes the functions of a failed kidney. It helps in filtering out the blood without the proper functioning kidneys as well. There are many vascular access surgeon in Delhi who help in the dialysis of the kidneys.
There are two types of kidney dialysis- peritoneal dialysis and hemodialysis. In peritoneal dialysis, a fluid called dialysate is placed inside the abdominal cavity of the patient which helps in filtering out blood from the waste materials. While in hemodialysis, a machine and a filter are used to filter out blood. It is only because of vascular access that the life-saving hemodialysis is possible. The access is actually a surgically created vein which is used to remove and then return blood during the hemodialysis. The blood first goes through a needle and then travels through a tube directly into the dialyzer. In the dialyzer the blood gets filtered by thin fibres and the wastes are then removed. The filtered blood is then returned into the body of the patient using a different tube. A vascular access helps in filtering large quantity of blood at a time during the process of hemodialysis.
One should get their hemodialysis done only by

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.72773
Retrieved Text: Hemodialysis can help the failed kidneys remove extra water and waste products from your blood by running it through a filter. It can partially replace the functions of the kidneys. However, what can eat and what cannot eat may be a confusion for dialysis patients. Here we will have a discussion: what vegetables you can eat while on hemodialysis?
Typically, the kidneys filter out and excrete excess potassium from the blood. For people with end-stage renal disease, the dialysis machine filters out excess potassium. The amount of potassium you consume in your diet directly affect the amount of potassium in your blood. People on dialysis are asked to follow a strict diet and consume no more than 2 to 4 grams of potassium per day. The amount of potassium you should consume each day depends on the type of dialysis you receive as well as your lab values. A normal serum potassium level is 3.5 to 5.0 mEq/L.
Most vegetables are high in potassium level like spinach, tomato, spinach, lentils, mushrooms, artichokes which are not suggested to dialysis patients. However, some vegetables in low potassium level are good choices for dialysis patients. Here we will recommend the following vegetables for your reference.
Raw cabbage, green beans, carrots, endive, Alfalfa sprouts, asparagus, green or wax beans, cabbage, cauliflower, celery, corn, cucumber and so on.
The mentioned above are available vegetables which are low in potassium. If there is anything that you do not understand, you can talk with our Online Doctors or leave a message below directly.
In addition that, there are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.645126
Retrieved Text: I have high blood pressure and diabetes. I was surprised to learn that they increase my risk of kidney disease. How do they do that?
Many people know that high blood pressure and diabetes increase the risk of getting heart disease. But less well known is the fact that they are also powerful risk factors for kidney disease.
The kidneys filter toxins and wastes from the bloodstream, flushing them out of the body in urine. At the same time, they hold on to important proteins and other useful substances. This process helps control levels of fluid, salt and acid in the body. The kidneys also play an important role in regulating blood pressure.
Prolonged exposure to high blood sugar, as occurs in diabetes, causes capillary membranes to thicken. This damages and distorts the delicate filtering mechanisms of the glomeruli. High blood pressure scars and weakens the kidney’s blood vessels. The bottom line: Both conditions damage the capillaries, and thereby interfere with the kidney’s ability to filter blood. In fact, diabetes is the leading cause of kidney failure. High blood pressure is not far behind.
Blood flows into your kidneys through the renal arteries, which branch into successively smaller blood vessels, finally ending in small clusters of capillaries known as glomeruli. Each cluster, or glomerulus, is part of a nephron—a tube-like structure that filters and purifies the blood. Each kidney has more than a million nephrons.
Controlling your blood pressure and blood sugar protects your heart, your brain, your eyes, your nerves — and your kidneys. Fortunately, some of the most widely

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.579983
Retrieved Text: How Well Do You Know Your Kidneys?
You know many of your organs well. You can see your eyes staring back at you in the mirror, feel your heart beating when you experience panic and touch the largest organ in your body – your skin – any time you like, but how well do you know your kidneys?
You’re probably aware that you have two kidneys, each about the size of your fist and, not surprisingly, shaped like a kidney bean.
The kidneys are located much higher in the body than you might realize. Your kidneys are located just below your ribcage, one on each side of your spine. You can locate your kidneys by “standing like a superhero,” with your hands on your waist and thumb towards the back. Slide your hands upwards until the top of your thumb and forefinger touch your ribcage – your thumbs are now pointing to your kidneys.
The main job of the kidneys is to keep the composition of your blood stable so that the rest of your body functions well.
Your kidneys filter about 120 to 150 quarts of blood each day to produce 1 to 2 quarts of urine, which is composed mainly of waste products and excess fluid. Urine moves through long tubes, known as ureters, to your bladder for storage until you urinate.
The kidney is more than just one simple filter – each kidney is actually made of about a million little filtering units known as nephrons. Every nephron features a filter, known as a glomerulus, and a tubule.
Each nephron

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.57769
Retrieved Text: Compare the structure and function of organs in the digestive system.
Activity: Constructing a Digestive System Model - Follow the instructions to create a model of the system. Also includes other worksheet activities to help understand the organs and functions of the digestive system.
Body Basics Article: Digestive System - All you need to know about the digestive system, including an Interactive Diagram that provides information over the various structures as you roll your mouse over each one.
Crossword Puzzle: Digestive System - Print off the puzzle for students to complete the crossword puzzle.
Digestion - Function and structures of the digestive system.
Digestive System - Learn about the anatomy, functions and more. Includes a self checking quiz as well.
Digestive System Activities - Numerous interactive activities, quizzes, demonstrations, etc.
Digestive System Lessons and Activities - A variety of handouts, activities, presentations, lessons and more.
Food and the Digestive System - Lesson plan with a purpose "to learn about the digestive system. To begin to explore where nutrients come from, as well as their importance for particular tasks in the body."
Functions of the Digestive System - Digestive system chapter that includes vocabulary, activities and questions to check that the objectives were learned.
Introduction to Digestion and Nutrition - Module with a variety of lessons on the structure and function of the digestive system as well as other topics related to digestion.
Learn the Structures - Free printable diagram for students to label and color the various structures of the digestive system.
Lesson Plan: Digestive System - "The purpose of this lesson will be to help students understand

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.419575
Retrieved Text: Many know that kidneys are very important for us to survive. While many can identify filtering blood as a function of these bean shaped organs, many of us are oblivious of other more vital functions it has. Your kidneys are responsible for filtering your blood and excrete toxins and waste through the creation of urine without letting too much fluid escape the body.
Once you decrease your water intake, your kidney will hold in more water, thus, you urinate less frequent. Your kidneys can also regulate your blood pressure. It releases a angiotensin that constricts your blood vessels.
It can also increase the production of your red blood cells which are responsible for carrying oxygen through out your body. Kidneys also balance the body’s pH.
We can agree that kidney’s are vital for living, however, there are 10 common habits that people usually do that damages the kidneys. Kidneys can function well until only 20% are left of it. Usually, a problem will only be detected when it had already been too much damaged. What seemed to be simple indulgence could cause your dear life.
Many neglect the thirst. Some think it is quite annoying carry a bottle of water anywhere while others are just plain lazy to get up and get a glass of water. The water is needed to dilute your blood and easily filter away toxins easily and faster.
Too much pressure can damage your kidneys. Caffeine in coffee is a potent substance that can increase your blood pressure. The increased pressure to your kidneys can easily damage

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.38895
Retrieved Text: What Are Uremia and Uremic Syndrome?
Your kidneys filter waste and extra fluid from your blood, and your body gets rid of them through urine. If your kidneys don’t work well, those things can stay in your blood. That condition is called uremia, or uremic syndrome.
It can happen because of a long-running health problem, like diabetes or high blood pressure, or because a severe injury or an infection damages your kidneys.
Blood tests. These measure certain things in your blood, including a chemical called creatinine and a waste product called urea. Based on how much creatinine is there, your doctor can use a formula to figure out your estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). This will show how much blood your kidneys can clean every minute. The lower the number, the more damaged your kidneys are.
Urinalysis. Your doctor will take a sample of your pee to look for things like blood cells or proteins that shouldn’t be there if your kidneys are working well.
This depends on the reason for the problem with your kidneys. If it’s caused by a condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, treating that may keep them from getting worse.
If your kidneys are damaged to the point that they’re failing, you may need help getting waste out of your blood. One option is a process called dialysis. It usually involves pumping your blood through a machine that cleans it and sends it back into your body. It can take several hours, and most people who need the treatment need to have it done 3 times

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.218372
Retrieved Text: The urinary system plays a vital role in the body’s ability to maintain volume and composition of body fluids within normal limits. One of the main functions of the urinary system is to rid the body of waste products such as urea. The urinary system’s major organs include the bladder and the kidneys. While the urinary system is the most involve in excretion, other organs such as the lungs, skin, liver and intestines are also involved in excretion. The lungs remove carbon dioxide and water as waste products, while the skin’s sweat glands also rid the body of waste. The liver and intestines excrete the bile that results when hemoglobin is broken down. The urinary system also maintains fluid levels in the body and pH of blood. The system makes sure that there are normal concentrations of electrolytes and other substances in the blood by filtering blood through the kidneys. In general, the urinary system maintains homeostasis in the body.
Malnutrition lowers the body’s ability to regenerate cells and work efficiently. Malnutrition can lead to a decreased resistance to bacteria which can cause UTIs in children. In a study done by the University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital, children who were malnourished were found to be more likely to develop urinary tract infections. The bacteria that exit our bodies have a much easier time causing infection when the body’s defenses are depleted as they are when someone is malnourished. Another study by a German institute found that malnutrition can cause worsening of chronic renal failure symptoms, and CKD

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.21065
Retrieved Text: Is high creatinine bad for patients and its treatment? What does creatinine level 1.72 mean? Even though creatinine level is a relatively familiar index for kidney disease patients, some of them can not understand it further. Here we will use creatinine level 1.72 as an example to help people know more about it.
Normal levels of creatinine in the blood are approximately 0.6 to 1.2 mg/dL in adults males and 0.5 to 1.1 mg/dL in adult females. A person with only one kidney may have a normal level of about 1.8 or 1.9. Creatinine levels that reach 2.0 or more in babies and 10.0 or more in adults may indicate severe kidney impairment and the need for dialysis to remove wastes from the blood.
Creatinine is a chemical waste molecule that is generated from muscle metabolism. It is transported through the bloodstream to the kidneys. The kidneys filter out most of the creatinine and dispose of it in the urine. So the kidneys maintain the blood creatinine in a normal range. As the kidneys become impaired for any reason, the creatinine level in the blood will rise due to poor clearance of creatinine by the kidneys. Does creatinine level 1.72 exceed the normal level?
How to do for reducing high creatinine and improve patients’ life? Micro-Chinese Medicine Osmotherapy can deal with your problem. It can promote blood circulation and remove obstruction in channels, so the blood flow in the kidneys will increase.
some Chinese medicines have the function of anti- inflammation and anti-coagulation, so the renal fibrosis will be stopped.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.203796
Retrieved Text: We often hear talk about replenishing electrolytes. But what exactly are electrolytes?
Electrolytes are minerals that are, well, electric. They include sodium, potassium, calcium, bicarbonate, and magnesium, amongst other minerals. These minerals carry a small electric charge in a fluid environment. Our body needs electrolytes to function. Basically, electrolytes keep our cells, tissues, and fluids active and able to communicate within our bodies. They help our heartbeat and relax, our muscles contract and allow our nerves to transmit. But we can be electrolyte deficient. For instance, we lose them through sweat. Hence, this is why athletes are quick to replenish them after exercise. Our kidneys tend to filter out too many electrolytes, but too few can affect our health.
Who is susceptible to electrolyte depletion? We are all susceptible to electrolyte depletion, but some groups are more so than others. Aside from athletes, older people are particularly susceptible to electrolyte deficiency. People with kidney disease, diabetes, and heart failure also need to watch for deficiencies. Although dehydration caused by our summertime activities can deplete us, we can become deficient in electrolytes any time of year.
Sodium: Sodium controls the water content in our body. It is mainly found in our blood, plasma, and lymph fluid. It maintains a balanced environment outside of our cells, while potassium helps regulate the environment inside cells. Sodium and potassium must be in sync for electrolytes to be balanced and to maintain a healthy functioning body. Although too much sodium has been thought to cause high blood pressure, the most common electrolyte disorder in

================



======= Instance Index 19 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Magma is formed when rock melts inside the Earth&#x27;s crust
- Magma rises
- Collects inside magma chambers underneath a volcano
- Pressure builds in the magma chambers as they fill
- Gain energy for eruption
- Some of the energy is converted into seismic activity (earthquakes)
- If the magma building in the volcano is thick and sticky it will trap gases
- Results in an explosive eruption when the pressure becomes too intense
- If the magma is thin and runs
- The magma results in a low-pressure, slow-moving flow of magma instead of a violent eruption
- 

Question:
suppose the magma rises less happens, how will it affect the magma building in the volcano is thinner.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 57.673813
Retrieved Text: How does the rock of the Earth’s mantle move?
When the mantle move it makes earthquakes. The top layer moves around because the solar system pushes it around.
One way I think that the plates move when volcanoes erupt because the mantle might be holding the lava that comes out of volcanoes. The other way I think the plates move is by earthquakes because I read about how earthquakes had something to do with the reason that land was split.
I claim that cooled down magma or rock causes the Earth’s mantle to move. My evidence is on diagram 4 it shows a ridge, and on diagram 2 it shows magma rising and when magma rises it turns into rock. And because it gets cooled down by the water above it, it gets more rock and new rocks mean that the older rock from before gets pushed down and gets burnt/recycled, causing a loop.
The Earth’s Tectonic plates move because of plumes of lava rapidly moving up pushing the plates. This process is similar to the way water moves ice under a frozen lake.
I claim Earth’s tectonic plates move because of convection cells pushing tectonic plates apart. My evidence is that the textbook claimed magma was heated near the core rose up pushed against two plates causing them to push apart.
My guess is that maybe they move because of the Mantles temperature or maybe it just moves on its own, but I do know that when the Mantle’s plates move, that it would cause Earthquakes. It could also move because

########
Rank: 1
Score: 55.11127
Retrieved Text: How Do Extrusive and Intrusive Environments Differ?
With a background on how melts form and freeze, we can now introduce key features of the two settings intrusive and extrusive in which igneous rocks form.
Different volcanoes extrude molten rock in different ways. Some volcanoes erupt streams of low-viscosity lava that ﬂood down the ﬂanks of the volcano and then cover broad swaths of the countryside. When this lava freezes, it forms a relatively thin lava ﬂow. Such ﬂows may cool in days to months. In contrast, some volcanoes erupt viscous masses of lava that pile into rubbly domes. And still others erupt explosively, sending clouds of volcanic ash and debris skyward, and/or avalanches of ash tumbling down the sides of the volcano.
If magma stayed put once it formed, new igneous rocks would not develop in or on the crust. But it doesn't stay put; magma tends to move upward, away from where it formed. In some cases, it reaches the Earth’s surface and erupts at a volcano. This movement is a key component of the Earth System, because it transfers material from deeper parts of the Earth upward and provides the raw material from which new rocks and the atmosphere and ocean form. Eventually, magma freezes and transforms into a new solid rock.
Magma rises for two reasons. First, buoyancy drives magma upward just as it drives a wooden block up through water, because magma is less dense than the surrounding rock. Second, magma rises because the weight of overlying rock creates pressure at depth that literally squeezes magma

########
Rank: 2
Score: 54.916996
Retrieved Text: Girls Can! Crate is a monthly subscription box that inspires girls ages 5-10 to believe they can be and do anything by introducing them to fearless women who made the world better.
Each box will include a 20-page activity book telling the featured woman’s unique story (as well as games, experiments, & more), 2-3 hands-on STEAM (science, technology, engineering, art, and math) activities related to her field, a creative play prop, a featured character trait that helped her succeed and 2-3 practical tips for parents to easily foster that trait, and more. The boxes are designed to encourage a love for STEAM, to foster creativity, curiosity, and support literacy development. With every box purchased, Girls Can! Crate donates 10% of the proceeds to nonprofit organizations working to empower women and girls.
Subscriptions are $29.95/month or less with multi-month commitments. Shipping is free within the US.
Let’s see what’s in my March 2019 Girls Can! Crate!
Everything was shipped in a bright red box with the Girls Can! Crate logo on top.
March’s featured “fearless woman” was the groundbreaking French volcanologist, Katia Krafft. An information card listed all of the activities in the crate and the order in which they should be completed. The reverse side included tips for parents on how to encourage Katia’s bravery in their own children.
A 20-page, full color activity book included the story of Katia Krafft and how her incredible bravery led her to become one of the world’s experts on volcanoes. It also included volcano facts, puzzles, games, recipes, and more. All of the activity instructions

########
Rank: 3
Score: 54.307648
Retrieved Text: Geology reports don't have to lull readers to dreamland when you explain how a natural force can explode with more power than an atomic bomb, obliterate most of an island, change the weather and hurl shock waves around the globe. These are some of the incredible effects your report can describe when you discuss volcanoes -- one of Earth's most powerful forces.
Pressure causes a multitude of physical actions to occur. Combine heat and pressure and you may create a volcano. Begin your report by explaining how magma -- hot, liquid rock below the earth -- rises because its density is less than the density of the surrounding rocks. The distance the magma moves vertically depends on factors such as the mass of the rocks it must go through and its density. Under intense pressure, dissolved gas in the magma helps propel it upward where it can make it to the surface and into the air depending on the volcano's type. Geologists call magma "lava" when it leaves a volcano via an eruption or vent.
According to the Global Volcanism Program, an extinct volcano is one people don't expect to erupt again, while an active volcano is one that has erupted in the last 10,000 years. Place these important facts into your report along with the definition of dormant: a volcano expected to erupt one day, but which hasn't in the last 10,000 years.
Not All Volcanoes Go "BOOM!"Talk about various types of volcanoes, such as Mt. St. Helens, a powerful stratovolcano that explodes with fury, hurling gas, rocks

########
Rank: 4
Score: 53.63002
Retrieved Text: How Was Mount Kilimanjaro Formed?
Mount Kilimanjaro is a stratovolcano that formed as the plates below it dropped and porous basalt rock magma erupted through the surface of the ocean. The magma and other debris formed layers with each eruption, eventually rising high enough to bring Mount Kilimanjaro to its height of 19,341 feet.
Mount Kilimanjaro emerged from fault movement along part of the Great Rift Valley. The movement occurs in a subduction zone, an area where the oceanic crust descends below the continental crust. As the oceanic slab sinks, magma rises through the porous rock, aiding in the descent of the crust. As magma rises past the crust, it enters an area of the rock known as the mantle, where it pools and adds some of the mantle rock and gases to its composition. Eventually, the built-up magma reaches a high enough pressure that it explodes violently, in what geologists refer to as an explosive eruption. For Mount Kilimanjaro, this process likely began around a million years ago. Repetition of this process eventually formed the three peaks of Kilimanjaro, known as Mawenzi, Shira and Kibo. The last major eruption from this process occurred between 150,000 to 200,000 years ago. Kibo is classified as a dormant volcano, while Mawenzi and Shira are classified as extinct.
Search for Kilimanjaro Information. Find Answers at Teoma.
Where Is Mount Kilimanjaro Located?
What Is a Magma Chamber?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 53.336544
Retrieved Text: Volcanoes form in areas where magma has made its way to the Earth's surface. Magma in the asthenosphere has a lower density than the rocks of the Earth's crust. This difference in density, combined with its extreme heat makes magma rise upwards pushing into the Earth's crust.
Sometimes, the magma is able to push and melt its way up all the way through the rocks of the Earth's crust and makes it to the surface. Here the magma cools forming a mound we call a volcano.
HOT SPOTS ARE SUPER HEATED AREAS OF THE MANTLE.
These areas are hot enough to melt rock and cause hot magma to rise upwards through the asthenosphere and into the crust. Eventually the superheated magma on a hotspot burns its way up through the crust and creates a volcano.
IN MANY CASES, HOT SPOTS OCCUR IN THE OCEAN, AND THE VOLCANO THEY PRODUCE BECOMES AN ISLAND. OVER TIME CONTINENTAL DRIFT MOVES THE VOLCANIC ISLAND AWAY FROM THE HOT SPOT. WHEN THIS HAPPENS THE VOLCANO IS CUT OFF FROM THE SUPPLY OF MAGMA SO IT GOES EXTINCT, AND A NEW VOLCANIC ISLAND WILL FORM OVER THE HOT SPOT.
THIS IS HOW MANY ISLAND CHAINS, LIKE HAWAII FORM!
SHIELD CONE VOLCANOES FORM AS LOW MOUNTAINS WITH BROAD GENTLY SLOPING SIDES, AND NON EXPLOSIVE ERUPTIONS THAT FORM NEAR HOT SPOTS AND DIVERGING BOUNDARIES.
They get their name from the fact that they look like a shield laid flat on the ground. They form into this shape because of the way the erupt. Shield cone eruptions are not explosive. Instead the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 52.776653
Retrieved Text: The volcanic activity comes to no surprise as Kilauea sits above the Hawaiian hotspot. Scientists have been studying and monitoring Kilauea for years trying to better understand how volcanoes operate in hopes of being able to better predict when eruptions will occur and to lessen the impact on humans.
Over the last couple weeks, Kilauea, one of the volcanoes on the Big Island of Hawaii and one of the world’s most active volcanoes, has heated up. There have been almost two dozen eruptions in Kilauea’s East Rift Zone and explosive eruptions from Kilauea’s main crater. Since May 3, eruptions have been spewing lava into residential areas, destroying homes, roads, and numerous other structures. These eruptions are a result of an increase in pressure of the magma chamber that fuels the volcano in addition to the intrusion of magma into the side of the volcano.
A hotspot is an area of volcanic activity at a relatively stationary location. What makes hotspot volcanism unique is that it does not occur at the boundaries of Earth’s tectonic plates, where most other volcanoes are located. Instead, volcanism occurs at abnormally hot centers within tectonic plates as a result of a mantle plume. Mantle plumes act like a stream of heated lava rising in a lava lamp where they represent the rising of extremely hot rock within the Earth’s mantle. Like the lava lamp where the lamp is heated at the base by the light bulb, the mantle is heated at its base by Earth’s outer core causing the warmer (less dense) mantle

########
Rank: 7
Score: 52.32286
Retrieved Text: Volcanoes are formed when there is a great stress inside the earth’s crust and the pressure of magma reaches so high that it finds its way upward causing an eruption. Sometimes the magma chamber breaks its sides and only reaches to the flank or summit of volcano and sometimes reaches to the surface causing an eruption. In the volcanoes which are not much active supply the magma from the deeper parts of the earth is not sufficient to cause eruption so most of the times crystals forms and they go down at the bottom releasing gas in the form of bubbles which come to the top of chamber and sometimes the pressure created by these gas bubbles are enough to erupt a volcano or just wait there for a little more push which they get from the next new magma formed within the earth. The heat just triggers the magma for eruption which was there for a long time.
Magma is the melted rocks deep in the earth crust. The rocks melt because of great heat inside and forms a thick liquid called magma and when it comes to the surface it is called as â€œlavaâ€ and flows into the air in the form of ashes etc.
If the volcanic eruption is explosive then the matter forms a cloud of hot tephron. The things coming in its way are almost destroyed. Ashes which are released in the sky fell on the earth in the form of powdery snow and it doesnâ€™t melts. A huge mass of snow can

########
Rank: 8
Score: 50.911392
Retrieved Text: Most volcanoes look like peaceful mountains, unless they've erupted recently. When Mt. Saint Helens in Washington erupted in 1980 it hadn't erupted for 123 years. People just thought it was a beautiful mountain. Although an eruption can happen without warning, lava flows from volcanoes rarely kill people because they move slowly enough for people to get out of the way. However, blankets of ash can be thick enough to suffocate plants, animals and people.
One of the most interesting and breathtaking things about a volcano eruption is how high lava shoots out. Large explosive eruptions can shoot lava ash to heights of 25 miles (40 km.) Volcanoes erupt because of pressure. Deep within the Earth it is so hot that some rocks slowly melt and turn into a thick substance called magma. Because it is lighter than the solid rock around it, magma rises and collects in magma chambers. Eventually some of the magma pushes through vents and shoots into the sky. To get a visual, shake a can of pop and then get someone else to open it. Magma that has erupted out of a volcano is called lava. Eruptions can last anywhere from a few hours to 100,000 days. Most seem to last about 49 days.
The stories about going down into the opening of an old volcano are all pretty much science fiction. The final stage of most eruptions includes lava, ash or debris falling back down into the hole. There usually are no long chambers to climb down. The deepest depressions are called calderas,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 50.51799
Retrieved Text: The concern about a much larger volcanic eruption in Hawaii is all about what happens when water collides with superheated rock.
Concern is growing among volcano scientists in Hawaii that Kilauea could have an explosive eruption sending boulders the size of vehicles into the air, landing miles away. What would cause such an eruption, and does that have anything in common with our volcanoes here in the Pacific Northwest?
Phreatic eruptions occur when water comes into contact with superheated rock causing the water to flash into steam dramatically, expanding its volume and propelling rock skyward.
But how it happens is yet another big difference between Hawaii’s shield volcanos and stratovolcanoes such as Mount St. Helens.
In 2004, Mount St. Helens erupted in one of these phreatic events. This eruption was much smaller than the big blast of May 18, 1980, and did not lead to any injuries or fatalities. The 2004 eruption, which went on until 2008, saw significant dome building in the volcano’s lopsided crater. Dome building in a stratovolcano brought viscous hot rock to the surface, which is far thicker than the smooth flowing magma from Kilauea.
The initial months of the Mount St. Helens eruption saw spectacular blasts of steam, rock and ash as glacial meltwater and rainwater seeped into cracks and came into contact with hot rock, says George Bergantz of the University of Washington’s Earth and Space Sciences. Bertantz studies volcanoes in Hawaii, here in the Pacific Northwest, and Argentina.
While both mountains can see phreatic explosions, the way it would happen on Kilauea is far different.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 50.29152
Retrieved Text: Although the phrase "melted rock" is used, technically the rock doesn’t melt at all. Instead the particles that form the rock change, causing crystals. Rocks that have melted are called metamorphic rocks. Metamorphic rocks are known as magma when they are under Earth's surface, and lava when a volcano expels them.
Heat is the most important factor affecting the melting point of rock. High temperatures cause the ions in the rock to move quickly, which results in a deformation of the rock. Rock melts when subjected to temperatures between 572 degrees Fahrenheit and 1,292 degrees Fahrenheit. Different types of rock, formed by different materials, will melt at different temperatures.
A great deal of pressure is inside Earth, which causes heat. Imagine rubbing your hands together very hard; this pressure causes heat. Something like this happens -- on a much-larger scale -- under Earth's surface, which is why magma exists in Earth’s core.
The higher the water content of the rocks, the lower the melting point, meaning that they require less heat to melt. The water mixes with the rock particles and speeds up the formation of crystals.
Certain types of rock, such as basalts, must be exposed to high temperatures for a very long time before they start to melt. This reaction is also dependent on the water content of the rocks -- basalts have a low water content; therefore, they take longer to melt. Also, the less pressure the rocks are subjected to, the longer it will take for them to melt.
Harris, Linda. "What Factors Affect the Melting Temperature

########
Rank: 11
Score: 50.15657
Retrieved Text: Volcanoes are good examples of natural events that can be both awe inspiring and destructive to behold. Events like the eruption of Vesuvius, which buried the Italian town of Pompeii, serve as a reminder of a volcano’s explosive and sudden power. A volcanic eruption may appear to be a sudden and spontaneous event but in reality it is the culmination of a very long process over a period of time that can span centuries.
The volcano itself is a geologic formation with long narrow openings that lead to deep within the Earth. These openings are formed by the pressure from the Earth’s tectonic plates either colliding or pulling apart. Much like pipes, the openings transport liquid – in this case magma (molten rock) – which is formed when the heat and pressure within the earth melt the rock. It is this heated magma that eventually comes out of the volcano in the form of molten hot lava.
To explain this process in detail, the melted rock (magma) must go through a circulation first forming at the bottom of the volcano before starting its journey up the volcano’s main vent that leads right to the top of the volcano. The lava makes its way slowly up the main vent, getting hotter and hotter all the while as it is allowed to utilize oxygen in the air to amplify its heat.
The magma turns into an extremely hot liquid when it gets around halfway up the main vent. This liquid is called lava. While continuing its slow and irrevocable journey up

########
Rank: 12
Score: 49.943462
Retrieved Text: The Auckland Volcanic Field is monogenetic meaning each volcano usually only erupts once. The field is still active and there is no way to predict where or when the next ‘bubble’ of magma will rise to the surface and create a new volcano. The size and length of each eruption depends on how big the ‘bubble’ of magma was.
If the basalt magma mixes with water (seawater or groundwater) super heated steam blows it apart. This causes a pyroclastic eruption that produces fall and flow deposits and has created the low rings of pyroclastic rock (called tuff) around the craters of many Auckland volcanoes such as Lake Pupuke.
When the magma has no contact with water, lava can fountain out less explosively and build a cone of tephra. Basalt tephra is called scoria so the cones are commonly called scoria cones (e.g. One Tree Hill).
To monitor the Auckland volcanoes there are currently 9 seismographs operated by GNS Science’s GeoNet programme.
Rangitoto means ‘Bloody sky’ and is thought to refer to the serious injury of a Māori chief during a battle.
Rangitoto is a volcanic island in the Hauraki Gulf visible from most parts of Auckland City. It is the most recent, largest and least altered volcano in the Auckland Volcanic Field. This is made up of around 50 small volcanoes that have formed over the last 250.000 years. Rangitoto makes up nearly 60% of the total volume of material erupted. It was formed by at least 2 eruptions 600-700 years ago and is now about 260 m above sea level

########
Rank: 13
Score: 49.602394
Retrieved Text: Thrihnukagigur Volcano is a dormant volcano located approximately 13 miles (20 km) southeast of Reykjavik, Iceland. Also known as “Three Peaks Crater,” Thrihnukagigur last erupted more than 4,000 years ago. It is now notable for its vast, empty magma chamber.
While most underground magma chambers are naturally sealed off by cooled and hardened lava, the magma beneath Thrihnukagigur evidently drained away, perhaps to a spot deeper within the earth. A caver discovered the volcano’s magma chamber in 1974. It was opened to the public in 2012, making Thrihnukagigur the only volcano in the world that visitors can explore from the inside.
The enormous cavern is taller than the Statue of Liberty, and nearly as wide as three full-sized basketball courts lined up end-to-end. The walls are covered with intricate rock formations and bright colors. Yellow stains are attributable to sulfurous gases, while blue indicates where rocks have detached from the wall.
Tourists can take an open cable car through the cinder cone peak and descend 120 meters (400 feet) to the bottom of the underground chamber. However, due to the absence of roads in that area, visitors must first hike to the volcano from the foot of the Bláfjöll mountains. The trek involves a 45-minute hike over lava fields each way.
Iceland is the world’s largest volcanic island, due to its location on the Iceland Hotspot and the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, an underwater mountain range bordering the crack where the North American and Eurasian tectonic plates are pushing away from each other. As the crack between the plates expands, lava periodically

########
Rank: 14
Score: 49.492935
Retrieved Text: The Menan Buttes are tuff cones, a type of volcano that forms when hot, basaltic magma interacts with water near Earth’s surface.
Basaltic magma, produced in Earth’s mantle, travels towards the surface through magma-filled cracks called dikes. As the magma in a dike nears the surface, it can interact with water. Usually, heat from the magma warms surrounding rocks that vaporize water before it nears the magma. However, water reaches the magma where it is abundant and flows easily. Water and magma interact explosively. Heat from the magma causes the water to vaporize.
These explosions break the magma into BB-sized pieces called ash and throw these fragments into the air. Accumulating ash from an ongoing eruption forms a growing cone. The ash in the cone solidifies to form a rock called a tuff. Thus, the Menan Buttes are a tuff cone.
The sediments beneath the Menan Buttes consist of gravel deposited by the Snake and Henrys Fork rivers. Water fills the large pore spaces in these gravel deposits. The Menan Buttes are part of a string of at least six volcanoes, including the Annis Buttes (southeast) and Sand Hill (northwest). These volcanoes formed when magma traveling through a dike reached the water in the gravel deposits. Each volcano formed at a different location along the dike.
Today, visitors to the Buttes observe volcanic cones composed of tuff (welded ash). In places, the tuff contains rounded river cobbles and angular pieces of lava flow from the underlying deposits.
When a volcano erupts it will sometimes eject material into the atmosphere. This material

########
Rank: 15
Score: 49.42607
Retrieved Text: Igneous Rock - Middle School Science Rocks!
Scientists tell us that the Earth began as a huge ball of molten material. As it cooled it solidified. The first that formed was Igneous Rock -- meaning formed from fire. It took a long time for the molten material to cool. As it was cooling, it was still hot enough for atoms to move around. These atoms combined with other atoms forming compounds. These compounds formed minerals.
A rock is an Aggregate (mixture) of minerals.
The Sedimentary rock is baked and forms Metamorphic rock. If there is too much heat the rock melts into magma. It will cool and form Igneous rock again.
Crystallization-- cooling; sometimes under pressure.
We end up with what we started with. We have gone around in a circle. This called the Rock Cycle.
In this lesson we will only talk about Igneous Rock.
Igneous rock comes from two sources --- Magma and Lava. Both are liquid rocks.
Magma: liquid rock containing many dissolved gases (found inside the earth).
The magma rises up from the mantle region of the earth; the temperature there is 1400ºC.
Radioactive rocks are present at the crust-mantle boundary. The radioactivity gives enough heat to melt the rock.
Magma moves upward along cracks in the crust. If it overflows onto the earths surface, it is called lava.
The magma cools slowly. The atoms come together to form compounds and minerals. A combination of minerals gives rise to different Igneous rocks.
When the magma reaches the Earth's surface as Lava, it cools fast. The atoms don't have the time to move around forming various

########
Rank: 16
Score: 49.320217
Retrieved Text: Volcanoes have shaped the world – and caused devastation in their wake. In Southern Europe they are a constant threat – the effects of a large eruption could destroy buildings and infrastructure; engulf and incinerate agriculture; and wipe out populations. Around Naples, the remains of Pompeii and Herculaneum are a constant, grim reminder of what the looming presence of Mount Vesuvius could do to the city.
Vesuvius isn’t the only threat in the area, however. Less well known but even larger is a formation called Campi Flegrei, a 13km-wide crater that sits on top of an active magma chamber, whose name roughly translates as ’burning fields’. The last eruption in Campi Flegrei was in 1538, but for the past 40 years the ground in the area has been swelling – an ominous omen that another eruption could be imminent.
The potential danger and the fact that little is known about this kind of volcano, which is known as a caldera, has led to plans to drill into Campi Flegrei to insert sensors that will allow scientists to locate the magma chamber precisely and find new data on the conditions around and inside it. But the project is proving controversial – opponents fear that the drilling could release heavy metals and other pollutants to the surface, or could trigger seismic events or another eruption.
Ask someone to draw a volcano and they’re likely to sketch out the classic conical mountain with smoke and lava coming out of the top. These eruptions can be cataclysmic enough – Mount St Helens in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 49.101635
Retrieved Text: Université de la Réunion - Rift zones and magma plumbing system of Piton de la Fournaise volcano: How do they differ from Hawaii and Etna?
Rift zones and magma plumbing system of Piton de la Fournaise volcano: How do they differ from Hawaii and Etna?
Abstract : On ocean basaltic volcanoes, magma transfer to the surface proceeds by subvertical ascent from the mantle lithosphere through the oceanic crust and the volcanic edifice, possibly followed by lateral propagation along rift zones. We use a 19-year-long database of volcano-tectonic seismic events together with detailed mapping of the cinder cones and eruptive fissures to determine the geometry and the dynamics of the magma paths intersecting the edifice of Piton de la Fournaise volcano. We show that the overall plumbing system, from about 30 km depth to the surface, is composed of two structural levels that feed distinct types of rift zones. The deep plumbing system is rooted between Piton des Neiges and Piton de la Fournaise volcanoes and has a N30–40 orientation. Above 20 km below sea level (bsl), the main axis switches to a N120 orientation, which permits magma transfer from the lithospheric mantle to the base of the oceanic crust, below the summit of Piton de la Fournaise. The related NW-SE rift zone is 15 km wide, linear, spotted by small to large pyroclastic cones and related lava flows and emits slightly alkaline magmas resulting from high-pressure fractionation of clinopyroxene ± olivine. This rift zone has low magma production rate of ~ 0.5–3.6 × 10 −3 m 3 s

########
Rank: 18
Score: 48.846794
Retrieved Text: Volcanoes come in many shapes and sizes, ranging from common cinder cone volcanoes that build up from repeated eruptions and lava domes that pile up over volcanic vents to broad shield volcanoes and composite volcanoes. Though they differ in terms of structure and appearance, they all share two things. On the one hand, they are all awesome forces of nature that both terrify and inspire.
On the other, all volcanic activity comes down to the same basic principle. In essence, all eruptions are the result of magma from beneath the Earth being pushed up to the surface where it erupts as lava, ash and rock. But what mechanisms drive this process? What is it exactly that makes molten rock rise from the Earth’s interior and explode onto the landscape?
To understand how volcanoes erupt, one first needs to consider the structure of the Earth. At the very top is the lithosphere, the outermost layers of the Earth that consists of the upper mantle and crust. The crust makes up a tiny volume of the Earth, ranging from 10 km in thickness on the ocean floor to a maximum of 100 km in mountainous regions. It is cold and rigid, and composed primarily of silicate rock.
Beneath the crust, the Earth’s mantle is divided into sections of varying thickness based on their seismology. These consist of the upper mantle, which extends from a depth of 7 – 35 km (4.3 to 21.7 mi)) to 410 km (250 mi); the transition zone, which ranges from 410–660 km (250–410 mi); the lower

########
Rank: 19
Score: 48.698574
Retrieved Text: The lava lake in Santiago crater, Masaya volcano, Nicaragua on November 20, 2017.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. — Using satellite imaging, Penn State researchers for the first time identified a major magma supply into a reservoir extending almost 2 miles from the crater of a volcano in Nicaragua.
Using Interferometric Synthetic-Aperture Radar (InSAR), a technique that uses radar satellite remote-sensing images, the team found ground swelling of more than 3 inches in a large area north of the crater. They used comparative data taken at different points in time to determine increases in magma supply. That work was corroborated by independent gas measurements taken at the crater by another team. Charting ground inflation near volcanoes is one way to determine the likelihood of a future volcanic eruption. InSAR can measure changes of one-third of an inch in the topography of the Earth.
Wauthier suspects the magma pathways are related to a pre-existing caldera structure that was formed during the collapse of the volcano 2,500 years ago. Masaya — like Wyoming's Yellowstone Caldera — is not conical shaped. Past magmatic activity caused the roof of a reservoir to fall out, creating a depression at the point of eruption. Weak zones could have been formed during this event and could currently serve as magma pathways, Wauthier said, but it will take more research to determine that.
The last time Masaya had a massive eruption was in 1772, and a lava lake has often been visible at the summit since then. However, the volcano has been showing signs of activity, with its most recent

########
Rank: 20
Score: 48.485092
Retrieved Text: In November 2017, the world’s eyes were focused on the tourist island of Bali, Indonesia, as Agung erupted for the first time since 1963 [Gertisser et al., 2018] (Figure 1). Locals refer to Gunung Agung, the Bahasa Indonesian term for “great mountain,” as Bali’s “great volcano.” This latest Balinese eruption and the ensuing ashfall required some 150,000 people to evacuate the area and caused airline flight disruptions and widespread anxiety.
Now that Agung has shown signs of reawakening, it is imperative that scientists understand its inner workings.
However, this latest eruption was tame compared to the climactic 1963 crisis, in which fast-flowing, glowing hot debris avalanches killed at least 1,100 people. Sulfur-rich gas emitted to the stratosphere during the 1963 event also caused global temperatures to dip by 0.1°C to 0.4°C [Self and Rampino, 2012].
Now that Agung has shown signs of reawakening, it is imperative that scientists understand its inner workings (Figure 1). Our international research team has taken on this challenge. We collected evidence from chemical analysis of volcanic crystals, which now enables us to reconstruct the magma storage network beneath Agung [Geiger et al., 2018].
We found magma storage areas at both mantle (~20 kilometers (km)) and shallow crustal (~5 km) depths beneath Agung. This type of multilevel plumbing system may be typical of Indonesian volcanoes and could cause magma in shallow reservoirs to become enriched in silica and volatile compounds containing sulfur or hydrogen, thus promoting the frequent explosive eruptions observed in the region.
A research team from Sweden, the United States, and Italy collected rock samples

########
Rank: 21
Score: 48.48392
Retrieved Text: 第101页 - At a destructive margin one plate dives beneath the other. Friction causes it to melt and become molten magma. The magma forces its way up to the surface to form a volcano to the side of the actual plate margin (the ocean trench).
第53页 - The dotted arrows show the direction the trade winds would take if the earth's rotation did not deflect them to the left in the southern hemisphere and to the right in the northern.
第28页 - FLOOD-PLAIN A plain, bordering a river, which has been formed from deposits of sediment carried down by the river. When a river rises and overflows its banks, the water spreads over the flood-plain; a layer of sediment is deposited at each flood, so that the flood-plain gradually rises.
第101页 - At a constructive margin where two plates are moving apart new magma can reach the surface through the gap. Volcanoes forming along this crack create a submarine mountain range called an ocean ridge, eg Mid-Atlantic ridge.
第101页 - In places where a plate is particularly thin magma may be able to escape to the surface. Such a place is called a 'hot spot'.
第58页 - Minor house damage. Significant damage to signs, trees and caravans. Heavy damage to some crops. Risk of power failure. Small craft may break moorings. 3 170-225 Some roof and structural damage.
第53页 - Air, in the form of wind, moves from areas of high pressure to areas of low pressure. • The speed of the wind depends on the difference in air pressure between two

########
Rank: 22
Score: 48.30418
Retrieved Text: Magma rises to the Earth's surface due to a combination of differences in density with other rocks in the crust and pressure. The differences in density cause it to move upward until its density is the same as the other rocks in the crust. It then builds pressure, causing it to rise to the surface.
Magma is made of molten rocks and minerals. It forms in the lower crust and upper mantle layers of the Earth due to movements in the mantle, changes in temperature or contact with water or carbon dioxide under the surface. These changes cause rocks in the crust to melt, forming magma.
Sometimes, magma collects in magma chambers, and sometimes, it simply rises until its density is the same as the other rocks around it. However, once it has risen, it comes into contact with gases, forming bubbles. In some cases, the magma decompresses too quickly and the bubbles build up and create pressure. This pressure causes the surrounding rock to fracture, letting the magma rise to the surface.
Magma that is created through exposure to water can rise under different conditions. Water causes rock to melt at lower temperatures, so less pressure is involved. However, water usually enters the lower crust through subduction zones in the ocean floor, which also allow the magma to escape.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 47.933075
Retrieved Text: Scientists are worried about Campi Flegrei.
Scientists have discovered that an ancient volcano in one of the most densely populated parts of the world may erupt at any moment. Here’s why: Magma could be approaching critical degassing pressure at Campi Flegrei, a volcano in the metropolitan area of Naples, home to over four million people.
New research published this week in the journal Nature aims to explain how volcanoes reach that tipping point, something that still isn’t totally understood. In short, rising magma reaches a sudden point when it releases too much steam into nearby rocks, causing an eruption. Campi Flegrei is about to reach that point.
“[The at-risk nearby population] highlights the urgency of obtaining a better understanding of Campi Flegrei’s behaviour,” said Giovanni Chiodini, one of the paper’s authors and a researcher at the National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology in Bologna, said in a report published Wednesday.
Magma, molten rock moving up from the Earth’s mantle, is not a necessarily bad thing. While some theorize that volcanic activity is leading to the end of the world, cooler heads are proposing systems that harness the energy from hot volcanoes to generate power.
The densely populated city of Naples, Italy.
The main issue, the paper explains, is that as magma moves through the hydrothermal rocks during a volcano’s reawakening, interactions take place that researchers still don’t fully understand. In silicic volcanoes, complex hydrothermal systems develop during a volcano’s dormant stage, and not understanding these interactions means predicting when magma will erupt through the surface is a gamble.
Campi Flegrei has been showing

########
Rank: 24
Score: 47.919094
Retrieved Text: For thousands of years, the chief danger of Europe’s most active volcano has been the threat of something akin to hellfire. In the future, the peril could be the exact opposite: water.
That’s because Mount Etna, on the Italian island of Sicily, is slowly, inevitably sliding into the Mediterranean Sea – a creeping movement scientists have observed for decades. But new research suggests this colossal phenomenon could be a greater hazard than anyone realised.
“The entire slope is in motion due to gravity,” explains geophysicist Heidrun Kopp from the Geomar Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research in Germany.
While the exact cause of Etna’s slow sliding (at an average rate of 14 millimetres or 0.55 inches per year) has never been fully understood, scientists previously thought the shift might be due to a build-up of magma inside the volcano.
But that’s not what the new research suggests.
To investigate, in April 2016 the researchers set up a network of five underwater transponders to continuously monitor seafloor displacement along the submerged southern boundary of Mount Etna.
Every 90 minutes, each of these geodetic stations would ‘ping’ one another with an acoustic signal. Any changes in the amount of time taken for the signal to be picked up would indicate transponder movement due to Etna’s shifting south-eastern flank – with the system precise to displacements of less than one centimetre.
For a year, nothing happened.
Then, in 2017, Etna’s shifting underwater flank moved by 4 centimetres (1.6 inches) between May 12 and May 20 – a movement that corresponded to an eight-day-long aseismic fault motion in the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 47.694767
Retrieved Text: 5 Mountain Layers & magma?
29 Spawn Distance For Creatures?
32 Flies spawning from magma?
does magma melt non-magma save walls? can it do it vertically, assuming i channeled out the floor? up and down? it would be interesting to just melt a bunch of stone in a big line straight up instead of build a huge pump system.
Does the type of rock around the mountainous areas hint at magma? If you check out this article and this site list a bunch of common volcanic rocks: Granite, Rhyolite, Diorite, Andesite, Gabbro, Basalt, Peridotite and Komatite. Perhaps some clues as to where to find magma?
It may be possible to find magma vents by searching for extrusive igneous rocks (such as basalt, felsite, rhyolite and andesite), but continental shelves and deep earth are just naturally made of intrusive igneous rock (such as granite, diorite and gabbro). It's generally indicative of rock that has been pushed up to the surface (or erosion has withered the rock down), and not a volcano.
I made a few tests with magma and buildings/constructions and I can confirm some known results and I can provide a few new aspects. Constructions (b->C) are magma safe (walls, floors, stairs, others not tested). No matter what the material is.
Open test: bridge with blocks considered as not magma safe.
Since magma replenishes now, I've rewritten that snippet from the article. If I've missed something(a kind of magma not regenerating, though this always worked for me on several maps), feel free to correct things. --Romantic Warrior 15:47, 18 February 2008 (EST).
"The minerals directly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 47.559223
Retrieved Text: The underground mass of water is between the size of Lake Superior and Lake Huron.
A team of researchers has discovered an enormous reservoir of water mixed with magma, or semi-molten rock, roughly nine miles beneath Uturuncu, a dormant volcano in the Andes.
In an article published in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters, the scientists say there that there may be many lakes deep in the Earth beneath other volcanoes as well, and that the bodies of water may explain how and why eruptions happen. The lakes also may play a role in the formation of the Earth's crust.
The subterranean lake apparently contains a volume of water that's somewhere between Lake Huron (850 cubic miles) and Lake Superior (2,903 cubic miles), according to Jon Blundy, a volcano researcher and professor at the UK's University of Bristol, who was one of the study's authors.
According to New Scientist, Blundy and colleagues discovered the massive lake while investigating the Altiplano-Puna magma body, an even more massive underground formation that slows down seismic waves and conducts electricity.
The researchers took rocks ejected by an eruption of Uturuncu that occurred half a billion years ago, mixed them with water in the lab and then subjected them to pressure and temperature conditions comparable to those deep in the Earth. They found that with a mix of about eight to 10% water, the electrical conductivity matched the actual Altiplano-Puna.
That data matched other formations that have been discovered beneath volcanoes such as Mount St. Helen's in Washington state, which led the researchers to suspect that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 47.506657
Retrieved Text: Using rocks erupted from San Cristóbal volcano, researchers analyzed the contents of shrinkage bubbles inside melt inclusions, which form within olivine crystals as they cool inside rising volcanic magma. While looking for carbon dioxide, they discovered water and copper inside the bubbles; a finding that may have implications for developing new ways to locate copper ore deposits.
After lying quiet for three centuries, the San Cristóbal volcano, which lies at the northwestern edge of Nicaragua, erupted in March 1976. Melted rock, called magma, bubbled up toward the surface, causing the mineral olivine to solidify into crystals, which trap droplets of magma known as melt inclusions. As these crystals cooled, carbon dioxide and other volatile compounds coalesced into tiny “shrinkage bubbles” inside the melt inclusions. Scientists have examined the content of these bubbles from other volcanoes and from ones they created in the lab. But shrinkage bubbles in melt inclusions from the San Cristóbal crystals held a surprise inside. These bubbles contained traces of copper minerals.
DCO members Philippe Robidoux (Universidad Mayor, Chile), Maria Luce Frezzotti (University of Milano Bicocca, Italy), Erik Hauri (deceased, formerly of Carnegie Institution for Science, USA), and Alessandro Aiuppa (Università degli Studi di Palermo, Italy) analyzed shrinkage bubbles in melt inclusions from rocks erupted by San Cristóbal, finding carbon compounds, liquid water, and copper sulfides inside. They report these findings in a new study in the Journal of Petrology. The research may have applications for geologists trying to find new deposits of copper ore and for volcanologists looking for more accurate ways to estimate

########
Rank: 28
Score: 47.30479
Retrieved Text: A gigantic, serpentine Mechasaurus from Episode 17 of Getter Robo.
Emperor Gore plans to have a female agent, named Captain Luka, infiltrate the Saotome Studio and find the designing maps for the Getter Machines. To get her in, Emperor Gore sends out Mechasaurus Jiga to destroy ships at ports and then later attack the city when it rises from the waters. When Michi investigates this and finds Jiga setting the city ablaze in flames, she finds Captain Luka, disguised as a human lady, about to be killed by Jiga. Michi gets out of her jet to help her, but Jiga chases after them once they run. Jiga, however, catches up to them and is about to kill them. Ryoma, Hayato, and Musashi arrive in their Getter Machines and spot the Mechasaurus. Musashi combines the Getter Machines into Getter-3 and faces off against Jiga. After Getter-3 fires the Getter Missiles at Jiga, the Mechasaurus retreats back into the ocean, but Getter-3 chases after it and dives into the ocean as well. However, once Getter-3 dives in, they find that the Mechasaurus has already swam away. So they went to help Michi and the girl. Later, when Captain Luka manages to get shots of the designing map, Jiga was sent to pick her up at a volcano. Once she’s aboard inside Jiga, Ryoma, Hayato, and Musashi arrive in their Getter Machines. Jiga dives back down into the magma, so Hayato combines the Getter Machines into Getter-2 and uses the Drill Arm to go through the magma to look for

########
Rank: 29
Score: 47.304382
Retrieved Text: Despite the continuing eruption of Hawaii’s Kilauea volcano for more than a month, the recent eruption of the Fuego volcano in Guatemala has been far more deadly, with the number of victims now exceeding 100 deaths. Why are their eruptions so different?
First, it must be known that different forms of volcanoes lead to distinct eruptions.
Kilauea in Hawaii is a shield volcano, while Fuego in Guatemala is a stratovolcano.
The first volcano ejects lava in motion which eventually hardens during its course. This flat, broad volcano has a domed structure resembling a shield lying on the ground.
The second represents the usual image of a volcano as it is an imposing mountain with a sharp summit, whose eruptions are characterized by lava flows along steep slopes.
By comparison, the Kilauea reaches 1200 meters above sea level, while the Fuego exceeds 3700 meters.
If there are different types of volcanoes, there are also different types of magma, the molten rock that is deep inside the Earth that is called lava once it reaches the surface.
The magma of shield-volcanoes like Kilauea has a lower viscosity, which means that it is more runny.
Volcanologist Einat Lev of Columbia University, New York, uses an analogy between ketchup and tomato paste to explain the difference between Kilauea and Fuego magmas.
For example, the Kilauea lava is slowly expanding, while the Fuego lava is stacking in layers, a feature that, combined with its shape, has devastating consequences as the pressure of the gas increases in the volcano.
Let’s go back to the analogy of ketchup and tomato paste. Gas that

================



======= Instance Index 20 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The gravity of the sun pulls its mass inward
- There is a lot of pressure on the Sun
- The pressure forces atoms of hydrogen to fuse together in nuclear reactions
- The energy from the reactions gives off different kinds of light
- The light travels to the Earth.

Question:
suppose less mass pulled happens, how will it affect less light to travel.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 29.233437
Retrieved Text: If you toss a ball into the air, it will slow down as it rises. The Earth’s gravity pulls on the ball as it moves upward, causing it to slow down until it comes to a momentary stop at its highest point. Then it will begin to move downward, speeding up as it does. Suppose, then, that you were to shine a flashlight upward. What would happen? You might argue that gravity would pull on the photons, causing them to slow down, but we know that light has a constant speed, and can’t slow down. You might argue that since photons are massless gravity doesn’t affect them, but we know that the Earth’s mass, like any other mass, can cause light to change directions. So neither of these can be the answer. The real answer is pretty interesting, and it turns out to be one of the tests of Einstein’s theory of relativity.
To understand what happens to our beam of light, we need to look at gravity in a slightly different way. Normally we think of gravity as a force, but it can also be described in terms of energy. If you take a mass and drop it, it speeds up as it falls, thus gaining kinetic energy. When you toss a ball in the air, it slows down, thus losing kinetic energy. But energy is conserved, so energy gained or lost by the ball has to come from or go somewhere. This energy is typically called gravitational potential energy, since gravity has the potential to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 28.942705
Retrieved Text: Take a regular map (not flat earth) and put it on a table. Draw a horizontal line anywhere below the equator (ie, parallel to the equator). Now take a map of the flat earth, and draw the same line in the southern hemisphere. Now take a globe, and do the same.
Those three different "maps" show three different lines, but only one of them is straight, the one on the regular map. The one on the flat earth map is always curving toward north, but never reaches it. The one on the southern hemisphere of the globe is curving south, but never reaches it.
Now go look at https://www.cntraveler.com/stories/2...e-sail-maphead.
Notice on the flattened map of the globe he uses, the line curves, but when viewed on a sphere, the line is perfectly straight. Try drawing the same line (connecting the two ends appropriately) on the flat earth map. It's not straight at all, nor is it a circle.
That is part of the problem. There is no such thing as a "regular" map of the global earth. There are only different types of map projections that attempt to make a 2D map out of a 3D world.
It also pulls each piece of the satellite individually.
But some of it's pieces would be heavier than others.
Gravity would pull on the heavier pieces more than it would the lighter pieces (ie. the heavier pieces would fall faster).
When there is some long object with heavier pieces, is it conceivable that the heavy pieces could break off from the lighter pieces due to more force

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.787811
Retrieved Text: Two black holes billions of light-years away are about to slam into each other, and it could gives us a front-row seat to an incredible event.
The scientific world is abuzz with news that two supermassive black holes that are circling each other and will collide in slow motion, releasing extraordinary amounts of energy, as we reported recently — but just what happens in this mysterious effect and how it does it affect the space-time fabric?
Scientists have spotted two black holes in the Virgo constellation billions of light-years away, spotting two quasars close to each other that seem to indicate the presence of two black holes circling each other at just a light-week apart, less than the size of our Solar System.
It’s not the first time supermassive black holes have collided in our universe’s history, but rarely has mankind been able to witness it about to happen. Most of the time scientists can only view the after-effects.
First, to understand what is really going on, you have to understand that supermassive black holes are often found at the center of galaxies — almost always, in fact. So when you see two supermassive black holes combining, you’re seeing two galaxies colliding and merging with each other, a tremendous cosmic event that is difficult for us to even comprehend.
The two black holes in particular are well within the galaxy merging process, circling each other at a very close distance, and after a period of time they will collide with each other, release a vast amount of energy and sending ripples

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.292728
Retrieved Text: We know that black holes exert a gravitational force on the objects. How can a massless photon go into black hole and not escape from it? The gravitational force is related to mass isn't it? Is there another force in the black hole or does light has mass?
You are right that according to Newton's gravity, the force of gravity on particle that has 0 mass would be zero, and so gravity should not affect light. In fact, according to Newton's gravity Black holes should not exist: no matter how strong gravity is, light would always be able to escape!
According to General Relativity, gravity is not a force! On the contrary, gravity just affects how distances are measured, and says what shape has the "shortest" path from one place to another... All particles then follow these "shortest path" routes in their motion. Notice that nowhere so far have I mentioned mass, this rule applies for all matter and energy, whether they have mass or not!
It turns out that very close to the black hole, these shortest paths never cross the event horizon... As a result neither light nor anything less can escape from the gravity field of a black hole!
Manolis is a sixth year graduate student who studies galaxies with Arecibo.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.291283
Retrieved Text: Have you ever heard you're never really going any faster than you're actually going...or you're deluded?
I have, and it's true. However fast I was going...that's exactly how fast I was going.
Through whatever set of circumstances resulted in me moving that fast, the fact remains...it was me, I WAS moving that fast.
It is also very true I traveled from point A to point B.
It is also true it took exactly as long as it took.
I either traveled from point A to point B, or I didn't.
I also know the world is alive right now. I mean right NOW.
I know there are many different places I could travel to right NOW.
I know if I travel super fast or super slow, all of those places in this world are there right NOW.
It doesn't matter I can't see them...I know they are there. What you are trying to do is move from here to there. It doesn't matter how fast you go to get there.
You either moved from here to there or not. Hopefully you arrived intact and unharmed.
If I could move from the Earth to Pluto in two seconds, and if I really could do it. It would take me two seconds to GET THERE.
And then I would BE THERE.
It doesn't matter if I passed out during the trip, and while I was passed out I started "tripping" for two seconds.
What does matter is if I actually did it, and survived the trip to talk about it.
Like when one wave is traveling through space and crashes into another wave

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.067
Retrieved Text: why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light?
Re: why can't anything travel faster than the speed of light?
Let's limit ourselves to an electron. Why can't the electron travel faster than light? IMHO the answer is lurking there in things like pair production and electron diffraction and the wave nature of matter. The electron can't go faster than light because in a way it is light. See atomic orbitals where you can read this: "The electrons do not orbit the nucleus in the sense of a planet orbiting the sun, but instead exist as standing waves". In simple terms, think of an electron as light going round and round a circular path like this O. Now turn the circle sideways like this |. Now move it fast, and the circle looks like a helix, something like this: /\/\/\/\/\/\/\. Moving the electron fast is a bit like stretching a helical string. You can put in more and more KE=½mv² kinetic energy and stretch it straighter and straighter, but you can't stretch it straighter than straight. And when it's almost straight it isn't going round and round any more, it's like it's a photon going straight. At the speed of light. You can't make an electron go faster than light just as you can't make a photon go faster than light. Because you can't make light can't go faster than light.
Because of time dilation, length contraction and the intensification of spacetime curvature. There is a balance between these that guarantees you cannot go faster than light all

########
Rank: 6
Score: 27.224377
Retrieved Text: Here is a thought on our universe. Our universe is set in a dimension we call space-time and define as having four dimensions. General relativity shows that the �shape� of space-time is elastic from one frame to another, depending on relative velocity. You can think of one dimension stretching as the other contracts � more space, less time; more time less space. Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, and as you approach that speed �time dilation� occurs, meaning time slows down, with the effect that the speed of light remains constant with respect to you.
In a universe with only energy and not mass, everything travels at the speed of light. As there is nothing to compare in this universe, let�s set the speed of light at zero. If energy in this universe converts to mass, then mass travels slower than the speed of light. Consider these sub-luminal velocities to be less than zero. If mass travels at increasingly slower sub-luminal velocities, then seen from the perspective of mass, the universe will seem to be expanding, as everything �accelerates� away from it. Also, as time speeds up corresponding to the slowdown, time will seem to have a direction � the arrow of time. Well, that�s what it looks like from our perspective, so maybe that is the universe that we are in. And perhaps we are this side of the speed of light barrier, and �something else� goes the other way, that we cannot perceive - dark energy? I shall leave this for someone else

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.15717
Retrieved Text: This page contains information for making a tax-deductible donation to support MSACL.
MSACL's Mission: To accelerate the implementation of mass spectrometry into the clinical laboratory by educational awareness for the purpose of increasing the quality of patient care and reducing healthcare costs.
Does MSACL have 501c3 non-profit status?
MSACL received 501c3 status in 2009. View 501c3 Document.
How do I take a tax deduction after I make my donation?
Claim your tax deduction on Form 1040, Schedule A when filing your taxes.
MSACL is a 501c3 non-profit organization.
Why should I support MSACL?
Increased use of mass spectrometry in the clinical lab will improve the standard of patient healthcare AND reduce healthcare costs.
Increase the educational reach of MSACL via development of online educational resources (conference and webinar recording, production and publishing).
Support our Travel Grant Program where young researchers and individuals training to lead clinical labs receive financial support for travel, housing and registration to attend the MSACL conference. MSACL currently supports between around 100-150 grants each year, but many more researchers are in need of support.
Support the infrastructure of the organization and reinforce its sustainability.
How will mass spectrometry achieve an improved standard of patient healthcare AND reduce healthcare costs?
It is expected to gradually displace immunoassays for many lab tests. Immunoassays are comparatively more-expensive, less-specific and less-sensitive than mass spectrometry.
Mass spectrometry is the process of using a mass spectrometry to identify the composition of a sample. The sample can be almost anything; some examples are rock, oil, water, or most relevant for MSACL, biological fluids, such as blood.
A mass spectrometer is an analytical instrument that

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.088299
Retrieved Text: Know how travel can affect your blood sugar levels. You may need to adjust your insulin dose for safe travel.
Travel requires extra care. Plan your trip carefully, and consider the physical impact of changes in everything from climate to diet.
The effect of time zone changes on your diurnal pattern: How this affects the timing and dose of your medications or insulin.
Different foods: How this makes carbohydrate counting more challenging.
Change in activity (more or less than normal): How this will it be more or less than normal? And how that will affect your diabetes medication or insulin dose?
Discuss your travel plans with your provider. Go over how you may need to adjust your insulin dose for safe travel.
PLANNING A TRIP? KNOW HOW TRAVEL CAN AFFECT YOUR BLOOD SUGAR LEVELS AND HOW YOU MANAGE YOUR DIABETES.
Emergency contact information: name, telephone numbers, email, etc.
For specific information, contact the Transportation Security Administration at www.tsa.gov. For more information on travel, you can also refer to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
There is no one rule to adjusting insulin when traveling. It depends on the type of insulin you’re taking, the time zone changes and the time of day of the trip. Figure this out well ahead of time with your medical provider.
Self assessment quizzes are available for topics covered in this website. To find out how much you have learned about Travel Tips, take our self assessment quiz when you have completed this section. The quiz is multiple choice. Please choose the single best answer to each question. At the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 26.928547
Retrieved Text: Article Summary: "General relativity explains space-time curvature due to the presence of mass as the cause of gravity. A more detailed explanation as to how the presence of mass causes space-time curvature is here given..."
General relativity explains gravity as space-time curvature due to presence of matter. How the presence of matter curves space-time as gravitational effect is here explained in more causal detail.
This more detailed explanation of gravity is with regard to how matter radiates energy to produce vacuum effect. It considers gravity as a vacuum effect occurring in the wake of emitted radiation created by, say, converting composites of matter and antimatter contained within the space-time medium. The escaping radiation is invisible except that it results in gravitational effect.
How can radiation be invisible?
Radiation can be invisible because it is able to occupy the same space whereas matter cannot. Such invisibility is typical of wave action. Waves can superimpose to produce visible effect only if the medium of the wave action changes in a way it becomes observable. If the total action within a space large enough to be measured is counterbalanced, then no change of the medium need be seen.
Although light is invisible to other light, as having no momentum of mass onto other light, it still has momentum with regard to the presence of mass, and sometimes it even converts to mass by interacting with it. According to special relativity theory, mass in relative motion is relatively greater than mass relatively at rest. If the relative motion is caused by the reflection of light,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 26.824064
Retrieved Text: 2. The Mandela Effect is a good example of time manipulation. Some people who died HAVE been brought back.
You mean time travel in both directions? Also, you mean only observing other time periods, or actually physically participating in those time periods?
Time Travel ain't possible and never will. It's one of those things that will never be possible. If someone proves we live in a simulation, then it could be possible.
Yes, in fact in life it is required, relatively speaking. We all travel though the three dimensions of space and one of time that make up space-time. We always travel through space-time at the speed of light. The faster we travel through space, the slower we travel through time. It we could travel through space at the speed of light (the rate of causality), only then would we not be traveling through time. Which would be rather confusing as everything would be happening at the same time, and then how could we know that two things are casually connected. Anyway, anything with mass, which I seem to have a bit too much of, cannot travel through space at the speed of light, so I guess I am safe for now. Gravity slows time as well so I suppose some of us are slowing our clocks more then others. Of course once we shed these bodies, we will have no mass and perhaps can zip around space at the speed of light, and at least put a stop to time (maybe even surf around in the fifth or

########
Rank: 11
Score: 26.767845
Retrieved Text: What would a rainbow look like if it was raining oil, sulfuric acid or glass instead of water?
What would you see if you were standing at one end of a rainbow?
A small Scottish town decided to build an elevator for boats. It consists of two big containers filled with water that are suspended from the ends of a long rod. This rod is attached in the middle to a motor that can rotate the whole system. A boat enters one of the containers and waits to be lifted. What is the minimum power of the motor for this lift to work?
Small weight of mass m is suspended from the ceiling of a train on a string of length $l$. The weight is hanging a distance $d$ from a wall (see picture). Suppose the train starts to accelerate in the direction perpendicular to the wall. Find a condition on the acceleration such that the weight eventually touches the wall. How long does it take before this happens? Assume that $d$ is less than $ l/5$$.
A hair with a lot of curls can be approximated by a spring (in other words it can be described by the exact same parameters – radius, inclination and material constants). How much longer is the hair if it hangs vertically in a gravitational field compared to the case that it lies horizontally on a table? Assume that the inclination is very small.
Suppose that you are in an elevator when the rope that holds it breaks. Can you save yourself from dying by

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.619041
Retrieved Text: Newton’s Second Law of Motion states that acceleration is produced when a force acts on a mass. The greater the mass of the object, the greater the amount of force needed to accelerate the object. This 4‑H STEM Lab activity uses Hot Wheels cars to explore the concepts of acceleration, mass and force described by Newton. Youth will explore how the weight of a car affects how far it will travel in the air off a jump.
Take your two Hot Wheels cars and select which car will be Car 1 and which will be Car 2. This will help you when recording your data.
Connect the launcher to two pieces of track and the first part of the jump ramp. (An additional segment of track and books can be used to create a ramp).
Launch Car 1 using the first launch setting and mark where the car landed with a piece of masking tape labeled 1-1.
Launch Car 1 using the second launch setting and mark where the car landed with a piece of masking tape labeled 1-2.
Launch Car 1 using the third launch setting and mark where the car landed with a piece of masking tape labeled 1-3.
Finally, launch Car 1 using the fourth launch setting and mark where the car landed with a piece of masking tape labeled 1-4.
Measure the distance from the end of the ramp to each landing mark and record it in the STEM Lab notebook.
Launch Car 2 using the first launch setting and mark where the car landed with a piece of masking

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.573908
Retrieved Text: What is the estimated point value of deferring after winning the coin toss?
In American football, the winner of the coin toss can make a choice now (usually to receive the kick-off which starts the game), or can defer their choice to the second half (thus having the option to receive the kick-off in the second half).
Suppose there were two evenly matched teams, and the halftime score were 17-16. Before evaluating their chances, I would want to know (at least) one more thing.
If the 17-point team had deferred, and was now receiving the ball in the third quarter, I would consider it ahead, both on points and on the "deferred" reception.
But suppose this right belonged to the 16-pointer. Would the deferred reception give them the better chance of winning?
The value of this could be no more than a touchdown, and probably a lot less. It may not even be the value of a field goal.
Are there any estimates or quantifications of the deferred reception privilege, and the "extra" possession privilege that it confers?
Since 2008, the average NFL team scored 11.21 points per half(1). If each team has about 6 possessions per half, that would appear to be 1.86 points per possession(2).
Whether it comes into play or not is another question. By taking the ball to start Q3 you add to the chance that your opponent will get the ball the expected 6 times, but game plan, effectiveness, injuries and turnovers can affect the Time of Possession and actual possessions.
The next question might be: "What percentage of the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.542997
Retrieved Text: This page strives to describe the core elements of the Special Theory of Relativity in easy to understand terms. An understanding of classical mechanics, algebra, and calculus is needed to fully understand what is presented.
in the late 19th century scientists believed that light waves must travel through a medium; similar to sound waves traveling through a medium (such as air).
The name given this medium was Luminiferous Aether, or Aether, or Ether.
The hypothesized Ether would be motionless in space, and the Sun and Earth would be moving through the Ether. A testable consequence of the Ether hypothesis is that the speed of a photon traveling in one direction should differ from the speed of a photon traveling in a perpendicular direction. This speed difference could be used to determine the direction of Earth's motion through the Ether.
In 1887, scientists Michelson and Morley performed an experiment to measure Earth's speed through the Ether, by comparing the speed of light in perpendicular directions.
Their experiment failed to detect the expected difference in the speed of light, which contradicts the Luminiferous Aether hypothesis. The results from this experiment, and similar experiments done by others, led to the theory that the speed of light is constant, regardless of the relative speed of the source of the light.
The Michelson–Morley Experiment has been called 'The Most Famous Failed Experiment in History".
Lorentz and Poincare, derived coordinate system transformations to explain the negative result of the Michelson-Morley experiment. Their work was based on the existence of the Ether.
Interestingly, the Lorentz Transformations are identical to the equations

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.268429
Retrieved Text: What happens to the positrons produced by the nuclear reactions in the core of the Sun?
the balance of gravity inward and gas pressure outward.
Where is the Sun's energy generated?
mostly by radiation but with convection in the outer layers.
decreases outward from the center, but then increases again.
1/4 of the Sun's radius.
can penetrate easily through both the gas of the Sun's interior and the solid Earth.
12. Which part of the Sun is the origin of most of the light we see?
a continuous bright spectrum, crossed by thousands of dark absorption lines.
17. What is a spicule on the Sun?
19. What is the source of the solar wind?
20. Where on the Sun do sunspots occur?
the Sun to the next maximum?
differential rotation and its effect on weak magnetic fields.
24. Solar flares occur at what positions on the solar disk?
25. What appears to be the source of the energy in coronal mass ejections?
Light, leaving a point source, spreads out so that the apparent brightness, b , of light per unit area varies with distance d according to which law ( means "proportional to")?
Suppose that, at night, the brightness of a light bulb is measured from a certain distance and then the light bulb is moved to a distance twice as far away. How bright will the light appear compared to the earlier measurement?
brightness of a star, as seen from Earth.
At what distance are stars assumed to be from Earth when they are represented by their absolute (as opposed to their apparent) magnitude?
the intensity of light from stars through several limited-bandpass filters from

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.263033
Retrieved Text: A horn gun, which uses the wind turbine to generate sound energy. It is converted into electric power by the generator ( enclosed in the silver box) and the converted energy is also stored there. This is so that in situations where there is no wind, the gun can still be used, although limited.
The knobs at the bottom can be pushed or pulled out to control the flow of the wind, which in turn will affect the tone of the horn. (Like a trumpet or a clarinet). In close range, I suppose one could stun the opponent with sound.
The entire body of the gun is made out of the Ohmu’s glass, so it’s really strong and light. Very useful for scouts and sentries who need to be mobile and travel light. The wood part just protects the Ohmu barrel and holds the metal parts in place.
The two metal loops at the bottom are where the gun strap would be attached.
Here is my gun concept for the St. Patrick’s Day Holiday Pack for Team Fortress 2.
School’s started for about a month now! And it’s been a challenge so far! I also just came home from Japan which means I have alot of catch up on in terms of classes and assignments.
But I didn’t want to leave this blog inactive for too long so I decided to drop in a few art pieces.
You are currently viewing the archives for March, 2012 at Clarabelle Chong.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.982948
Retrieved Text: Choosing blinds for the windows in your home is unfortunately not quite as straightforward as it may seem.
There are many different styles of blind to choose from, and each has its own advantages and disadvantages.
Before you start looking at types of blinds, take some time to ask yourself a few questions and consider the specifics involved. You will need to consider issues such as why you want a blind rather than curtains, what protection the blind should offer, how easy it needs to be to operate, and what material and colour you want.
Once you have considered these factors, take a look at the different styles of blind available.
Roller blinds - Roller blinds are a single sheet of material that lies flat against the window. They roll up to let in a maximum amount of light.
Venetian blinds - Venetian blinds are made from horizontal aluminium slats that go across the window. The angle can be varied to let more or less light in.
Wood Venetian blinds - These are the same as Venetian but made from wood slats.
Vertical blinds - Vertical blinds come in a variety of materials, from fabric to PVC and wood effect, and are stiffened so they keep the shape. The vertical slits are controlled to let light in and the whole blind can also be pulled to the side.
Roman blinds - Roman blinds fit flat across the width of the window and are pulled up into folds to let the light in.
Pleated blinds - These are made from fabric that is pleated as it

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.96812
Retrieved Text: In this numerical simulation we examine the same nebula cloud with the mass of 50 Suns and a diameter of 1 light year that is examined in a brief of an article below and compare results.
The findings are the result of computer simulations led by Matthew Bate of the University of Exeter and which were presented in early April at the UK National Astronomy Meeting.
The simulation followed the collapse of an interstellar gas cloud more than 1 light-year in diameter and containing a mass of gas and dust equal to 50 Suns. The end result, after 266,000 years, was the formation of a cluster of stars typical to our galaxy.
Yet of the 50 objects that were formed, only about half became stars. The rest were gravitationally ejected from the central cluster before they gathered enough mass to trigger thermonuclear fusion, the fusing of hydrogen into helium that powers a real star.
The ostracized failures are considered brown dwarfs.
Here we examine the step by step process of nebula cloud condensation and the hydrostatic relationship between the reduction radius, increase of pressure within the spherical nebula cloud and does gravitational acceleration factor in to provide an equilibrium.
Breaking the equation down to a simplified set of steps where the radius is reduced by a factor of 10 from the initial 1 light year diameter, a pattern emerges. Pressure within the cloud has a mean increase at a factor of 1000 times the initial, but the initial stellar mass (50 times that of our Sun) now compressed into a cloud with

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.774939
Retrieved Text: Ryanair announced it will cancel hundreds of thousands of bookings through to mid-March in an attempt to solve its cancellations nightmare.
The budget airline plans to ground 25 of its 400 aeroplanes as it reduces its winter flight offerings to slow its growth.
This next round of cancellations will affect 400,000 bookings, starting in mid-November.
The company hopes to slow its growth to "eliminate all risk of further flight cancellations".
In April, ten planes will be pulled as part of the plan.
Ryanair said that the cancellations will impact less than one flight per day on average and less than one per cent of its customers. A spokesman added that many flights had zero bookings.
The company said affected passengers will be notified by email from five weeks to five months in advance, The Mirror reported.
The airline has offered full refunds and a 40 euro (80 euro return) travel voucher. This will allow customers to book a flight between October and March.
The previous rounds of cancellations have impacted 315,000 customers and were prompted by a miscalculation of pilot leave.
The grounded flights will allow the company to let pilots take leave from October to December and start the new year without a backlog of leave.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.764875
Retrieved Text: Alright, for those of you who don’t know it yet, I am one of that merry group of people who love to read away messages. It just so happens that one of my classmates from UConn had an away message up today describing how Einstein’s Theory was a means that transformed the theoretical concept of time-travel into a reality. I disagreed, so naturally I had to take issue with it. Theoretical physics debates inspire great things within the brain of Sir Justin, so I decided to blog about it. What I have to say may not be revolutionary, and somebody else out there has probably already figured this one out, but I have decided of my own accord that light does not move at the speed of light! Yes, I know it sounds ludicrous on the surface, but at least I have your attention now, so hear me out.
A result of the Theory of Relativity results in time dilation: Einstein theorized that it was impossible for any matter to move at the speed of light. As any particle(s) approach the speed of light two things occur: the particle(s) increase in mass exponentially, and they slow down in time compared to the surrounding space. Once they reach the speed of light, time stops for them all together.
This means, that given any object of matter with mass, as it approaches the speed of light, it also approaches infinite mass. In order to move this infinite mass up to the speed of light, an infinite amount of energy is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.760706
Retrieved Text: river doing the river thing again.....grasping at straws.
ABSTRACT Different explanations for the Sagnac effect are discussed. It is shown that this effect is a consequence of the relativistic law of velocity composition and that it can also be explained adequately within the framework of general relativity. When certain restrictions on the rotational velocity are imposed, the Sagnac effect can be attributed to the difference in the time dilation (or phase change) of material particle wave functions in the scalar (or correspondingly vector) gravitational potential of the inertial forces in a rotating reference system for counterpropagating waves. It is also shown that all the nonrelativistic interpretations of the Sagnac effect, which are unfortunately sometimes found in scientific papers, monographs and textbooks, are wrong in principle, even though the results they yield are accurate up to relativistic corrections in some special cases.
Don't worry river, it's always nice to see you and wearing your anti establishment heart on your sleeve.
Brings a tear to one's eye and a lump to one's throat.
When certain restrictions on the rotational velocity are imposed the Sagnac effect can be attributed to the difference in the time dilation (or phase change) of material particle wave functions in the scalar (or correspondingly vector) gravitational potential of the inertial forces in a rotating reference system for counterpropagating waves.
Can be ....but in reality are they ?
You are making the claim...The onus is on you to show they do not.
In other words, please show us an experiment which conclusively shows that the speed of light is not constant.
No, there

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.72344
Retrieved Text: Well, I suppose that's one possible "explanation." Out of like, fifty. This has been discussed on here many times.
Probably the biggest false assumption with this is that all aliens are similar. ATS member humanoidlord has demonstrated that they definitely are not.
If the Time Machine from the future went back in time, there would only be one result. BOOM.
The components that a Time Machine from the future would be constructed with would not exist in the past.
Take every possible future; there would be at least one timestream where we did create a time machine.
Its possible us in the future saw the "end of time" and came back to warn us in the past of the futility of human progress.
Or the AI singularity - where the "machines" rule the world.
I started making posts on this topic several months ago, and before that I'd rarely seen this topic discussed by anyone, so I hardly think it's a typical or simplistic explanation, it should be an obvious explanation but clearly not. Also it seems to me like the vast majority of people who claim to have been aboard a UFO describe the occupants as humanoid, and the people who describe something stranger are usually much less believable overall. If they came from another star system you have to explain how they found us in this massive galaxy, and also why they never make contact with us. People like to say "well we are just primitive apes, why would they want to interact with us". That to me is the typical,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.719833
Retrieved Text: with the Freedom to Zip around at Will.
and Splits It into Two Independent Machines,One for Each Foot!
Much More Interesting than Roller Skates.
Free Free to Take X1 to Anywhere.
Remark: The range is measured at the temperature of 25℃, about 10km/h, the payload of 60 kg and flat pavement. The factorslike driving habit, environmental temperature, road surface condition, payload etc. will affect the continuous travel mileage.
Power display: In standby state, when the LED light is all green, it is full power; when the LED light is all yellow, the power isless than 30%; when the LED light is all red, the power is less than 10%.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.661793
Retrieved Text: The year was 1687 AD.
Together, The “Laws of Motion” along with “The Law of Gravitation”, formed the basis of Newtonian Physics (Newton’s Physics) or Classical Mechanics.
The Newtonian Physics seemed to have absolutely no flaw at all and it was assumed that no one in the future of humanity will ever be able to find a flaw in this theory no matter what.
This was the “Godly” reputation that Newton made for himself in the entire physics/science community for years, that followed even after his death.
In 1905, A third class employee at the Swiss Patent Office, Published a Controversial theory. This theory not just only demolished the basis of “Newtonian Mechanics” completely but it also revolutionized our entire understanding of Physics and the way we see the universe today!
Now that’s what you call an achievement. Isn’t it?
But unlike Newton, this guy’s life was actually, a complete failure.
Due to his poor grades in school and unacceptable attitude towards the whole Education System, his teachers told his parents that it’s worthless to have any sort of faith on him as he won’t get successful at anything in life, no matter what.
After a long series of failures ( poor grades, not getting admissions in desired colleges, getting rejected for any sort of jobs etc.) he finally managed to get hired as a “third-class clerk” at Swizz patent office.
After this, he went on to become one of the greatest geniuses to walk on the surface of earth ever.
Suppose you have a twin brother.
Let’s say both of you are offered a trip to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.431923
Retrieved Text: Our Waffle Hair Towel & Face Mitt Silver is a must-have addition to your bathroom.
Featuring a classic woven waffle texture, this set is made from the finest grade combed cotton using a double yarn construction, which allows for greater absorbency and less shedding due to the even twisting of the yarns.
Gentle on the hair and skin, this set is ideal for everyday use at home, and perfect to use as a lightweight travel set.
Wash prior to first use. Launder whites, colours and prints separately. Warm machine wash (40c). Do not rub, soak or wring. Do not bleach. Line dry in shade or tumble dry warm. Do not iron. Do not dry clean (x). To maintain optimum performance of this towel, we recommend that you avoid using fabric softeners, as they decrease the towel's absorbency. If you have a pulled thread, do not pull it. Simply snip off the loop with sharp scissors. Trimming a pulled thread will avoid further pulling & will not affect the durability or performance of your towel. It is quite normal for a cotton towel to lint or fluff in the few initial washes. This will diminish with subsequent washes & tumble drying. Remember to clean out the filters of your washing machine & tumble dryer..

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.368376
Retrieved Text: How does applying a rebalance update affect my returns?
Applying a rebalance update doesn't affect your total returns. Your total returns before and after rebalance remains the same. Let’s understand it with a very simple example.
Suppose you invested Rs 100 in Stock A. After 3 months the value of your investment increased to Rs 120. This is how your P&L summary will look.
Now you decide to sell Stock A and Buy Stock B. You will get Rs 120 when you sell Stock A. At this point Rs 20 moves from your current returns to realized returns. But the the total return which is the summation of realized and current returns, remains the same. This is how your performance summary will look like once you complete the transaction.
The same would happen when you rebalance your smallcase. You sell few stocks and buy few stocks, but your total returns more or less remains the same.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.240023
Retrieved Text: Does momentum have a force carrier?
Science vs. myth: What if we could travel faster than the speed of light?
how to find mass and weight of an object?
A Device that Measures the Total Application of Force?
Not sure if this is the right section, but i have a conversion question.
What is Areal Poisson's Ratio?
Black Hole at near-light speed?
Question about solution to the Dirac equation?
What materials block infrasound and ultrasound at frequencies that r typically used for DEWs?
String Theory and The Relativity Theory : Who Can Explain That to Me ?
Yet another question of clarification, this time; quantum particles!
What Effect do the Van Allen Belts Have on Geosynchronous Satellites?
Acceleration of Nuclear Decay by Low Frequency EM Field - Possible?
Why can't we walk through other dimensions?
Which came first, space or time?
speed of light not constant?
How does a space shuttle go straight up?
An Explaination Needed: Charges, Fields, Potentials etc.
Winding a Solenoid in layers. How to calculate number of layers?
[Question] How much methane would it take to lift 1lb?
Gravitational waves from black hole births?
Does our planet orbit the sun the same way the ISS and other satellites orbit our planet?
Time... How the phrick does it work?!
Is the Big Bang necessarily the absolute 'beginning' of everything?
What is the limit for the charge of a charged black hole and how is it calculated?
Let me know what is the 5th dimention of this universe?
HELP - I am getting Totall Lost - Gravity from a Single Object.
Could the Universe be expanding into a singularity?
Confirmation of a "homemade" equation?
History: Positive & Negative electric charge?
In relativistic interstellar travel,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.080734
Retrieved Text: Bible should be interpreted as set of guidlines for better living, individualy and as a member of a community. Old testament is a set of guidelines for physical wellbeing and New testament intended for psycological well being and coegsistance. If you take it's words as absolute infalability then how do you explain 'God created the world in six days"? The question is What day? How long is that Day. I would say it's importance is that God have his fingers in creation, not that He said it and thats it. Creation is still ongoing, it started at Big Bang and it will end at the end of the whole universe. The earth is changing, there is less volcanoes, continental shells are moving, stars are moving away from each other and burning out. I say that science and bible are not contradictory, only that science will prove the Bible as the truth, only science is lagging in many aspects. Consider the ritual water washing before entering the sinagogue. The science proved that we have to keep cleaning ourselfs from bacteria and viruses. Prayers direct rythm of breathing, Lately there are a lot of proofs about effect of breathing to fight mental deppression. Now lets consider Big Bang as an explosion. Explosion consist of extreme widening of a small compact material. So in the begining there was a small ball of matter, enormeously smal, let's say a mile size ball of matter. Recent proff of Einstain's theory of relativity on atomic level shows how it happened. 5% of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.016596
Retrieved Text: i suppose i've always been afraid of the dark.
i've heard stories of how i would wake up countless times at night, find myself alone in my dark room, and creep to her side of the bed, asking her to tuck me back in safe and sound.
as a teenager, i fell asleep to the sound light glowing from a muted television. in college, i left the light in my closet turned on and pulled the door almost closed so the light will gently spill out on the floor. when i finally got a place of my own, i strategically put lamps and night lights in every room. illuminating my path in the still of the night. even tonight, i have a light on in each bathroom. and a night light in my daughter's room.
i'm thinking a lot about darkness tonight.
darkness is merely the absence of light.
and it manifests in many different ways.
an overreaction to something that threatens you.
a glance in the direction of temptation that lasts just bit longer than intended.
impatience that leads to intolerance.
a seemingly innocent prayer request that quickly turns to gossip.
pushing our own way without considering His will.
darkness lurks at every turn.
desiring to drown out the light.
there is spiritual battle happening all around us.
darkness will always seek to rob us of our Light.
for darkness knows that it can not exist in the presence of Light.
sometimes i get so focused on the moment. the situation at hand.
the very thing that stands in the shadow of Light.
i lose sight. i stumble in the darkness.
this world is

================



======= Instance Index 21 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Prophase, the chromosomes become visible
- Centrioles separate to move to opposite poles
- Metaphase, the chromosomes line up in the center
- Anaphase, the chromatids separate
- Are pulled apart
- Telophase, the chromosomes gather at opposite poles
- Two new nuclear membranes form
- The cell membranes pinch
- Divide into two individual cells
- 

Question:
suppose zygote is miscarried happens, how will it affect HELPING mitosis to proceed normally.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.314487
Retrieved Text: Download "Rhizarians. Forams. Radiolarians. Cercozoans"
14 Figure 29.3 Exploring Derived Traits of Plants Charophyte algae lack the key traits of plants described in this figure: alternation of generations; multicellular, dependent embryos; walled spores produced in sporangia; multicellular gametangia; and apical meristems. This suggests that these traits were absent in the ancestor common to plants and charophytes but instead evolved as derived traits of plants. Not every plant exhibits all of these traits; certain lineages of plants have lost some traits over time. Alternation of Generations The life cycles of all plants alternate between two generations of distinct multicellular organisms: gametophytes and sporophytes. As shown in the diagram below (using a fern as an example), each generation gives rise to the other, a process that is called alternation of generations. This type of reproductive cycle evolved in various groups of algae but does not occur in the charophytes, the algae most closely related to plants. Take care not to confuse the alternation of generations in plants with the haploid and diploid stages in the life cycles of other sexually reproducing organisms (see Figure 13.6). Alternation of generations is distinguished by the fact that the life cycle Mitosis n Alternation of generations: five generalized steps 5 The spores develop into multicellular haploid gametophytes. n MEIOSIS 1 The gametophyte produces haploid gametes by mitosis. Gametophyte (n) Spore includes both multicellular haploid organisms and multicellular diploid organisms. The multicellular haploid gametophyte ( gamete-producing plant ) is named for its production by mitosis of haploid gametes eggs and sperm that fuse during

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.00898
Retrieved Text: Cell division the most interesting subject matter deals with the distribution of all same or identical genetic material like DNA to get involve with two daughter cells. The most remarkable feature is the fidelity through which the DNA is passed from one generation to the next without any dilution or error.
You can enrich your knowledge on cell division by going through cell division: mitosis and meiosis homework help.
Want to get an idea of the core concept?
It is universally true that all organisms are made of cells and they arise from all the preexisting cells.
New cells are generated through mitosis.
On the other hand, meiosis is the process in which the gametes are developed for reproduction.
The life cycle of a cell presents the entire phases during the life of a cell.
The S phase or the DNA replication must proceed beyond mitosis so that the daughter calls can get the same kind of compliment of chromosomes like the parent cells.
The mitosis and S phase are separated by the gap phases.
Mitosis is the process by which the copied chromosomes are separated into separate cells.
The irregularity in cell division can cause cancer.
Mitosis and DNA replication takes place when the cell cycle checkpoints work normally.
Isn’t the topic very interesting? Do you want to learn more? The easiest way to build up your concept is by going through cell division: mitosis and meiosis assignment help. We, at myhomeworkhelp.com are sincerely working together with exceptionally brilliant experts to provide you with the best eve support.
If you want to understand the basic concept of genetics

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.322067
Retrieved Text: A Zygote (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Zygote) – is the immediate post-fertilisation product.
In single-celled animals the zygote2 may constitute the entire animal.
In humans, the zygote develops by division until it implants as the embryo3 (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Embryo). Until then it is called a proembryo (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Proembryo); a morula (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Morula) after 4 divisions – 16 blastomeres – and a blastocyst (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Blastocyst) by the 5th day. The implanted embryo is called a fetus (Wikipedia: Wikipedia: Fetus) after 11 weeks.
In the philosophy of personal identity, the question arises when the human being4 or the human person5 arises. Additionally – and relatedly – was I6 ever a zygote (or an embryo7, or a fetus8).
Most philosophers agree that a zygote isn’t a person9, because it does not possess the appropriate psychological attributes.
Many philosophers contend that a human zygote isn’t a human being10 either – in that it hasn’t the appropriate set of organs.
Twinning11: is a special case of fission12. Why should the zygote be numerically identical to one – rather than the other – of a pair of monozygotic twins? Modal13 considerations apply if I am in fact not a monozygotic twin.
Difference over the definition – or maybe ontological category – of “person14”. Some philosophers insist that an individual can be a person on account of its expected future capacities, or actual or once anticipated past capacities, irrespective of its present capacities.
For a page of Links15 to this Note, Click here.
"Tacelli (Ronald) - Were You a Zygote?", Tacelli, 2006.
I once had “necessarily asexually-reproducing” here.
The Wikipedia entry has it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.800562
Retrieved Text: Stem cells are cells with incredible properties that set them apart from other types of cells. They are early stage cells that can remain and duplicate as stem cells, or they can transform into any other type of cell as they develop. For instance, a stem cell can become a lung cell, heart cell or even a brain cell.
Stem cells basically function in two different ways. Most commonly they function as undifferentiated cells (meaning they can become other types of cells) through a process of cell division. They can also be induced to become a specific type of cell through conditions like experimentation.
That’s a key reason why they have become such a significant breakthrough in modern medicine.
Multi-celled organisms like plants and human beings are classified as eukaryotes. A single-celled organism, like bacteria, is classified as prokaryote.
A eukaryote originates from a single stem cell that differentiates into a multi-celled organism like a plant or a human being. The sperm of man fertilizes the egg of the woman in the womb. The fertilized egg results in a zygote.
The zygote is composed of one stem cell. The reason is that the zygote contains 46 chromosomes, the number of chromosomes that make a human being. The father contributes 23 chromosomes via the sperm; the mother contributes 23 chromosomes via the egg. Differentiation is demonstrated by fetal development. Let’s trace the path of differentiation. This zygote differentiates and results in an embryo, which differentiates into a fetus, which it turn differentiates into a full term which is ultimately delivered as a

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.292631
Retrieved Text: An embryo (irregularly from Greek: ἔμβρυον, plural ἔμβρυα, lit. "that which grows," from en- "in" + bryein "to swell, be full"; the proper Latinate form would be embryum) is a multicellular diploid eukaryote in its earliest stage of development, from the time of first cell division until birth or hatching. In humans, it is called an embryo from the moment of implantation until the end of the 8th week, whereafter it is instead called a fetus.
In organisms that reproduce sexually, once a sperm fertilizes an egg cell, the result is a cell called the zygote that has all the DNA of two parents. In plants, animals, and some protists, the zygote will begin to divide by mitosis to produce a multicellular organism. The term embryo refers to the early stages of this development, after the zygote has divided at least once, but before the process has completed to produce a new individual.
During gastrulation the cells of the blastula undergo coordinated processes of cell division, invasion, and/or migration to form two (diploblastic) or three (triploblastic) tissue layers. In triploblastic organisms, the three germ layers are called endoderm, ectoderm and mesoderm. However, the position and arrangement of the germ layers are highly species-specific, depending on the type of embryo produced. In vertebrates, a special population of embryonic cells called the neural crest has been proposed as a "fourth germ layer", and is thought to have been an important novelty in the evolution of head structures.
During organogenesis, molecular and cellular interactions between germ layers, combined with the cells' developmental

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.045572
Retrieved Text: IVF( In Vitro Fertilization) –In vitro is Latin for ‘ In Glass’. In this process the ovum are picked up from the mother (wife) by laparoscopy. Sperm from the father (husband) is also collected. The two are mixed together in a Petri dish. We wait for about 48 hours after which the ovum are usually fertilized into a single cell called the zygote. The zygote undergoes a number of cell divisions (mitosis) and transforms into a blastocyst. Then 2-3 healthy blastocyst are transferred into the mother’s uterus. Since the process of fertilization takes place in the Petri dish and not in the Fallopian tube where it normally occurs, the procedure gets its name In Vitro Fertilization. IVF is usually performed on women who suffer form unilateral (one sided) or bilateral (two sided) tubal block.
The Long dream of our inferlity team with Dr. Parveen Fatima, the team leader and the pioneer in the field of Assisted Reproductive Technology & the implementer of the test tube babies of Bangladesh "HEERA, MONI, MUKTA" in the year 2001, the first ICSI baby "PERSA" in the year 2001 and the first frozen Embryo baby "SOHRAB" in 2007 is happy to announce the starting of an one stop inferlity services located at 2/1-A Iqbal Road, Mohammadpur, Dhaka-1207. With the completion of the 11 stored hospital building having modern and sopisticated medical equipment the tertiary hospital has building has began its operation in 2008. With capacity of 150 beds CARe Hospital has replaced CARe IVF at Shyamoli and CARe Hospital at Lalmatia has

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.873463
Retrieved Text: Mitosis is the process of cell division that enables organisms to maintain cell populations and grow. All chromosomes duplicate themselves prior to cell division, followed by partitioning of these exact copies into daughter cells. In the image to the right, two sets of chromosomes are going through mitosis.
In contrast, meiosis is a two-part cell division process which results in reproductive cells (eggs and sperm) with one-half the number of chromosomes of the parent cell.
In males, the process results in four equal gametes with one chromosome each (sperm cells—not shown). In females, each ovum is produced by two chromosome divisions, called the first and second meitic divisions, and the parent cell's cytoplasm and organelles end up in one gamete.
When a haploid sperm cell fertilizes a haploid ovum, a diploid zygote is formed, with one set of chromosomes donated from each parent.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.585346
Retrieved Text: In Eukaryotic Cells, Chromosomes Are Composed Of _____.
How is plant cell cytokinesis different from animal cell cytokinesis Plant cells deposit vesicles containing cell-wall building blocks on the metaphase plate; animal cells form a cleavage furrow.
The beginning of anaphase is indicated by which of the following? Cohesin is cleaved enzymatically.
What happens if MPF (mitosis-promoting factor) is introduced into immature frog oocytes that are arrested in G2? The cells enter mitosis.
Once a cell completes mitosis, molecular division triggers must be turned off. What happens to MPF during mitosis? The cyclin component of MPF is degraded.
Density-dependent inhibition is explained by which of the following? As cells become more numerous, the cell surface proteins of one cell contact the adjoining cells and they stop dividing.
A research team began a study of a cultured cell line. Their preliminary observations showed them that the cell line did not exhibit either density-dependent inhibition or anchorage dependence. What could they conclude right away? The cells show characteristics of tumors.
For a chemotherapeutic drug to be useful for treating cancer cells, which of the following is most desirable? It interferes with rapidly dividing cells.
Cells from advanced malignant tumors often have very abnormal chromosomes and an abnormal number of chromosomes. What might explain the association between malignant tumors and chromosomal abnormalities? Cell cycle checkpoints are not in place to stop cells with chromosome abnormalities.
Exposure of zebrafish nuclei to meiotic cytosol resulted in phosphorylation of NEP55 and L68 proteins by cyclin-dependent kinase 2. NEP55 is a protein of the inner nuclear membrane, and L68 is a protein of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.043325
Retrieved Text: die „Reduktionsteilung“ beginnt im Diplonten mit einer eigenartigen Zelle [...], deren Nachkommen, die „Haploten“ [...] auf die ursprüngliche Chromosomenzahl herabgesetzt sind, und wiederum ein einfaches Lebewesen, den „Haplonten“ [...] durch neue Zellenteilungen erzeugen.
From this organism [the haplont] arise the gametes by ordinary mitosis; and by their union is produced the zygote from which arises a diploid, asexual spore-producing diplont (in plants the sporophyte), thus completing the life-cycle.
1: The diploid stage of a life cycle; diplophase, 2: An organism having a life cycle in which the direct products of meiosis act as gametes; only the gametes of diplonts are haploid; cf. haplont.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.768929
Retrieved Text: A spindle poison, also known as a spindle toxin, is a poison that disrupts cell division by affecting the protein threads that connect the centromere regions of chromosomes, known as spindles. Spindle poisons effectively cease the production of new cells by interrupting the mitosis phase of cell division at the spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC). Unfortunately, spindle poisons, as numerous and varied as they are, still are yet to be 100% effective at ending the formation of tumors (neoplasms). Although not 100% effective, substantive therapeutic efficacy has been found in these types of chemotherapeutic treatments. The mitotic spindle is composed of microtubules (polymerized tubulin) that aid, along with regulatory proteins; each other in the activity of appropriately segregating replicated chromosomes. Certain compounds affecting the mitotic spindle have proven highly effective against solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Two specific families of antimitotic agents, vinca alkaloids and taxanes, interrupt the cell’s division by the agitation of microtubule dynamics. The vinca alkaloids work by causing the inhibition of the polymerization of tubulin into microtubules, resulting in the G2/M arrest within the cell cycle and eventually cell death. In contrast, the taxanes arrest the mitotic cell cycle by stabilizing microtubules against depolymerization. Even though numerous other spindle proteins exist that could be the target of novel chemotherapeutics, tubulin-binding agents are the only types in clinical use. Agents that affect the motor proteinkinesin are beginning to enter clinical trials. Another type, Paclitaxel, acts by attaching to tubulin within existing microtubules. Next, it stabilizes the polymer.
Normally, cells duplicate their genetic material and then

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.714842
Retrieved Text: Why don’t cyanobacteria and bacteria reproduce by mitosis?
Damaged cells of an organism are usually ___ by mitosis.
All the chromosomes in a diploid cell are paired.
How many chromosomes are produced by the first division during meiosis?
Which statement(s) correspond(s) correctly to a mutation?
The kind of cell division associated with an increase in size and weight of an organism is called ___.
Gametes have ___ the chromosome number of the parent cell.
Chromosomes are attached to the ___ during the metaphase of mitosis.
The spindle apparatus disintegrates during the ___ of mitosis.
-Plant cells divide by means of a cell plate.
How does mitosis in animal cells differ from mitosis in higher plant cells?
Occasionally asexual reproduction can cause undesirable proliferation of an organism.
Nearly all plants can be reproduced asexually.
The new plant produced by the technique of layering must remain attached to the stem of the original plant.
A successful scion will produce the product of the rootstock with greater quality.
The technique of asexual reproduction most commonly used in the production of fruit trees is ___.
The vigor of a rootstock is usually ___ than that of the root system produced by the scion.
Asexual reproduction is most common in plants growing in ___ climates.
An elongated, horizontal stem that grows at the surface of the ground or just below it is called a rhizome.
Animals have more mechanisms for asexual reproduction than plants.
The stock is inserted into the scion during grafting.
The most commonly used method of asexual reproduction used in gardening is the cutting.
Root cuttings are more commonly used than stem cuttings.
A ___ is a plant structure with enlarged

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.367014
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Growing Marijuana Indoors' started by bigtee212, Apr 12, 2006.
I was wondering if anyone has had any experience with northern lights and what the odor is like if you have it inside.
Also I Planted a few random seeds in a few party cups. Well one sprouted nice that i know to be northern lights, also 2 more sprouted that I think just came from random seeds, but one of them has 2 identical looking plants coming out of it about 2 inches apart. I was just wondering if with marijuana seeds two plants ever grow from one seed, or did i jsut mess up somehow.
I hope you only put one seed per cup. I have seen two plants come from one seed; it is like identical twins, the zygote splits during mitosis. Northern lights is a great strain to smoke, very easy to grow, and does not smell all that strong while growing.
if you think it is too tall with little leaves, then it is probably stretching. try to move your lighting closer to it.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.36725
Retrieved Text: Reproductive Isolation & Speciation Guided Viewing - AP Environmental Science!
1)What happened with Diane Dodd and the fruit flies? How did she create reproductive isolation? Diane Dod took a group of fruit flies and fed them, creating reproductive isolation.
2) What is the definition a species? Species are a group of individual that can interbreed and create fertile offspring.
3) What are the two main types of barriers in reproductive isolation? Physical and pre/post-zygotic.
4) What is gene flow? What is reproductive isolation? Is when the gene within a population are not able to mix.Reproductive isolation is a population not being able to reproduce with rest of the population due to barriers.
5) What is geographic isolation? (Give an example). When there is isolation in the population due to where they exist. Ulmis Pulima is an example because it cannot breed entirely due from the separation by the Great Wall of China.
6) What is allopatric speciation? (Give an example). 2 groups that have different lands. An example would be the meta-lark.
7) What is sympatric speciation? (Give an example). Something just within that population 2 species living together . An example would be in plants.
8) What is peripatric/parapatric speciation? (Give an example). Peripatric/parapatric selection is when 2 groups of a population move to another place and start breeding. An example would be the "forest" elephant that is different to the African elephant.
9) What are pre-zygotic barriers? Name the types of pre-zygotic barriers (Explain each). Pre-zygotic barrier are barriers formed before a zygote is formed. Temporal is a breeding species that breed at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.294952
Retrieved Text: The cell cycle is the process a cell will go through to replicate all of its material and divide itself from one cell into two identical cells. While this is commonly known as Mitosis, in fact Mitosis is just one stage of the cell cycle. In this article, we will look at the different stages of the cell cycle and what happens in each stage. We will also consider the regulation of the cell cycle, and look at some examples of when this goes wrong.
The Cell Cycle is a 4-stage process consisting of Gap 1 (G1), Synthesis, Gap 2 (G2) and Mitosis. An active eukaryotic cell will undergo these steps as it grows and divides. After completing the cycle, the cell either starts the process again from G1 or exits the cycle through G0. From G0, the cell can undergo terminal differentiation.
Fig 1.0 – Diagram showing the stages of the cell cycle.
Cytokinesis is the process of the parent cell becoming 2 daughter cells. These daughter cells contain identical genetic information. Cytokinesis also involves a division of the cytoplasm. It is considered a separate step to mitosis.
The stages in the cell cycle between one mitosis and the next, which includes G1, S and G2, is known as interphase.
Further details on the process of mitosis can be found here.
The progression of cells through the cell cycle is controlled by checkpoints at different stages. These detect if a cell contains damaged DNA and ensure those cells do not replicate. The Restriction point (R) is located at G1 and is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.062977
Retrieved Text: The Cell Cycle & Mitosis. Chapter 5. 5.1 – The Cell Cycle. Key Concept: Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions. When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?.
Cells have distinct phases of growth, reproduction, and normal functions.
When a living thing grows, what happens to its cells?
Does an animal get larger because each cell increases in size or because it produces more of them?
What are some things that all cells in your body must have?
The cell cycle has 4 main stages.
The cell cycle is a regular pattern of growth, DNA replication, and cell division.
The main stages of the cell cycle are: Gap 1, Synthesis, Gap 2, & Mitosis.
Mitosis occurs only if the cell is large enough and the DNA undamaged.
Cells divide at different rates.
The rate of cell division varies with the need for that type of cell.
Cell volume increases faster than surface area.
Cells need to stay small to allow diffusion and osmosis to work efficiently.
Surface area must allow for adequate exchange of materials.
Cells divide during mitosis and cytokinesisinto two new daughter cells.
Chromosomes condense at the start of mitosis.
Chromosomes: carry genetic information (DNA) that is passed from one generation of cells to the next.
DNA wraps around proteins (histones) that condense it.
DNA plus proteins (histones) is called chromatin.
Sister chromatids are held together at the centromere.
Mitosis and cytokinesis produce two genetically identical daughter cells.
Interphase prepares the cell to divide.
Chromosomes condense, spindle fibers form, and the nuclear membrane disappears.
Mitosis divides the cell’s nucleus in four phases.
Chromosomes line up across the middle of the cell.
Sister chromatids

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.014576
Retrieved Text: Short Video on The Cell Cycle!
Your life began when a sperm, Verne the Sperm, met the love of his life, Meg the Egg!
The sperm gave the egg a package that was full of DNA.
You started out as a tiny, humble single cell called a zygote. From that single cell, you grew to the wonderful person you are today!
IN YOUR BODY... Millions of cells divide every second.
​ Your body has ~100 trillion cells.
That single cell, became you with your 100 trillion cells! That is a lot of cell division!
​This type of cell division is called MITOSIS.
Mitosis is Divided Into 4 Parts. Think... Paco Made A Taco!
1) Prophase - The "P" in Paco, stands for Prophase!
2) Metaphase - The "M" in Made, stands for Metaphase!
3) Anaphase - The "A" in the phrase Paco Made A Taco, stands for Anaphase!
4) Telophase - The "T" in Taco, stands for Anaphase!
Mitosis is only one small part (~10%) of the whole cell cycle.
​The rest of the cell cycle is called INTERPHASE.
Why do cells undergo mitosis in the first place?
Just like mitosis is subdivided into its 4 different parts (Prophase, Metaphase, Anaphase and Telophase), Interphase also has subdivision! Interphase is made up of the 3 parts, G1, S-Phase and G2!
G1 is also known as Gap 1.
G1, Is where the cell cycle BEGINS! It is a period of rapid growth of the cell. It duplicates its organelles and proteins to get ready for the next steps of the cell cycle!
S-Phase is also known as Synthesis.
S-Phase, is where the genetic material gets duplicated or copied.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 25.736332
Retrieved Text: Although the cell cycle duration may vary significantly, the duration of mitosis is often short and rather consistent. Different stimuli, including chemicals and other environmental factors, may affect the mitosis duration. Based on cell morphology, the duration of mitosis for individual cells can be determined.
The HoloMonitor cell tracking tool allows determination of the mitosis duration time. Each colored line corresponds to one mitotic cell. The graph on the top shows controls, while the graph below shows cells treated with a cytostatic agent. The treatment clearly prolonged the mitosis duration.
Time-lapse images and videos visualizing the various morphological changes cells undergo during mitosis.
Total mitosis time for each individual cell.
Graphs and data showing when each cell was in mitosis.
Assessment of mitosis duration can be complemented with other analyses like cell proliferation, cell motility and migration and/or evaluation of morphological parameters.
Cell division studied with holography. From the first rounding up of the cell to completed cytokinesis is approximately 4 hours.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 25.3994
Retrieved Text: Young to old. A life cycle?
Not in the biological sense. Life cycles describe the amount of DNA present at a specific stage or time in the life of an organism. Is there a haploid or diploid amount of DNA? That is the key question.
Sexual reproduction occurs in a cycle. Diploid parents produce haploid gametes that unite and develop into diploid adults, which repeat the cycle. This series of life stages and events that a sexually reproducing organism goes through is called its life cycle. Sexually reproducing organisms can have different types of life cycles. Three are represented in Figure below and described following sections.
Life cycles can vary in sexually reproducing organisms. Three types of sexual life cycles are shown here. Do you see how they differ? The letter n indicates haploid stages of the life cycles, and 2n indicates diploid stages.
The haploid life cycle is the simplest life cycle. It is found in many single-celled eukaryotic organisms. Organisms with a haploid life cycle spend the majority of their lives as haploid gametes. When the haploid gametes fuse, they form a diploid zygote. It quickly undergoes meiosis to produce more haploid gametes that repeat the life cycle.
Plants, algae, and some protists have a life cycle that alternates between diploid and haploid phases, known as alternation of generations. In plants, the life cycle alternates between the diploid sporophyte and haploid gametophyte. Spore forming cells in the diploid sporophyte undergo meiosis to produce spores, a haploid reproductive cell. Spores can develop into an adult without fusing with another cell.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 25.30511
Retrieved Text: If you choose to kill the Botchling, Geralt will miss his initial blow prompting it to mutate into a much larger and much more powerful Botchling. If this happens, you must continuously use your heavy attack on it and dodge all of it's strikes. If it gets more than two hits on you, what comes next will be impossible unless you've seriously stocked up on food. Once you have the Botchling down... A witcher in this state is even more effective than usual, so Geralt accomplished this in short order. The baron admitted that his wife had miscarried after one of their frequent rows, and that she and his daughter had fled Crow's Perch. He also agreed to show Geralt where he had buried the miscarried child's remains. When the clock struck midnight, both men set off to find the botchling's grave.
Use your Witcher Senses while going around the stone and you should find a tuft of fur on the ground. Its stench should now be recognizable and you can follow its trail through the forest. The scent will lead you to torn pieces of clothing. Expect to fight a bear and more wolves along the way (if you�re unlucky).
A witcher in this state is even more effective than usual, so Geralt accomplished this in short order. The baron admitted that his wife had miscarried after one of their frequent rows, and that she and his daughter had fled Crow's Perch. He also agreed to show Geralt where he had buried the miscarried child's remains. When

########
Rank: 19
Score: 25.25689
Retrieved Text: A cell or nucleus that may participate in sexual fusion to form a *zygote. It is normally haploid and thus on fusion of two gametes a diploid zygote is formed. In virtually all plants (exceptions are those with a *diplontic life cycle ) meiosis is separated from *gametogenesis by the development of a somatic gametophyte generation (see alternation of generations ). In the primitive algae and fungi the gametes are often naked and *isogamous. In more advanced forms there is a trend through *anisogamy to *oogamy and specialization of the gametes, so that they become better protected and less dependent on water for survival and dispersal. See also sexual reproduction.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 25.166645
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 25.049871
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid and being fascinated by random things I don’t enjoy as much now just because they were new. Even chores like helping someone do the dishes, or running errands all day long seemed to be a chance to experience something exciting and I looked forward to it. But then again, I suppose as a child you can’t afford to not be fully present at every moment. It’s how we learn about the world and our role in it relative to our surroundings. When do we stop being present in the moment? How does this affect our health and well-being? And what can we do about it? i suppose its a gradual process that starts in childhood to some degrees and is experienced more acutely in adulthood.
For some luckily it never happens. But now a days its increasingly common. We spend our days planning for the future, worrying about it, or both. We see things and react to them based on passed experiences and could become unwilling or just not have the awareness necessary to let things go, to start fresh. I guess its just too easy to get so stuck in a set way of seeing things that it blinds us to the perspective of realizing how everything alive is constantly changing and evolving, including ourselves of course.
A wise person once told me that every moment holds the possibility of a New Year. I suppose if that is true, we’re missing out on countless opportunities for New Years through out our lives.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.018148
Retrieved Text: Like all plants Toxicodendron diversilobum exhibits an alternation of generations. This means that during the life cycle of the plant it alternates between a multicellular diploid sporophyte generation and a multicellular haploid gametophyte generation. Since the Pacific poison oak is in the phylum Angiosperm it has a dominant sporophyte generation which means that the gametophyte generation will be more dependent on the sporophyte generation.
The first part of the angiosperm life cycle takes place in the flower of the plant. Here in the anther the microsporocytes develop and undergo meiosis which produces haploid microspores. Each microspore undergoes one division of mitosis to form a generative cell and a tube cell. Together they form an immature pollen grain. The generative cells then go through a second mitotic division which produces two sperm nuclei. Inside the ovule one megaspore undergoes meiosis to form four haploid megaspore. Three die off and one remains. The remaining megaspore undergoes three mitotic divisions and generates an 8 nucleate embryo sac also known as a megagametophyte.
Next pollination occurs. The pollen grain germinates on the stigma where a pollen tube grows down into the style. Eventually it grows down into the ovary through the micropyle. One sperm nucleus then fuses with the egg which creates a diploid zygote, and the other sperm fuses with the central cell of the egg to form the endospore.
Now that the embryo has formed it grows inside the embryo sac. The ovule creates a protective seed coat around the embryo and embryo sac. Then the seed is dropped from fruit

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.014076
Retrieved Text: Hey guys, I was just wondering does interphase double the chrosome number from 46 to 92 due to DNA replication?
Is meiosis part of the cell cycle?
HELP - Mitosis and Meiosis???
It doesn't double the chromosome number, but it doubles the amount of DNA. Chromosomes usually look like chromatids, but because you only see them in prophase, you see them with twice the amount of DNA. There are the same number of chromosomes, as the number of centromeres does not increase.
But how can it go from 46 to 46 to 23? How can it divide in way that maintains the same no. of chromosomes after a division into 2 cells?
It contains 46 chromosomes. It divides to give 23 chromosomes in meiosis 1. This then divides again to give 23 chromosomes.
The original DNA has been replicated before division. The reason you think a chromosome lookes like and "X" rather than an "l" is because you only see them during mitosis when they are dividing.
But they are still called a single chromosome, because a) the two strands are exactly the same and b) they are attached to a single centromere.
So it starts with 46, then divides to give 2 cells of 23 each, then those divide to give 4 cells of 23?
the cell goes through normal interphase and chromosones are copied and are visible as sister chromoatids.
chromotids are seperated in meiosis 2.
so to answer your question it goes 2N -> 2N -> N -> N because after interpahse the chromosones are sister chromatids (the have replicated) but they are still

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.873848
Retrieved Text: What one kingdom characteristic separates animals from plants?
Body symmetry - the way body parts are arranged around a point or central axis.
Directions on the body - used to describe areas on the body of an animal.
Pattern of body development - a sequence of developmental steps.
Formation of germ layers - layers of specialized cells in the early development.
sphere-shaped, the body can be divided into two identical parts by any plane passing through the center.
the body can be divided into two identical halves by any plane that passes through the longitudinal axis.
the body can be divided into two identical halves by only one specific plane passing through the longitudinal axis.
the body has no definite shape and cannot be divided into two identical halves.
Cephalization: the concentration of sensory and brain structures in the anterior end of the animal.
Nervous tissue, composed of nerve cells called neurons, is found only in animals. Along with muscle tissue, nervous tissue allows animals to to sense and respond their enviromnet. By concentrating these sense receptors at the "head" of an animal, the animal is able to respond to its environment more quickly.
Sexual Reproduction: involves the joining of sperm and egg cells.
Pattern of body development: all animals develop in some modification of this sequence.
Zygote - the fertilized egg.
Embryo - As the fertilized egg begins to divide, the cells in the resulting mass are identical. At some point (about 32 cells), this packed mass of cells quickly spreads into a hollow sphere of cells. This point is called blastulation and is the beginning of cell divergence.
Blastula

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.819891
Retrieved Text: In the begining there were just 2 cells, a sperm and an ovum. The ovum sat contentedly and patiently in the fallopian tube, waiting. Then swimming upstream, against gravity here come several million wriggling entities, purposefully searching. Around the ovum there is a membrane formed of hyluronic acid, and the enzyme that can break down and penetrate this protective layer just happens to be in the head of the sperm. This enzyme is hyluronidaze. Thousands of sperm die in the process of penetrating the hyluronic acid membrane around the ovum, until just one sperm succeeds in it’s frantic efforts and it penetrates the ovum, and the miracle of Life starts. The entity of sperm and ovum now is known as a zygote. The cells start to polarise and devide and the process of mitosis has begun. All the material determining all the baby’s features from eye and hair colour to genetic potential is allready evidenced within the zygote as the DNA strands and codes of Life form within the cell division. This process continues for 268 days, and clumps of cells form organs, glands, muscle tissue and all the other parts that collectively becomea baby human being. This is not a randomised chaotic explosion of sequential accidents brought on by chance, however a highly sophisticated intelligent and purposeful organisation, in fact because we have little undrstanding of this degree of intelligent action we could call it a miracle. “The Miracle of Life”.
The fact that the full term baby enters the physical world through a narrow canal

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.724169
Retrieved Text: Lulú. “El GIF De La Semana: Mitosis En Tiempo Real.” Esceptica, 22 Jan. 2014, esceptica.org/2014/01/19/el-gif-de-la-semana-mitosis-en-tiempo-real/.
Mitosis and Meiosis sound very similar, but while they share some similar concepts they are two different biological terms. What is Mitosis? Mitosis is cell division creating two “daughter” cells. Daughter cells have the same number of chromosomes and the same kind of chromosomes as the parent cell. What is Meiosis? Meiosis is creating four “daughter” cells that have half of the chromosomes as the parent cell.
While Mitosis and Meiosis both create daughter cells they make two different kinds. Mitosis creates diploid cells or cells that have 23 chromosomes. While meiosis makes haploid cells or gametes which are your reproductive cells such as sperm in males and eggs in females.
Mitosis exists in six different stages each stage doing something different inside of the cell undergoing mitosis.
Interphase: This stage is when the cell is only preparing for Mitosis or Meiosis(Interphase happens in both). This is also where a cell spends most of its life.
Prophase: Prophase is the “first” stage where the nuclear membrane and the nucleus disappear, chromosomes condense and the mitotic spindles form.
Metaphase: This stage is when the duplicated chromosomes line up at the center of the cell. Fun fact this is called the metaphase plate.
Anaphase: Anaphase is when the duplicated chromosomes separate into two identical groups and move towards opposite ends of the cell.
Telophase: This is the second to last stage where membranes form around the two groups of chromosomes at different ends to produce the nuclei in the daughter cells.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.626808
Retrieved Text: It would not be strange that once read the statement that titles this entry, the reader reacts by thinking of denying such a claim: Thinking that ‘ how could it not depend on me, does my will has no say about my relationships?’ or extrañándose before the estimated implication of ‘and what, then, is another who depends on with whom I interact?’. Both reactions proceed, ultimately, forgetfulness of the plural character, social, of the social relations -and it is that memory that makes it necessarily true the assertion of the title.
The existence, and character, of a social relationship depends on the actions of both actors (let’s assume, for the sake of simplicity, a dual relationship). Which means, then, that does not depend on any of them separately. In fact, it is contradictory to the idea that each person who chooses with whom it relates. If this is so, then the relationship between A and B depends on A. But as the statement is general, so if you only depend on A, then no longer depends on B, and then the sentence is no longer true in relation to B (it is not true that B chooses with whom to relate, given that her relationship with A does not depend on B).
Suppose the case that A and B are in the relationship and decides To break the relationship. But this is simply not just the process. If B is interested in, then you will take action; and those actions in turn produce reactions in A. B can

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.511015
Retrieved Text: Meiosis Practice Worksheets - Printable Worksheets Meiosis Practice. Worksheets Meiosis Review Worksheet Answers Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Meiosis Practice. Some of the worksheets displayed are Mitosis practice work, Meiosis review work, Meiosis matching work, Meiosis and mitosis answers work, Mitosis meiosis work, Meiotic stages and their events, Biology 1 work i selected answers, Meiosiswork 2. Meiosis Key Worksheets - Printable Worksheets Meiosis Key. Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Meiosis Key. Some of the worksheets displayed are Meiosis review work, Answer key for meiosis work, Meiosis matching work, Meiosis and mitosis answers work, Biology 1 work i selected answers, Meiosiswork 2, Chapter 13 meiosis and sexual life cycles, Mitosisworkphasesflat7.
Meiosis Practice Worksheets - Printable Worksheets Meiosis Practice. Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Meiosis Practice. Some of the worksheets displayed are Mitosis practice work, Meiosis review work, Meiosis matching work, Meiosis and mitosis answers work, Mitosis meiosis work, Meiotic stages and their events, Biology 1 work i selected answers, Meiosiswork 2. Meiosis Key Worksheets - Printable Worksheets Meiosis Key. Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Meiosis Key. Some of the worksheets displayed are Meiosis review work, Answer key for meiosis work, Meiosis matching work, Meiosis and mitosis answers work, Biology 1 work i selected answers, Meiosiswork 2, Chapter 13 meiosis and sexual life cycles, Mitosisworkphasesflat7.
Mitosis Vs Meiosis Worksheets - Teacher Worksheets Mitosis Vs Meiosis. Showing top 8 worksheets in the category - Mitosis Vs Meiosis. Some of the worksheets displayed are Meiosis and mitosis answers work, Mitosis

########
Rank: 29
Score: 24.21603
Retrieved Text: (II) where fusion of egg and sperm takes place.
(III) where zygote is implanted. What happens to human egg when it is not fertilized ?

================



======= Instance Index 22 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A conducting metal, like copper, is wrapped around a piece of metal
- An electrical source, like a battery, produces an electrical current
- The electrical current flows through the wire
- The electrical current creates a magnetic field around the wire, magnetizing the metal
- The magnetic field can be turned on and off by starting or stopping the electricity source
- 

Question:
suppose more carbon dioxide in the air happens, how will it affect more current is produced.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 43.79234
Retrieved Text: Dry ice gives off carbon dioxide gas, and so there was a thick layer of carbon dioxide in the bottom of the tub. Because carbon dioxide is heavier than air, and the bubble was made of air, the bubble actually floated above the carbon dioxide layer because it was lighter.
Why do carbon dioxide emissions weigh more than the original fuel? The amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) that is produced from burning a fuel weighs more than the amount of the fuel itself, because during complete combustion, each carbon atom in the fuel combines with two oxygen atoms in the air to make CO2.
I was thinking about home brew beer what happens in the air between the brewing beer and the air-lock. It starts out as a stand mux of air. My original thought was that the CO2 generated as a byproduct of fermentation would be heavier than the rest of the air and push that air out through the air lock.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 41.335434
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
Plants give off oxygen during the process of photosynthesis. Using green chlorophyll (which gives them their color), the leaves of plants use the energy of sunlight to change carbon dioxide and water into food the plant needs to live. During this process, oxygen is released into the air.
This oxygen is breathed in by animals. Animals, in turn, breathe carbon dioxide back into the air, where it is again used by plants to produce food and oxygen. Because of green plants, the amount of oxygen in the air has always remained at about the same level.
As photosynthesis requires sunlight, this process only happens during the day. We often like to think of this as plants `breathing in carbon dioxide and `breathing out oxygen. Just like animals, plants need to break down carbohydrates into energy. Oxygen is required to do this.
Then why do the plants get rid of oxygen they produce during photosynthesis?
The answer is, they do not. Plants actually hold on to a small amount of the oxygen they produced in photosynthesis and use that oxygen to break down carbohydrates to give them energy.
But what happens at night when there is no sunlight which is needed in photosynthesis?
Interestingly, in order to maintain their metabolism and continue respiration at night, plants must absorb oxygen from the air and give off carbon dioxide (which is exactly what animals do). Plants produce approximately ten times more oxygen during the day

########
Rank: 2
Score: 40.66562
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between carbon and carbon dioxide?
Why is carbon dioxide called carbon dioxide?
What is the difference between carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide?
What's the difference between carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide?
Why is carbon dioxide a gas while silicon dioxide a solid?
How silicon dioxide differs from carbon dioxide?
How can carbon dioxide be split into carbon and oxygen?
How can carbon monoxide turn to carbon dioxide?
How much carbon dioxide is produced on heating 1 kg of carbon?
What happens when carbon dioxide reacts with carbon monoxide?
CO and CO2 – What’s the difference?
They absorb carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide and give out oxygen. What could be more desirable? And they look good in the bargain. Stop chopping down the rain forests and plant more saplings, and we're on our way.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 40.22192
Retrieved Text: Global warming refers to the increase in temperature of the earth’s atmosphere and oceans. This is a process that happens when greenhouse gases trap heat from the sun in the earth’s atmosphere, which eventually increases the average temperature. Examples of these greenhouse gases include methane, carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, and water vapor. There is a lot of evidence that point to the fact that the global surface temperature has been increasing over the years. This phenomenon has been caused by an increase in the concentration of greenhouse gases, which result from natural occurrences or a number of human activities such as deforestation and burning of fossil fuels.
Evidence of global warming include documented increases in the temperature of the air and the ocean, rising sea level, and widespread melting of snow and ice as well. Some causes of global warming have been attributed to external forcing, which refers to the processes that are external to the climate system that affect the climate. Notably, climate responds to a number of external forcing, such changes in solar luminosity, radiative forcing (as a result of changes in the atmospheric composition), and variations in the earth’s orbit around the Sun. However, recent changes in global temperatures are too rapid. Orbital cycles usually vary slowly over many years and hence are too gradual to have caused the recent temperature changes.
The greenhouse effect refers to the process by which the absorption, as well as, the emission of infrared radiation by gases in the atmosphere ends up warming the earth’s lower atmosphere and surface.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 40.162724
Retrieved Text: Launching early next year, a NASA satellite for carbon dioxide study will collect data that will help scientists figure out how nature absorbs man-made emissions.
NASA plans to launch a satellite early next year to track carbon dioxide emissions. The launch is part of a data-gathering mission that could affect climate change policies and carbon emissions trading worldwide.
The satellite, Orbiting Carbon Observatory, is scheduled for launch from the Vandenberg Air Force base in California some time after January 2009.
"The idea is to fly over the Earth and look down and measure columns of CO2" said David Crisp, who heads the research at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.
Researchers hope the OCO will provide data to help answer some questions about how nature wipes clean a large amount of carbon dioxide emitted by human activities. The question they are seeking to answer is: What is the carbon dioxide concentration in different parts of the world and what causes it?
The OCO is the first NASA spacecraft dedicated to studying carbon dioxide. It will orbit the Earth at an altitude of 705 kilometers (438 miles) and take carbon dioxide measurements three times a second using three spectrometers.
The compact satellite – at 2-meters tall and 1.9-meter wide – will cover the whole Earth every 16 days, said Crisp. He and a fellow researcher, Scott Denning, presented their $270 million research project at the American Geophysical Union's meeting in San Francisco Tuesday.
Scientists have been collecting carbon dioxide data on the ground for decades, but those projects aren't able to easily

########
Rank: 5
Score: 39.8463
Retrieved Text: increase took place before the year 1940, which is prior to most human-emitted carbon dioxide. Warmth is essential; too much is bad but thats not a problem right now.
The question is though, how much more acidic, or warmer or fewer? People are panicking and theyre jumping over the Constitution and theyre jumping over common sense. However, according to the National Center for Policy Analysis, human-produced carbon dioxide could have only played a small role in this warming. These changes have an effect on crops, plants, and how carbon monoxide is exchanged (Britt, 2004). But what is Global Warming? Along with William. Firstly, global warming is said to be caused by the high levels of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere by humans. Suppose everyone in the world stops driving their fossil fuel powered vehicles and switched to electric vehicles instead. These changes have naturally created changes up until the introduction of the industrial age which has since contributed to the overflow of greenhouse gas effect within the Earths climate changes. With various ideas as to global warmings existence for many the question may always remain as to the truthfulness of such an element. Smoke produced by factories, vehicular show more content, we&apos;ve got to think of the polar bears right? This website displays photographs of surface stations that are positioned beside airport runways, large industrial areas, response and sewage treatment plants; all of which distort temperature readings. Lately these questions are being asked more and more by people who believe that the earths climate is growing

########
Rank: 6
Score: 39.26243
Retrieved Text: The air quality in a cockpit directly affects how well an airplane pilot performs, according to research.
Commercial airline pilots who took part in the study by a team at Harvard T.H. School of Public Health were better able to perform complex maneuvers in a flight simulator when the carbon dioxide concentration in the air was 700 parts per million (ppm), compared with 2,500ppm.
The average carbon dioxide level on a commercial flight is less than 1000ppm but can reach as high as 1400ppm depending on the aircraft, say the authors of a study published in the Journal of Exposure Science and Environmental Epidemiology.
The same team previously researched whether carbon dioxide levels in office buildings affect concentration levels among workers, showing the relatively slight difference between 1000pm and 2,500ppm of carbon dioxide appeared to hinder cognitive function. This new paper builds on that research to investigate pilots specifically.
To conduct the study, the researchers asked 30 male commercial air pilots to perform three flight simulation tests lasting three hours. Each task involved 21 maneuvers of varying levels of difficulty. During the experiment, each participant was randomly dosed with either 700ppm, 1,500ppm or 2,500ppm levels of carbon dioxide at some point.
Pilots were almost 70 percent more likely to pass a maneuver when carbon dioxide levels were at 700ppm compared with 2,500ppm, the results revealed. There was no statistically significant difference in the cognitive abilities of pilots exposed to 700ppm and 1,500ppm—although they were more likely to pass the hardest maneuvers.
The longer the pilots were in the simulator, the worse the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 38.40609
Retrieved Text: A similar process is happening in the oceans today. Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is being absorbed into the ocean. When carbon dioxide dissolves in water it forms carbonic acid. Fizzy drinks are carbonated – they have carbon dioxide bubbled into them and this makes them acidic. Carbon dioxide is taken up into cold waters more rapidly and so the process of ocean acidification affects the coldest seas, such as the Arctic Ocean, the most.
On the pH scale the oceans are actually basic – the current average pH level of the oceans is about 8.2 (compared to freshwater which is pH 7). By continually adding more carbon dioxide, and increasing the amount of hydrogen ions, the ocean is becoming more acidic – the pH level is dropping. The pH level will continue to decrease into the future as long as carbon dioxide keeps being absorbed by the oceans.
Since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, there has been already been a 0.1 drop in pH level. Models predict that the pH level will continue to lower (become more acid) to 7.8 in the next 100 years and to 7.4 in 300 years.
This may seem like a small amount but the impact can be quite large. All organisms need to regulate their internal pH and marine creatures are no exception. The difference is that many marine organisms are more dependent on the ocean to act as a pH regulator. It is also important for those organisms that have shells made of calcium carbonate – they find it difficult

########
Rank: 8
Score: 38.349953
Retrieved Text: Home > Training > What is Carbon Dioxide?
Carbon Dioxide is a gas that is both colorless and odorless. Not only is CO2 produced naturally in the environment, but it can also be created through human activities like burning gasoline, oil, coal, and wood. Respiration increases the level of CO2 in air as an individual exhales.
The measure of carbon dioxide in a room signifies the amount of fresh air available. Common complaints due to uncomfortable levels of carbon dioxide include headaches, an increasing pulse rate, particularly high fatigue, and breathing difficulties. In extreme cases, high levels of carbon dioxide can induce heavy nausea, dizziness, vomiting, and even loss of consciousness however, this is very unlikely and nearly impossible in most residential buildings.
Note: The included diagram to the right illustrates that Carbon Dioxide concentration levels have raised at an alarming rate over the last 50 years.
Most homes usually contain levels of carbon dioxide ranging from 300 to 1,000 ppm depending on numerous factors such as how many people are occupying an area, ventilation, internal vegetation, and much more.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 38.255356
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.833076
Retrieved Text: Just as crocus and daffodil blossoms signal the start of a warmer season on land, a similar "greening" event--a massive bloom of microscopic plants, or phytoplankton--unfolds each spring in the North Atlantic Ocean from Bermuda to the Arctic.
Fertilized by nutrients that have built up during the winter, the cool waters of the North Atlantic come alive every spring and summer with a vivid display of color that stretches across hundreds and hundreds of miles. In what's known as the North Atlantic Bloom, millions of phytoplankton use sunlight and carbon dioxide (CO2) to grow and reproduce at the ocean's surface. During photosynthesis, phytoplankton remove carbon dioxide from seawater and release oxygen as a by-product. That allows the oceans to absorb additional carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. If there were fewer phytoplankton, atmospheric carbon dioxide would increase.
Flowers ultimately wither and fade, but what eventually happens to these tiny plants produced in the sea? When phytoplankton die, the carbon in their cells sinks to the deep ocean.
Plankton integral part of oceanic "biological pump"
This so-called biological pump makes the North Atlantic Ocean efficient at soaking up CO2 from the air.
"Much of this 'particulate organic carbon,' especially the larger, heavier particles, sinks," says scientist Melissa Omand of the University of Rhode Island, co-author of a paper on the North Atlantic Bloom published today in the journal Science.
"But we wanted to find out what's happening to the smaller, non-sinking phytoplankton cells from the bloom. Understanding the dynamics of the bloom and what happens to the carbon produced by it is important, especially

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.74881
Retrieved Text: A leading theory is to have a thicker carbon-dioxide atmosphere forming a greenhouse-gas blanket, helping to warm the surface of ancient Mars. However, according to a new analysis of data from NASA’s Mars rover Curiosity, Mars had far too little carbon dioxide about 3.5 billion years ago to provide enough greenhouse-effect warming to thaw water ice.
The same Martian bedrock in which Curiosity found sediments from an ancient lake where microbes could have thrived is the source of the evidence adding to the quandary about how such a lake could have existed. Curiosity detected no carbonate minerals in the samples of the bedrock it analyzed. The new analysis concludes that the dearth of carbonates in that bedrock means Mars’ atmosphere when the lake existed — about 3.5 billion years ago — could not have held much carbon dioxide.
“We’ve been particularly struck with the absence of carbonate minerals in sedimentary rock the rover has examined,” said Thomas Bristow of NASA’s Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, California. “It would be really hard to get liquid water even if there were a hundred times more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere than what the mineral evidence in the rock tells us.” Bristow is the principal investigator for the Chemistry and Mineralogy (CheMin) instrument on Curiosity and lead author of the study being published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science.
The dilemma has been building for years: Evidence about factors that affect surface temperatures — mainly the energy received from the young sun and the blanketing provided by

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.71946
Retrieved Text: Biomass Energy - Mechanical Electrical Systems Inc.
To many people, the most familiar forms of renewable energy are the wind and the sun. Biomass energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire, is the oldest source of renewable energy.
Until recently, biomass energy supplied far more renewable electricity—or “biopower”—than wind and solar power combined.
If developed properly, biomass can and should supply increasing amounts of biopower. In fact, in numerous analyses of how America can transition to a clean energy future, sustainable biomass is a critical renewable resource.
Biomass is a renewable energy source not only because the energy it comes from the sun, but also because biomass can re-grow over a relatively short period of time. Through the process of photosynthesis, chlorophyll in plants captures the sun’s energy by converting carbon dioxide from the air and water from the ground into carbohydrates—complex compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen.
Burning these carbohydrates turns them back into carbon dioxide and water and release the energy they captured from the sun. In this way, biomass functions as a sort of natural battery for storing solar energy. As long as biomass is produced sustainably—meeting current needs without diminishing resources or the land’s capacity to re-grow biomass and recapture carbon—the battery will last indefinitely and provide sources of low-carbon energy.
Mechanical Electrical Systems Inc. in 2010 designed, built, installed, and started up a 250kW Blinkless® Microgrid for SAIC. The Microgrid used power produced by an on-board generator, which ran off of fuel produced by a pyrolysis process that turned trash into gas for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 37.6723
Retrieved Text: Many scientists fear that global warming will hit staple food crops hard, with heat stress, extreme weather events and water shortages. On the other hand, higher levels of carbon dioxide‚Äîthe main cause of ongoing warming‚Äîis known to boost many plants' productivity, and reduce their use of water. So, if we keep pouring more CO2 into the air, will crops fail, or benefit? A new study tries to disentangle this complex question. It suggests that while greater warmth will reduce yields of some crops, higher CO2 could help mitigate the effects in some regions, unless other complications of global warming interfere.
The study, by 16 researchers from a half-dozen countries, uses newly available crop models and data from ongoing large-scale field experiments. It appears this week in the journal Nature Climate Change.
"Most of the discussion around climate impacts focuses only on changes in temperature and precipitation," said lead author Delphine Deryng, an environmental scientist at Columbia University's Center for Climate Systems Research, the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the University of Chicago's Computation Institute. "To adapt adequately, we need to understand all the factors involved." Deryng cautions that the study should not be interpreted to mean that increasing carbon dioxide is a friend to humanity‚Äîonly that its direct effects must be included in any calculation of what the future holds.
Many studies say that as temperatures rise, crops across the world will suffer as average temperatures become unsuitable for traditionally grown crops, and droughts, heat waves or extreme bouts of precipitation become more common. Agricultural scientists say

########
Rank: 14
Score: 37.59649
Retrieved Text: (Natural News) It’s practically a given at this point that whenever a power plant is in operation, it is inevitably going to have at least some emissions. After all, the waste material from what’s being produced inside has to be expelled somewhere. But did you know that it’s possible for a power plant to have less than zero emissions? Indeed, as one newly-constructed power plant now shows, the world finally has its very own “negative emissions” plant in existence, and its benefits can already be seen where it is located in Iceland.
The world’s first negative emissions power plant was made possible by the world of a climate startup called Climeworks. What they did was basically re-fit an existing geothermal plant in Iceland in order to, first and foremost, remove carbon dioxide from the air. At the same time, as they removed the carbon dioxide from the air, they also managed to generate power that can be used in thousands of separate homes. Instead of letting it float into the atmosphere, the carbon dioxide is taken and safely embedded in rock, which is said to be capable of holding it for many millions of years.
In order to accomplish this amazing feat with carbon dioxide, Climeworks needed to partner with an ongoing Icelandic program called Carbfix, which has already been capturing excess carbon dioxide from a geothermal plant and embedding it in rock. They first tested a method — called “carbon capture and storage” — that involved coating plastic with an amine, which is said to be a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 37.349785
Retrieved Text: As more countries and companies take steps to lower their carbon dioxide emissions, you hear the term "carbon credit" used frequently in the news. Understanding what a carbon credit is and how it is traded can help you better understand both the impact of carbon dioxide and responsible steps companies can make to reduce it.
Carbon credit is a fairly simple system that can become more complex through trades, purchases and swaps. Put simply, countries and individual companies can earn carbon credits, each of which allows the industry to produce one ton of carbon dioxide gas over and above their limits.
Credits are awarded to countries and companies that take steps to lower their carbon dioxide emissions. This can be done in a couple of ways.
Lower . A company which plants enough trees to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by Production: Carbon dioxide emissions can be lowered by upgrading equipment, changing manufacturing procedures or using the equipment which produces the gasses less. For each ton of gas the manufacturer stays below their set limit, they are awarded one credit.
Environmental Action: If a country or company funds environmental actions aimed at reducing carbon dioxide, this can also translate into a credit. For example, carbon dioxide gas is used by plants and trees, which in turn give off oxygen one ton, would be awarded one carbon credit in exchange.
Carbon credits are frequently used in one of two ways. They can be saved or traded.
Some manufacturers have fluctuating production loads. They may produce more carbon dioxide one year than the following. If

########
Rank: 16
Score: 37.063606
Retrieved Text: In most cases, drinking water without prior filtration and treatment it is impossible — it may contain hazardous microbes. Ways to get rid of them are numerous: from boiling and chlorination, to disinfect under the ultraviolet light, but researchers from the University of New South Wales introduced another option that is easier, cheaper and simply more interesting to others. They believe that to disinfect the water, you can just swipe through her hot bubbles with carbon dioxide.
The Researchers propose to heat carbon dioxide to a predetermined temperature to release hot water, the bubbles could destroy the virus with their "hot" walls. As the experiment showed, for the creation of such bubbles can be used and common air, but pure carbon dioxide showed a higher level of efficiency.
In the experiment, the researchers purified water to which was added the bacteria Escherichia coli and bacteriophage MS2. Using different tanks, scientists have heated gas and air to a temperature of from 7 to 205 degrees Celsius. As predicted by scientists, the ability of the bubbles to kill the bacteria increased in proportion to the temperature. The best result was achieved at a temperature of 205 degrees, when using pure carbon dioxide.
It is Noteworthy that the transmittance of the bubbles does not affect the temperature of the water, and she remains near 55 degrees. The main advantage of this method is low cost because of heating of the gas requires less energy than the water. Also it is very simple when compared with UV treatment.
A Small test installation for a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.878693
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.856407
Retrieved Text: Posted on January 25, 2019 at 1:58 am.
It’s true that we spend almost 90% of our time indoors. The indoor air, however, is five times filthier than the outside air. For this reason, it is vital for us to keep our breathing space fresh, clean, and healthy at all times. Among the widely used solution for good quality indoor air is a ventilator. Learn more about ventilators and see if it is the right solution for your home or office.
Ventilators reduce chemical pollutants in the air. You may never know it, but carpets and paints are off-gassing pollutants that can release chemicals in the air. The same thing also happens to plastics, glue, personal hygiene products, and air fresheners. Ventilators help reduce the concentration of these chemicals and prevent the occurrence of nasal irritation, headache, nausea and lung problems.
Ventilators work hand-in-hand with your HVAC system to reduce the humidity level inside your home and provide you with fresher air to breathe. Since it manages humidity, it also reduces the energy needed by your HVAC system to meet the comfort demands of your home.
Manufacturers continue to manifest eagerness in designing more reliable “next-generation” ventilators for modern homeowners. They have created more advanced ventilators that do not require separate ductwork. The units can simply be connected to existing ductwork or directly be attached to the heating system, providing homeowners with a less expensive and easy-to-install ventilating solution.
A study from SUNY Upstate Medical University, Harvard University, and Syracuse University showed that improved indoor air quality could double the cognitive

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.616535
Retrieved Text: →Air, ﻿What’s a Tree Got to Do with It?
Most of us do not walk around thinking about the air we are breathing, at least not until there are serious changes notable by sight or scent. Those of us with more than an elementary school education know that breathable air is not just magically “there”, but how often do we really think about how clean air is produced? We owe our clean air to trees.
Trees are natural filters. Humans and animals breathe in oxygen and exhale carbon dioxide. Through nature’s processes, trees “breathe” in carbon dioxide and other pollutants and exhale clean oxygen. In truth, all plants help to filter the air, but without trees, there would not be enough oxygen in the air to sustain life. Big trees are especially important as they recycle the most air and provide the majority of the oxygen in our atmosphere.
Another way in which trees improve air quality is by conserving electricity. Shade trees reduce the need for air conditioning, thereby saving energy and reducing carbon in the air (Department of Energy).
A tree has everything to do with the air we breathe. A tree’s place in the cycle of life is integral to sustaining life on our planet. That is why it is so important to combat deforestation by recycling products made from trees, planting trees and educating others on the value of trees on our earth.
One tree cannot provide enough oxygen for life on earth, but according to the Colorado Tree Coalition, “If every American family planted one tree

########
Rank: 20
Score: 36.55128
Retrieved Text: This indicator estimates the proportion of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air coming from industry, motor vehicles and domestic heating in the Waikato region.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas. It's thought that increasing amounts of these gases will cause world-wide climate change. Waikato Regional Council estimates the carbon dioxide being produced by motor vehicles, industry and home heating to determine where the carbon dioxide in our air is coming from. We need to know this so we can reduce existing sources of pollution and predict any future problems that may arise.
The main sources of air pollution in the Waikato region are motor vehicles, home heating and industry.
We usually monitor air pollution in winter, as levels of air pollution are usually highest during this season. We estimate where carbon dioxide in air comes from and how much is coming from each of the three main sources. This information helps us to identify potential impacts on air quality in different parts of the region and changes in air quality over time.
The indicator will be updated every three to five years as new emission inventory data becomes available.
Air Quality Scientist - Science and Strategy Directorate.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 36.27504
Retrieved Text: Once the oxygen diffuses across the alveoli, it enters the bloodstream and is transported to the tissues where it is unloaded, and carbon dioxide diffuses out of the blood and into the alveoli to be expelled from the body. Although gas exchange is a continuous process, the oxygen and carbon dioxide are transported by different mechanisms.
Although oxygen dissolves in blood, only a small amount of oxygen is transported this way. Only 1.5 percent of oxygen in the blood is dissolved directly into the blood itself. Most oxygen—98.5 percent—is bound to a protein called hemoglobin and carried to the tissues.
Hemoglobin, or Hb, is a protein molecule found in red blood cells (erythrocytes) made of four subunits: two alpha subunits and two beta subunits ([link]). Each subunit surrounds a central heme group that contains iron and binds one oxygen molecule, allowing each hemoglobin molecule to bind four oxygen molecules. Molecules with more oxygen bound to the heme groups are brighter red. As a result, oxygenated arterial blood where the Hb is carrying four oxygen molecules is bright red, while venous blood that is deoxygenated is darker red.
The protein inside (a) red blood cells that carries oxygen to cells and carbon dioxide to the lungs is (b) hemoglobin. Hemoglobin is made up of four symmetrical subunits and four heme groups. Iron associated with the heme binds oxygen. It is the iron in hemoglobin that gives blood its red color.
It is easier to bind a second and third oxygen molecule to Hb than the first molecule. This is because the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 36.003223
Retrieved Text: A more eco-friendly plastic has been developed by Stanford University Scientists.
Using carbon dioxide (CO2) and plant material, scientist from Stanford University have produced a renewable plastic. More specifically, according to Australia Network News, the scientists mixed carbonate with CO2 and furoic acid to create polyethylene furandicarboxylate (PEF); an alternative to the plastic ingredient polyester that is more environmentally efficient.
The production of this alternative plastic can lower greenhouse gas emissions.
The study, which was published earlier this week in the journal Nature, states that the researchers’ new approach can reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Furthermore, the approach is a good low-carbon alternative component to electronics, fabrics, plastic bottles and other products created from petroleum, claims Matthew Kanan, an assistant professor of chemistry at Stanford.
Kanan said that the scientists’ goal is to “replace petroleum-derived products with plastic made from CO2.” Kanan added that if this could be accomplished without utilizing a large amount of non-renewable energy, the carbon footprint of the plastics industry could be significantly lowered.
Developing PEF as an alternative to polyester could be highly beneficial for the environment. The reason is that many products are produced from polyester – also called polyethylene terephthalate (PET) – which is a synthetic fiber derived from coal, air, water and petroleum. Manufacturing a single ton of PET creates four tons of carbon dioxide, which contributes to global warming.
The scientists are investigating how to create renewable products made from hydrogen and carbon dioxide.
The Stanford U research team focused on polyethylene furandicarboxylate (PEF), which is made up of ethylene glycol and 2-5-Furandicarboxylic acid (FDCA).

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.992626
Retrieved Text: This event occurred perhaps three billion years ago. It was a turning point in the history of life on Earth. Bacteria began to use the energy of sunlight to manufacture glucose. Because of it, on two counts—food and the waste product oxygen—we are here. Photosynthesis.
We are 100 percent dependent on photosynthesis. Either we have to eat the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food or we have to eat some formerly alive thing that ate the lettuce that captured the Sun’s energy to make food. We ourselves cannot capture the Sun’s energy to make food.
Photosynthesis requires sunlight, water, and carbon dioxide. Sunlight arrives in the form of a stream of particles called photons. Photons hit the leaf, which is made up of cells. Each cell has a structure called a chloroplast—which in turn contains the pigment chlorophyll. This is the factory, the means of production. The raw materials are water (H2O) and carbon dioxide (CO2).
The leaf gets its CO2 from the air. When photosynthesis began, Earth’s atmosphere did not contain free oxygen. It did contain a lot more carbon dioxide. Slowly, over millions of years, photosynthesis put oxygen—a waste product to plants, algae, and photosynthesizing bacteria—into the air. And so, happily, we breathe.
When you look at this simple but profound transformation in chemical form, you see that carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen have been reshuffled, and oxygen has been expelled.
Photosynthesis happens in two stages. First, the light reaction: Sunlight hits the leaf, jiggles electrons in the chlorophyll until an electron belonging to the chlorophyll jumps

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.89181
Retrieved Text: Carl Bernacchi's primary employer is the Agricultural Research Service (ARS) of the the United Stated Department of Agriculture (USDA). He has funding from the USDA ARS and from Realizing Increased Photosynthetic Efficiency (RIPE), an international research project that is engineering crops to photosynthesize more efficiently to sustainably increase worldwide food productivity with support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research (FFAR), and the U.K. Government’s Department for International Development (DFID).
Ivan Baxter works for the Donald Danforth Plant Science Center and has received funding from the US Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, The USDA-ARS and Cotton Inc.
Researchers around the world are trying to figure out ways to feed a growing population, which is estimated to reach nearly 10 billion by 2050. But as humanity struggles to increase crop yield, might nutritional quality of crops suffer?
The process that allows plants to use sunlight to convert carbon dioxide from the air into stored sugars and fats – carbohydrates – that ultimately lead to growth is called photosynthesis. These carbohydrates end up in what farmers harvest. Plants also absorb minerals from the soil, which are critical for them to survive. These minerals also end up in the food farmers harvest. Therefore, plants are critical to human health both in terms of calories from carbohydrates and minerals in our diets.
For several decades, studies have consistently revealed that higher carbon dioxide levels produce higher yields of most crops. However, there are very few real-world, field experiments on major crops that examine the impact

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.794197
Retrieved Text: We are working our way through the solar system with these fun, hands-on space themed science experiments! It's the perfect unit study because space is an exciting topic for everyone around here! I have extra interest in it lately because I'm studying astronomy this month as part of my MA degree!
1- Carbon dioxide (CO2) can be made here on Earth by simply combining vinegar and baking soda.
2- CO2 is more dense than our air.
3- CO2 will crowd out oxygen and extinguish fires.
4- CO2 will trap particulates (like smoke) and make hazy clouds, just like on Venus!
* is the 2nd planet from the sun.
* is the 6th largest planet in our solar system.
* is only a tiny big smaller than Earth.
* takes 225 Earth days to go around the sun.
* takes 243 Earth days for one day.
* has an atomosphere made of 96% carbon dioxide.
1- Discuss carbon dioxide. What is it? Where is it found? What do your kids know about it already? Key points: carbon dioxide is a gas. Less than 1/2% of our atmosphere is carbon dioxide. It is also the gas used to carbonate drinks, the gas released when you mix vinegar and baking soda, and about 5% of the air we breathe out.
2- Discuss the planet Venus. What do your kids know about it already? Key point: More than 96% of Venus's atmosphere is carbon dioxide. This traps a TON of heat, making Venus THE HOTTEST planet in our solar system (over 800 degrees Farhenheit on the surface--hot enough to melt lead!). It

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.64432
Retrieved Text: What is Photosynthesis? How does it work? Get an insight into nature's most magnificent art with the help of flowchart!
This article will introduce the process of photosynthesis, how it works, and how to draw a flowchart to represent the workflow inside the plant when photosynthesis happens.
In other words, photosynthesis is the process when plants make their own food.
Photosynthesis has two phases, they are commonly known as "Photosynthesis Light Reaction" and "Photosynthesis Dark Reaction". We will analyze these two phases one by one.
This reaction of photosynthesis only happens when light is available. In this reaction the light hits the reaction centers of chlorophyll in the chloroplasts. The chlorophyll will vibrate, makes water molecule (H2O) and oxygen (O) released into air and the remaining molecules of hydrogen (H) from the water (H2O) remains in chloroplast and gets attached to NADP. In this phase of photosynthesis energy loses along the electron transport chain to recharge ATP from ADP. During this process, light energy gets converted into chemical energy and finally ATP molecules are produced. This reaction is also known as light-dependent reaction.
This phase of photosynthesis does not require light and it takes place in stroma. In this reaction the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere combines with hydrogen (H) from water molecules and forms glucose. During this process, ATP molecules will be converted to simple sugars. This reaction is also known as light-independent reaction.
A flowchart is a way to show the steps in a process. Below is the flowchart of photosynthesis process that shows the steps involved in the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.591175
Retrieved Text: A major cause of air pollution in the world are humans burning of fossil fuels like petroleum or coal continuously, causing tremendous air pollution emissions to the atmosphere. Moreover, our current ways of transportation are far from Eco-friendly, and even thought companies like Tesla look like they are going to instantly change the world, the electric market is responding quite slowly.
Any material containing hydrocarbon, naturally made and used to release energy is considered a fossil fuel. Fossil fuels are mainly used for heat energy, work and machine operations. Nevertheless, they are not only used in those particular situations, as fossil fuels are present in our daily routine. For example, every time you turn the lights on, you probably use electricity produced by burning fossil fuels.
Fossil fuels are biologically produced, but how are these exactly formed? Fossil fuels are the accumulated remains of living organisms buried millions of years ago that suffer a transformation process by anaerobic decomposition, high heat and high pressure due to the accumulation of layers of rocks, sand and mud.
Traditionally, fossil fuels have been divided into 3 types depending on their composition and origin: coal, natural gas and petroleum (also known as crude oil). However, since the mid-1980s orimulsion has been recognized as the fourth fossil fuel, a substance derived from the bitumen formed in the Orinoco oil belt in Venezuela.
The energy produced by fossil fuels is greater than the one produced by an equivalent amount of other energy resource. It is the source with higher calorific value.
Fossil fuels are a technology that

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.42339
Retrieved Text: Carbon-dioxide emissions can be reduced how far. I would like to live with nature.
The big measure is progressing to regulation of carbon-dioxide emissions, and reduction these days on a worldwide scale centering on Europe. The motion which is going to change into natural power sources what has mainly been dependent on a fossil fuel to all the energies we need is large. If a car is taken for an example, it will be the motion which is going to change the power into an electric motor from a gasoline engine. Concerning plant, it is the flow of changing the resources into natural power sources, such as wind force and heat of the earth, from atomic power or fire power.
If carbon dioxide increases in number primarily, what kind of thing which is not good will happen for the earth? Although the problem of various views is raised, doesn't a correct answer have this in fact? Although there are an opinion that it leads to global warming, and a hypothesis of since an ozone layer will be destroyed and the heat from the sun will be directly told under the influence, in the result of investigation so far, it turns out that the relation of the time and temperature whose carbon dioxide is increasing is only in agreement. Moreover, there is also an opinion that the carbon dioxide in the air begins to melt into the sea, and acidifies to it.
Originally, it may be a ridiculous thing that we the human beings protect the earth etc. Only in

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.36393
Retrieved Text: The Earth consist of spheres – Atmosphere contain all the gases, hydrosphere contain all the water, lithosphere contain all the rocks and soil and biosphere contain all the living. These spheres are in balance and if one of them gets out of balance it could cause environmental issues.
Main problems are global warming, ozone holes, water pollution and land pollution.
Global warming is one of the current issues which humans encounter with. Theory says that man has not small influence on this issue. Human’s inventions which run on carbon fossil fuel produce carbon dioxide into the air and this cause the greenhouse effect and contribute on warming the planet. This could lead to state where icebergs are completely melted and the level of sea is raised. Also it could cause unpredictable weather such as floods, drought or hurricanes. – The solution is to change the way of production of energy and reduce the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Next problem is ozone holes which are created by ozone damaging chemicals that we release into the atmosphere. The effect is that UV radiation is no longer reflected by the ozone layer and affect the earth on the ground this cause damage to DNA of cells and possibility of cancer especially after sunbathing. Sheep at high altitude in the Andes are often blinded by UV. – The solution is to ban the use of dangerous chemicals in aerosol, refrigerators and car air conditioning.
Water pollution is contamination of water bodies –lakes, rivers, seas, groundwater which affects biosphere. It occurs when pollutants are

================



======= Instance Index 23 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Food enters the body
- Food begins to be processed by the digestive system
- The pancreas releases enzymes to aid digestion
- Digested food affects the amount of sugar in the blood
- The pancreas releases one hormone to lower the blood sugar (glucose) level
- The pancreas releases another hormone to raisethe blood sugar (glucose) level.

Question:
suppose being allergic to some forms of contraception happens, how will it affect the pancreas working SOFTER.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.092205
Retrieved Text: The Nateglinide tablets are designed for individuals that have been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. This medication may be prescribed along with other diabetic pills. Remember to never mix medications unless directed by a physician. An individual with this disease has troubles digesting carbohydrates and sugars. The pancreas does not produce enough insulin to break down the blood sugar levels to maintain a healthy body. This pill assists the pancreas in producing more insulin into the system. The Nateglinide tablets are usually taken between 15 to 30 minutes before a meal, 3 times daily. The dose may be different depending on each individual’s diet habits and lifestyle. Always follow the recommended dose that the doctor prescribes. Do not take more or less unless the physician gives their approval.
This medication may not work well with certain medical condition. An individual will need to give their complete history to the physician in charge. If a person has any kidney or liver problems, been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes or drink alcohol excessively, this type of medication may not be appropriate. Discuss all the medical problems that have been present or may arise with the health care provider. Allergic reactions to certain medications may be a cause for alarm as well. Even though, reactions to the Nateglinide medication are rare, they can be severe if not treated right away. Other medications that are being consumed could interact with this type of diabetic pill. If any other kinds of medication are needed, tell the doctor right away. Even over-the-counter pills

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.022137
Retrieved Text: The Supreme Court ruling in the Hobby Lobby case raises at least two questions: How will it affect access to contraception, and what do the drugs and devices the company objected to on religious grounds actually do?
A growing body of evidence shows that it is already hard to obtain certain kinds of contraception, and the ruling seems likely to increase barriers. A significant number of pharmacists — 6 percent in one study — say they would refuse to dispense oral contraceptives or other medications to patients for moral reasons if they were permitted to do so.
This dynamic played out in a recent study by a health services researcher, Tracey Wilkinson, who had callers pose as adolescents to see if pharmacies had emergency contraception and would dispense it – legally – to them.
The first key finding was that in about 20 percent of pharmacies, no emergency contraception, like Plan B, was available at all. Even when it was, however, almost 20 percent of the time adolescents were told, incorrectly, that they couldn’t have it under any circumstances. They were told this significantly more often when calling pharmacies in low-income neighborhoods.
As part of the study, Dr. Wilkinson also had physicians call the pharmacies. Misinformation was given to them only 3 percent of the time. For some reason, those in the pharmacies were more likely to make it harder for the patients themselves to get the emergency contraception they could legally obtain.
If other family-owned corporations choose to emulate Hobby Lobby and win an exemption from the Affordable Care Act’s

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.903927
Retrieved Text: Absent are definitely the days if the only contraception regarded to culture is abstinence. Using the improvement in science and technology allcondoms.com, a lot of reports and researches have been devoted for the additional practical technique for avoiding pregnancy and also the probable spread of bacterial infections and ailments. Among by far the most well-liked just one currently being condoms.
There are many sorts of condom makes accessible in the market. Each individual of these has their particular assure of feeling and included pleasure. It’s now even doable to get condoms online to stay away from the awkward experience of viewing all people glance at you whenever you buy it in the retail store. A person well-known form of condom are latex condoms.
Latex condoms have many rewards compared to many forms of birth control solutions, besides staying more affordable. As a result of staying an affordable contraception, it has come to be a important ingredient of government programs to provide extra solutions in relation to sexual wellness to inadequate and marginalized communities. You will discover condoms which can be utilized for both of those men and women.
For the people who’re wanting to know why they should know how to work with a condom adequately, it really is due to the fact the poor use may lead for the material tearing and probable spread of ailments. Working with condoms thoroughly is very important so as for it to become particularly efficient. Although abstinence will be the supreme security towards STDs, condoms are still an productive means of preventing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.681149
Retrieved Text: why is plan b expensive generics are moving over the counter with .
clearing up confusion emergency contraception and weight rewire news .
can taking the birth control pill while pregnant hurt my baby .
morning after pill the debate continues .
how soon do you need to take plan b popsugar fitness .
birth control app sparks controversy from anti abortion activists .
side effects of plan b popsugar fitness australia .
your birth control plan isnt always perfect plan b one step .
does plan b affect your birth control selo yogawithjo co for does .
birth control methods and side effects health .
5 methods of birth control moms love todays parent .
heres what actually happens when you stop taking birth control .
birth control bingo emergency contraception scarleteen .
when youre secretly on birth control and you ask him for plan b .
plan b is a very strong drug you cant use it as a form of .
no birth control is 100 effective and you can only take plan b if .
how to get emergency contraception aka ec plan b or the morning .
plan b the cut .
buyer beware can we trust cheap plan b one step on amazon com .
bleeding on the birth control pill .
this online service delivers birth control and plan b right to your door .
comparison of birth control methods wikipedia .
does taking plan b affect your fertility long term women com .
when plan a fails theres a plan b and then some ask shawna .
plan b nola home .
how does the morning after pill emergency contraception work .
what does

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.811466
Retrieved Text: Acceptance letters will begin to be sent out starting in April.
You only need to submit the application below to get started. The other forms can be submitted after acceptance.
Please tell us why you are interested in Open Roads. Here are some guiding questions to keep in mind as you write: *What do you see yourself doing and enjoying during this summer program? *What excited you about Open Roads? *What do you think will be a challenge for you? *How do you think your summer experience might affect your life at home?
These will not hinder your acceptance to the program, we just need to know to make this the safest experience possible.
For example, if you have allergies, what are you allergic to and what happens when you are exposed? If you are diabetic, do you need insulin? Etc.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.58272
Retrieved Text: Naturally Not Pregnant!: What happens to your body when you come off hormonal contraception?
What happens to your body when you come off hormonal contraception?
Perhaps you have been thinking for a while now that you would like to go natural, reconnect with your cycle and come off hormonal contraception.
You may be nervous and this is understandable. What will this mean for my body? What will I do for contraception? How can I do this without getting back my old symptoms?
It is always important to listen to your body. Most women intuitively feel when it’s the right time for them. Maybe they are experiencing side effects, maybe they are thinking about their future fertility, or maybe they just don’t feel right about taking the synthetic hormones anymore.
What ever your reasons, with the help of your doctor and a fertility awareness instructor like myself you can safely and smoothly come off hormonal contraception and integrate into healthy baby-free cycles with Naturally Not Pregnant’s fertility awareness programs.
What happens to my body when I come off hormonal contraception?
When you are taking hormonal contraception you are taking high levels of hormones that are very similar to the ones your body makes itself, they are just synthetic. Because your brain recognizes that you have high levels of hormones circulating though your system it tells your ovaries not to bother making any more.
If you are taking a pill that is 21 days on and 7 days off (sugar pills), then from the moment you start taking the sugar pills your brain realizes that your

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.515995
Retrieved Text: Pancreatic cancer occurs when damaged, or abnormal, cells grow out of control within the pancreas. Unfortunately pancreatic cancer is often diagnosed at an advanced stage, due to the location of the pancreas deep within the abdomen. The cancer can remain undetected until it grows large enough to affect or spread to nearby organs.
Cancer is caused by changes in DNA (the genetic material that contains the instructions for all biochemical processes in the body), known as mutations. These mutations allow a cancer cell to replicate, bypassing the body’s normal control mechanisms which would usually repair or destroy the damaged cell. It is unclear how or why these mutations occur, although some people can inherit them whilst others gain them through environmental exposure. The number of mutations in cells also increases with age, which explains a higher susceptibility to cancer later in life.
Pancreatic cancer commonly forms with the abnormal uncontrolled growth of cells in the pancreatic ducts, which then spread to the body of the pancreas. As the cancer grows and swells in size, it compresses vital structures adjacent to the pancreas. If the growth is within the head of the pancreas, this ultimately results in interference with bile release and causes obstructive jaundice.
As they grow, the cancer cells destroy surrounding normal pancreas tissue, and infiltrate into nearby nerves, blood vessels and the lymphatic system, where they may travel to distant sites. Once a cancer has lodged in another organ, such as the liver or lungs, this is known as metastasis.
↑The picture above shows what pancreatic cancer looks

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.364634
Retrieved Text: Oh. My. Gosh. I’ve found us an extraordinary practitioner – a woman who founded the first holistic health centre in Sydney in the mid 70s in Paddington who for decades has been building her expertise in the area of women’s health, fertility for couples and natural contraception. In this show we discuss the pill and other modern contraception methods, the cons, the deficiencies or body imbalances they breed and how to successfully come off them. Then, Francesca takes us through how we can get to know our bodies’ rhythms and temperature variations, to have as successful a time preventing conception naturally as using any other main form of contraception – It’s a JAM PACKED episode for women’s reproductive health and empowerment, that’s all I’m going to say. A must listen.
There’s more people taking the pill nowadays than any other drug. However there are some serious side effects, the main one being the nutritional deficiencies and the many associated symptoms the pill can bring. Vitamin A is very disrupted when someone is on the pill. It is important for teeth, gums, eyes, immunity, skin integrity, it’s also an important antioxidant. Folate, which is one of the B vitamins, Vitamin C and zinc are all incredibly affected by being on the pill. Iron and copper are more easily absorbed when you’re on the pill but they interfere with the absorption of zinc, which is vital to the functioning of the body. The pill can also bring about magnesium deficiency which increases PMS symptoms.
If conception happens soon after stopping

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.191591
Retrieved Text: Pancreas is a major organ producing the enzymes, that helps in your digestion. but , when your pancreas become diseased or damaged because of tumor that results in inflammation of pancreas, you may need surgery.
Pancreatic surgery is a minimally invasive procedure performed to remove the cancerous tumors in order to have extended life. It involves removal of head, or right-hand portion, of the pancreas, where most tumors occur.
It is often challenging as it involves an operation, recovery time, and a hospital stay. Most people doesn’t experience any complications, but these complications, if experienced can affect the way you live.
Post-surgical complications of pancreas aren’t much life threatening, but you need to have a clear observation of these complications. The most possible complication of Pancreatic surgery is the leakage of pancreatic digestive juices from the incision followed by bleeding or an infection which can be because of incomplete healing of anastomosis.
It is one of the major complication experienced by many patients. It happens when the joins between the bowel, liver and pancreas fail to heal properly, allowing the contents to leak out. It is one of the most important complication following the any pancreatic surgery that often results in a second operation.
Your stomach may not adapt the post surgery changes leading to loss of function of the stomach to empty its contents into the small intestine. As a result, your food may not be passed efficiently and you may have to stick to liquid-only diet for a while.
During this period, the patient may be nourished with a naso-gastric

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.00381
Retrieved Text: The Affordable Care Act isn't just screwing things up for ladies in the birth control department — Obamacare doesn't cover men's contraception like vasectomies and condoms even though the law requires most private health plans to offer the full range of contraception methods and services free of cost to consumers. But, the act only specifies preventive services for women, which leaves out methods men might traditionally buy. The Guttmacher Policy Review has released new analysis with solutions that would help men get access to contraception under the Affordable Care Act.
However shocking this might be to some, contraception for men is pretty damn important and widely used. According to the analysis, roughly 25 percent of female contraception users rely on methods used by their partners — male condoms or vasectomies — as their most effective means of preventing an unplanned pregnancy. Not only are condoms and vasectomies considerably less costly than some forms of female contraception — for example, female sterilization is more expensive than a vasectomy — both are also less invasive than most female birth control surgical procedures and have fewer dangerous risks associated with them.
This turns out to be pretty bad for couples, according to Adam Sonfield, the lead author of the analysis. Sonfield told Bustle in a phone interview that it's important for couples to be able to access whatever contraception they need at different points in their lives because relationships are always evolving.
By favoring female sterilization over male sterilization in terms of cost sharing, you're putting your finger on a scale that

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.659449
Retrieved Text: Any cancer is an abnormal growth of cells in the body called a tumour, which then becomes malignant, growing at an accelerated rate and causing damage to organs and parts of the body.
The pancreas is a very important organ within the digestive system, helping to convert, store and use the energy we can get from food. The pancreas creates and deliver enzymes, cells which are used to break down foods and enable the different nutrients and energy to be distributed around the body. This is done in the exocrine glands through ducts into the small intestine. The pancreas also creates and delivers insulin and similar hormones, which enable us to extract sugar in the form of glucose from food, and maintain healthy blood sugar levels throughout the body. This is done in the endocrine glands. Those with diabetes, who are incidentally more at risk of being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer, have either a shortage or complete lack of insulin production in the pancreas, meaning their blood sugar levels are too high. We’ve blogged about diabetes before if you would like to know more about that.
Put the two definitions together, and pancreatic cancer is an abnormal growth of cells known as a tumour, in some area of the pancreas. The different types of cancer are largely to do with where in the pancreas the cancerous cells grow. There are two main types of pancreatic cancer and then some other rarer forms, some of which we have detailed below. There are so many sub-categories of cancers that we

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.314953
Retrieved Text: This medicine is not right for everyone. Do not use it if you had an allergic reaction to dapagliflozin.
Take your medicine as directed. Your dose may need to be changed several times to find what works best for you. This medicine is usually taken in the morning.
Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or if you have kidney disease, liver disease, high cholesterol, or a history of pancreas problems, genital yeast or urinary tract infections, or bladder cancer. Tell your doctor if you are on a low-salt diet or if you drink alcohol.
Tell any doctor or dentist who treats you that you are using this medicine. This medicine may affect certain medical test results. This medicine may affect the results of urine glucose tests.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.165897
Retrieved Text: This medicine is not right for everyone. Do not use it if you had an allergic reaction to dapagliflozin or metformin.
Several other medicines may affect your blood sugar levels. Closely monitor your blood sugar levels when you start or stop another medicine while you are using dapagliflozin/metformin.
Limit the amount of alcohol you drink. Heavy alcohol use increases your risk for lactic acidosis.
Tell your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, or if you have kidney disease, liver disease, adrenal or pituitary disease, heart failure, high cholesterol, a vitamin B12 deficiency, or a history of bladder cancer, pancreas problems, or urinary tract or genital yeast infections. Tell your doctor if you are on a low-salt diet.
Tell any doctor or dentist who treats you that you are using this medicine. This medicine may affect certain medical test results. This medicine may affect the results of urine glucose tests or interact with the dye used for an x-ray or a CT scan.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.160568
Retrieved Text: Aldesleukin is a protein produced naturally in the body in very small amounts. It is produced by a type of white blood cell called a T-lymphocyte. It works as part of the body’s defence mechanism (immune system) in fighting illness. Aldesleukin can be made commercially as a drug and is used as a treatment for cancer.
Aldesleukin is given to stimulate the body’s own defence mechanism to fight some types of cancer. The exact way in which it works is still not fully understood. However, it can stimulate white cells to recognise and destroy some cancer cells.
Flu-like symptoms These can occur quite soon after the drug has been given and it makes some people feel quite unwell. You may have aching joints or muscles, a high temperature, a feeling of no energy (lethargy) and chills. If these symptoms do happen, it is important to drink plenty of fluids and get plenty of rest. Paracetamol is often prescribed to help reduce these effects.
Feeling sick (nausea) and occasionally being sick (vomiting) Your doctor can now prescribe very effective anti-sickness (antiemetic) drugs to reduce or prevent these effects. If the sickness is not controlled, or if it continues, tell your doctor or nurse. There are other anti- sickness drugs that can be prescribed.
Loss of appetite A dietitian or specialist nurse at your hospital can give advice.
Skin changes Aldesleukin may cause red or darker, dry, itching skin, which may peel or blister. Your doctor can prescribe medicine and creams to help. If you already have a skin complaint such as psoriasis,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.054445
Retrieved Text: Loratadine (alavert, alavert) 10 mg, based on effectiveness and toleration.
Loratadine should be taken approximately 30-60 minutes before intended sexual activity and on an empty stomach. If after trying 50mg tablets four times without the desired effect.
Vacuum regularly and dust with a damp cloth. Check the package label for a list of the ingredients.
If you do not have a dose-measuring device, ask your pharmacist for one. Do not take loratadine antihistamine 10mg medicine to make up the missed dose. Follow the directions on the package label carefully, and ask your doctor or pharmacist to explain any part you do not understand.
Death can occur from the misuse of cough and cold medicines in very young children. Do not use in larger or smaller amounts or for longer than recommended. What's the difference between loratadine and other non-drowsy antihistamines? Loratadine is a medicine called an antihistamine.
Unless your doctor tells you otherwise, continue your normal diet. Check the package label for a list of the ingredients. Vacuum regularly and dust with a damp cloth. Dosage Information in more detail What happens if I miss a dose?
Is there any food or drink I need to avoid? Do not take 2 antihistamines together unless recommended by your doctor. What should I avoid while taking loratadine? However, loratadine, desloratadine and fexofenadine seem to be less likely to loratadine antihistamine 10mg you feel sleepy than cetirizine.
Some chewable dosage forms of loratadine may contain phenylalanine. Sometimes doctors recommend that people with severe itchy skin rash take 2 different antihistamines together for a few days. Use

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.048912
Retrieved Text: The term Hay fever broadly encompasses an allergic reaction to pollen from a variety of plants from trees to grasses and flowers.
You may dread the hay fever season. For different people this can last either for many months if they are sensitive to various types of pollens, or for a shorter period during the summer months if it's mostly a reaction to grasses. You will be very familiar with the symptoms that can range from mild to severe.
What happens when you have hay fever (also known as allergic rhinitis)?
When you suffer an allergic reaction, whether to pollen (causing hay fever symptoms), or to house dust mites, pet dander or mould spores, your immune system sees these substances as being harmful and reacts by producing an antibody. This is called Immunoglobulin E (IgE). These antibodies cause the release of histamine, resulting in the allergic symptoms. (Hence an antihistamine is a substance that dampens down the histamine response, reducing the allergic symptoms).
Symptoms of hay fever vary from one person to another but they typically include some or all of the following: runny nose, sneezing, coughing, itchy eyes and exacerbation of both asthma and eczema.
The main issue for most people with hay fever is how to survive the season. Many turn to antihistamines for relief and symptoms may be so bad that this is a necessity. However there are some fairly simple ways of reducing exposure to pollens and therefore helping to reduce the body's reaction.
Did you know that hay fever may also affect your mood? A review last

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.836927
Retrieved Text: I recently got a little bag of Bee Pollen fresh from Unicorn Island (yes…Unicorn Island!!!!!) in Southeast Asia. I’ve seen it used at juicebars and even put it on top of my smoothie bowl a couple of times without really knowing what it does for me. I decided to do some investigating to see just how this lil superfood is meant to affect me, and if I should really consume it on the reg or not.
My findings were pretty interesting.
Bee pollen is actually a complete protein.
I have a hard time finding non-meat forms of complete protein so I loved finding this out! Complete proteins, in short, offer you all the necessary amino acids, and incomplete proteins don’t. Woohoo!
Bee pollen can strengthen your immune system.
As a generally immune-suppressed individual, this is certainly a convincing finding.
Bee pollen is extremely nutritionally dense.
These little guys certainly pack a punch, boasting a whopping 250 active ingredients per serving. That’s a LOT. It has your standard proteins, fats, carbs, but it also has enzymes, nutrients, minerals, etc. that are hard to get otherwise.
Moooove over turmeric, there’s a new natural anti-inflammatory in town. Apparently, Bee Pollen can work as strongly as a naproxen/ibuprofen does in your body to fight off inflammation. Say more no fam. I’m taking Bee Pollen every day.
Bee Pollen can cause allergic reactions.
For me personally, I can’t foresee this being an issue, but if you are any type of allergic to pollen, Bee Pollen is probably not for you! Sorryyyy. You win some, you lose some.
There are a lot of

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.798216
Retrieved Text: Allergy is described as an exaggerated reaction of the immune system to foreign bodies and substances that are not harmful to normal non-allergic individuals. The response by the immune system is exaggerated since it treats these foreign bodies as threats to the health of the body, instead of discarding and eliminating them like it normally would. This reaction is possible if a certain response of the immune system is activated.
The mechanism of allergies begins with the so-called exaggerated reaction of the immune system to antigens. Antigens are special substances that trigger the immune system to release its antibodies. Once an antigen invades the body, the immune system will try to work out the nature of antigen by identifying whether it is dangerous or not. In people who have not developed allergies, all antigens are not harmful.
However, for people who had antigens which underwent previous sensitization, selected antigens are treated by the body as threats. Among allergic people, the invasion of an antigen will trigger a series of immune response known as allergic cascade. The result of which are allergic reactions and symptoms characterizing the specific allergy or the specific body part affected by the antigen.
The antigen to which a person is allergic to is called allergen which comes in forms of animal dander, foods, drugs, chemicals, pollens, dust mites and others.
Allergens can penetrate the body through various entry points. These entry points are basically distinguished by the nature of the allergen. For example, nasal passages are the passageways for pollens, dust mites, dust, molds and other

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.797434
Retrieved Text: SAN DIEGO – A war is being waged in the pancreases of millions of people throughout the world. The siege leads to the development of type 1 diabetes and has been a battlefield largely hidden from view — until now. Researchers at the La Jolla Institute for Allergy & Immunology have created the first cellular movies showing the destruction underlying type 1 diabetes in real-time in mouse models. This detailed, dynamic view will provide the worldwide scientific community insights into this disease process as never before possible and may profoundly affect future directions in type 1 diabetes research.
A paper on the team’s scientific findings, along with the cellular movies taken by the researchers, were published online today in the Journal of Clinical Investigation. The movies are freely available and can be seen at: http://www.jci.org/articles/view/59285 (movie links at end of paper). Ken Coppieters, Ph.D., formerly of the La Jolla Institute and now at Ghent University, Belgium, is first author on the study. Dr. von Herrath is senior author.
In the movies, objects resembling ants can be seen furiously scampering about looking for their prey. The “ants” are actually immune system T cells, the body’s cellular soldiers. The “prey” is insulin-producing beta cells, which the T cells mistakenly attack and destroy, eventually leading to type 1 diabetes.
The groundbreaking studies were enabled through the use of a two-photon microscope and a new procedure developed by Dr. von Herrath that allowed the microscope’s use in the pancreas. The pancreas is a small, soft and difficult to access organ that has long

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.658613
Retrieved Text: Diabetes is a condition in which the level of glucose (a sugar) in the blood is too high. This is caused by a problem with the hormone insulin and its role in controlling blood glucose levels. When you eat, your body turns food into sugars, or glucose. At that point, your pancreas is supposed to release insulin.
Insulin serves as a key to open your cells, to allow the glucose to enter -- and allow you to use the glucose for energy But with diabetes, this system does not work.
Several major things can go wrong – causing the onset of diabetes. Type 1 and type 2 diabetes are the most common forms of the disease, but there are also other kinds, such as gestational diabetes, which occurs during pregnancy, as well as other forms.
used to be called adult-onset diabetes, but with the epidemic of obese and overweight kids, more teenagers are now developing type 2 diabetes. Type 2 diabetes was also called non-insulin-dependent diabetes.
Type 2 diabetes is often a milder form of diabetes than type 1. Nevertheless, type 2 diabetes can still cause major health complications, particularly in the smallest blood vessels in the body that nourish the kidneys, nerves, and eyes. Type 2 diabetes also increases your risk of heart disease and stroke.
With Type 2 diabetes, the pancreas usually produces some insulin. But either the amount produced is not enough for the bodys needs, or the bodys cells are resistant to it. Insulin resistance, or lack of sensitivity to insulin, happens primarily in fat, liver, and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.63534
Retrieved Text: Queen of Thorns is frothing over the announcements today on the subject of contraception for beneficiaries. I'm frothing too. Truth is I'm angry, very angry. Too angry to read what other bloggers have to say on the matter; even bloggers I tend to agree with.
On one hand I am compelled to admire the audacity, and the tactical smarts behind the design and timing. Let's face it, the last attempt National made (saving us from mass alien landings – ummm??) was pretty poor. If you don't think about it, this seems like it could be a good idea. A little bit of thought shows it up for the [ugh, words fail me] that this is. In terms of relieving pressure over the John Banks thing, it's a godsend.
It's only the fuddy-duddy religious sorts that are against contraception, right? I don't really hang out with the "anti-contraception" sorts, being a self-identifying hopelessly liberal. And as a result of that hopelessly liberal tag, I'm all for contraception. Except when you want to have children, then contraception is kind of counter-productive. Contraception = tick.
Free contraception. Having established that I support contraception, we then proceed to the issue of access. One of the reasons people fail to use contraception is barriers to access. One of those barriers is cost. Make it free, there goes that barrier. Free = tick.
There is a kicker. Some barriers are necessary. Because many forms of contraception have medical related issues and long term impacts, it is essential that the users are aware of the issues and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.63501
Retrieved Text: For many women who are seeking a suitable form of contraception, the options offered can seem vast and confusing.
Birth control methods have evolved dramatically over the past forty years, and women now have more choice than ever before so it is easier to find a method that suits their needs.
What Is The Hormone Implant?
The hormone implant is a small device that is inserted under the skin and can be used as a form of contraception, or as a method of receiving hormone replacement therapy.
When a hormone implant is used for contraceptive purposes, it is normally situated on the inner side of the upper arm. Roughly 4 cm in length and just a few millimetres wide, it contains a synthetic form of the hormone called progesterone, which is released slowly into the blood stream.
This hormone helps to prevent eggs being released from the ovaries, known as ovulation, and also thickens the cervical mucus stopping any sperm from getting through into the uterus. These two mechanisms prevent pregnancy.
It is usually given in the arm that is not the most dominant to the person, for example a left-handed woman will normally be offered the implant in the right arm. The procedure for insertion may require the use of a local anaesthetic and is given using sterile equipment.
One of the biggest benefits of selecting this form of birth control includes its long term ability of providing contraception. The implant can stay in situ for up to three years (providing it is not rejected by the body, though this is very

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.552551
Retrieved Text: Allergies affect 1 in every 3 people. Allergies are hypersensitivity reactions to allergens. One can be allergic to almost anything. Right from chemicals to even animals, and from rare plants to the most commonly used substances; anything can cause allergy. Find out more about allergies - their causes, symptoms and relief measures.
Fatigue and exhaustion are the common aftermaths of strong allergic reactions. This article explains the reasons behind extreme fatigue due to allergies.
Do you get rashes all over your body which does not go away even after you apply moisturizers and lotions? Be aware, it may be due to lanolin allergy. Read on, to find out more about this condition.
Allergic reactions to mosquito bites are characterized by reactions that are different from the usual itchy bump after mosquito bite. Read on to know more..
Having an allergic reaction to antibiotics is becoming quite common, as the use of antibiotics to treat various infections has increased a lot. This article deals with antibiotic allergy and its treatment options.
Allergy is one of the most prominent reasons for sore throat. Read more on sore throat allergies, its symptoms and remedies in this article.
Chest congestion caused by allergies can be a scary situation to handle at first; as the individual suffers from cough, chest pains, and difficulty in breathing. However, with certain modes of treatment, you are sure to feel better.
Although iodine allergy is a rare medical condition, it can be life-threatening for the affected person. Having said that, knowing about its symptoms is crucial so that treatment could be started

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.472813
Retrieved Text: Did you know that FOOD ALLERGIES are MOSTLY THE RESULT OF BAD DIGESTION? In today’s world, it is very easy to think of several people you may know with food allergies – maybe even yourself. If you have ever wondered why this happens, let me explain it to you!
I can’t help but think how strange it is that food allergies seemed to come out of no-where. I am in my mid-thirties and I can’t remember a single kid in any of my classes growing up with a food allergy or sensitivity. Now it seems like EVERYONE has some type of allergy…peanuts, eggs, food dye, gluten, soy, dairy, corn and the list goes on and on!
It is almost impossible to have someone over for dinner without asking ahead of time if they have anything they are allergic to. Have you ever thought that it was strange how SO MANY CHILDREN suffer terrible allergies to food? Doesn’t it seem even stranger how SO MANY PEOPLE IN THEIR ADULT YEARS ARE DEVELOPING FOOD ALLERGIES? A lot of this is due to digestion or lack thereof….
Yesterday, we journeyed all the way down the digestion tract to the beginning of the small intestine. Today that is where we will start! Buckle up as we continue on the journey of digestion.
When we think of digestion, we only tend to really think about our stomachs because that is where we tend to experience symptoms the most. You may be surprised to know that MOST OF OUR DIGESTION ACTUALLY OCCURS IN THE SMALL INTESTINE!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.466177
Retrieved Text: cat diseasesOne thing to remember; when your cat throws up this is definitely not normal and something is going wrong here. This is why you need to quickly take measures in order to understand the problem and get rid of it quickly or else it will affect your cat and lower its life quality. You need to understand the cause of the vomiting itself. Once you understand what is the cause of the cats vomiting you can apply to your vet and discuss further possible treatments.
This is directly connected to the results that can occur later on. If you feed your cat with a poor quality, rendered food, this will affect the cat and how the cat feels. What do we mean by saying rendered food? This means that the proteins in the cat’s food are not approved for human consumption. They consist of slaughterhouse leftovers – bird feathers and beaks, animal skin, hooves, eyes, and heads. Things humans definitely do not eat. Much amount of protein is included in these things, however, they can be very hard digested and assimilated, which will eventually result in vomiting. People do not say in vain that we are what we eat.
There are some cats who are allergic to food and this is expressed by ongoing vomiting for a long period of time. How to distinguish between vomiting because of food poisoning and just a random vomiting? In order to understand the full reason of vomiting just review the cat’s behavior. In case the cat acts normal, has a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.24216
Retrieved Text: Alima was 15 years old when she travelled from her home to the capital of Ghana, Accra, to save up for wedding crockery.
But life in the city can be risky for young girls like Alima. Working in the markets girls often end up sleeping on the streets where they are in danger of being raped or entering into prostitution. And getting pregnant can turn around a girls’ life from one day to the other – as well as pose serious risks to their health. Fortunately for Alima she knew of a clinic in the city where girls and women can get advice on pregnancy and contraception.
For African women in rural areas this access to contraception that Alima was lucky to have is nearly impossible. Hawa is a woman living in a small village in Kenya who has not been able to use contraception because she lives too far from a clinic. She says that she has been struggling to feed her five children and feels that she could have led a been very different if only she had access to contraception.
The usual contraception used in African countries is the IUD, the pill, arm implants, and tubal ligations. Now there is a new solution introduced in some African countries: the Sayana Press. The Sayana Press looks almost like a tiny golf ball on a tee and it is a combined needle and pre-filled plastic bubble with a contraceptive drug. Healthcare workers can inject the drug simply by squeezing the bubble. Since it is single-use it also limits

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.174303
Retrieved Text: Some people break out in red bumps and lumps when wool touches their skin. However, in many cases, a reaction to wool isn't due to allergies. Instead, direct skin contact with wool often causes irritation because of the slightly scratchy nature of some woolen clothing or because of chemicals in the fabric. The grade of wool and the type of garment also affects the chances of triggering allergy-like symptoms.
Wool is a natural fiber sheared from sheep and some goats. Once the wool is sheared from the animal, machines or human hands spin it into finer strands suitable for clothing and textiles. Wool sold in fabric stores comes in different grades. Fine grades, such as ultra-fine merino, tend to have softer, thinner fibers. These trigger fewer allergic-type reactions. Lower grades, such as carpet wool, have course, scratchy fibers. These can irritate the skin. Cheap, woolen clothes might also contain chemicals that can cause allergies.
Contact dermatitis occurs when a substance or fabric causes an allergic reaction on your skin. This can range from a light rash to blistering. The latter usually only occurs with chemical substances. Wool triggers contact dermatitis in some people, according to the McKinley Health Center. It may particularly affect sensitive skin areas, such as your wrists or underarms. In some cases, the contact dermatitis isn't an allergic reaction but simply your skin reacting to irritation. Symptoms tend to occur in both cases.
Pain receptors on your skin determine how you respond to wool, according to Health Services at Columbia. Responses vary depending on your skin

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.135288
Retrieved Text: When I was a kid and being fascinated by random things I don’t enjoy as much now just because they were new. Even chores like helping someone do the dishes, or running errands all day long seemed to be a chance to experience something exciting and I looked forward to it. But then again, I suppose as a child you can’t afford to not be fully present at every moment. It’s how we learn about the world and our role in it relative to our surroundings. When do we stop being present in the moment? How does this affect our health and well-being? And what can we do about it? i suppose its a gradual process that starts in childhood to some degrees and is experienced more acutely in adulthood.
For some luckily it never happens. But now a days its increasingly common. We spend our days planning for the future, worrying about it, or both. We see things and react to them based on passed experiences and could become unwilling or just not have the awareness necessary to let things go, to start fresh. I guess its just too easy to get so stuck in a set way of seeing things that it blinds us to the perspective of realizing how everything alive is constantly changing and evolving, including ourselves of course.
A wise person once told me that every moment holds the possibility of a New Year. I suppose if that is true, we’re missing out on countless opportunities for New Years through out our lives.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.057638
Retrieved Text: Mother Nature is a genius and breast milk is always just right. It changes as the nursing session progresses, from watery, thirst-quenching foremilk at the beginning to rich, nutritious hindmilk as the feeding goes on. Don’t worry about what it looks like – just trust it’s perfectly balanced for your baby.
Your newborn’s stomach is only the size of its fist, so they need to fill up little and often and sometimes they just need a drink rather than a full meal. If your feeding position is right and your baby is settled after eating, then frequent feeding is good – it’s stimulating plenty of milk for the future.
Forget the clock and feed on demand when your baby is showing signs of being hungry. Their appetite will vary from one meal to the next and one day to the next, so don’t expect any pattern or routine in the first few weeks.
A healthy diet of vegetables, fruits, grains and proteins is all that a mother needs to provide the proper nutrients to produce milk. Calcium can be obtained from a variety of non-dairy foods, such as dark green vegetables, seeds, nuts and bony fish. After all, do you see any other mammal drinking milk??
Don’t worry – you cannot be allergic to breast milk. But your baby CAN be allergic to something you are eating (most commonly cow’s milk or soy!) If you find this is the case, then removing the suspected food from your diet usually solves the problem.
It can be confusing for little mouths switching between

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.94409
Retrieved Text: How important is the pancreas? Well the pancreas is the organ in your body that produces insulin. Since this is the major hormone that helps to regulate and control your blood sugar levels, then I would say it is VERY important, wouldn’t you? This is especially important if you have diabetes. Insulin is the hormone that is responsible for your glucose levels by helping to move and get the glucose from your blood into your cells.
Issues begin to arise when diabetes starts affecting your pancreas. The beta cells are overworking as the bloodstream becomes higher with sugar and this makes it toxic with blood fats also increasing and the end result is that this has a negative effect on your cells and their ability to produce sufficient amounts of insulin.
It’s necessary to treat this situation with either drugs and/or injections of the proper amounts of insulin to control your blood sugar levels, thereby restoring your balance of these levels and at the same time decreasing the fat content in your bloodstream.
I am personally not a fan of medications because they only mask the problem and even though they help, my way of treating anything is by natural products and methods. We are what we eat I always say. A lot of the health issues that we have today come from bad choices we make that affect us and have us in the particular situations that we are currently in now.
It seems that all we ever talk about or hear from everyone including the doctors is to

================



======= Instance Index 24 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A butterfly lays an egg
- A larvae matures inside of the egg
- The caterpillar hatches from the egg
- The caterpillar eats and grows
- The caterpillar spins a coccoon around itself and forms into a pupa
- The butterfly forms inside of the coccoon
- The mature butterfly emerges from the coccoon
- The butterfly mates
- The female butterfly lays eggs.

Question:
suppose the engine not getting enough air happens, how will it affect Less caterpillars eat and grow.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 35.347374
Retrieved Text: Guess what! We had something so special delivered to us this week! As you know our topic is 'Minibeasts' this term and we are now the very proud owners of ten tiny, beautiful, baby caterpillars! Well, we say tiny, they were on Monday, when we opened the parcel! We've had them for five whole days and they have doubled their size! It must be that special food they are enjoying in their tubs.
We have found out so much about caterpillars this week! We have been reading lots of non-fiction books to help us research food they like to eat, where they like to live and what happens when they grow up!
We have looked at the 'Life Cycle of a Butterfly' and soon our caterpillars will be getting ready to turn into a chrysalis! We'll keep you posted!
We have listened to the story 'The Hungry Caterpillar' and looked at all the different food he ate to help him grow. We tasted different fruits and decided which ones we liked and disliked. Everyone in Reception could choose to do caterpillar and butterfly collage, paint minibeast pictures and make models. In maths this week we counted caterpillars on leaves to make different number sentences!
Such a busy week! Here are some pictures of the fun we have had.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 34.78528
Retrieved Text: All my caterpillars (Black swallowtails) suddenly died. They just… quit eating. One was writhing in the ground, refusing to eat. We had at least 25 very healthy caterpillars and once they ate one plant to the nubbins, they just refused to move to another, fresher plant. Do you have any idea what caused this?
Oh no, I’m sorry to hear about your loss! For moth caterpillars, they will go prepupal, where they stop eating, wander around, generally look sick, then stop moving before they pupate. But for butterfly caterpillars, you wouldn’t expect this, since they need to make their silk pad and dangle for a bit before they pupate.
Where did you get their first plant vs their second plant? Are there any differences between the two?
1. The plants weren’t the same exact species. A lot of caterpillars will eat similar, though closely related, plant species. Monarchs and milkweed are a common one—as far as I’m aware, any milkweed will do. Swallowtails eat citrus plants (right?), but I don’t know if they will eat all similar plants, or only a few. Additionally, although some caterpillars will eat whatever they find, some will only eat what they ate when they first hatched or before their last molt. I raise Unicorn Prominent moths, and I always find them on my baby plum tree. But, they will eat elm, so I try to move them over to elm. My last batch got big enough by the time I tried to move them that they would only eat plum.
2. If the plants

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.444717
Retrieved Text: In the garden caterpillars are usually bad since they eat leaves and fruit. However, butterflies and moths are usually considered good since they are great pollinators and beautiful to look at. Unfortunately you can’t have butterflies and moths without caterpillars.
At the Fruitful Field we prefer to let all of these live unless they are creating a problem. If there are just a couple of holes in your plant leaves let them go. However, if they are completely destroying your crop, by all means check out the Control section below.
Caterpillars damage plants by eating their leaves and in some cases their fruits. Some do very little damage, particularly to large plants. Others do significant damage such as the hornworm on the right. Hornworms are usually found by tomato farmers who are trying to figure out where half their plant went. Tobacco hornworms are voracious eaters and can increase their weight ten-thousandfold in less than twenty days .
If caterpillars become a problem you may decide to get rid of them. If it is a small infestation, they are easy enough to pick off. Be careful because some hairy varieties have the ability to sting. For a larger infestation spraying is possible with bacillus thuringensis (BT). BT is a bacteria that kills caterpillars but does not affect humans. Be careful with any spraying since BT can affect buttefly and moth populations. Please spray as small an area as possible, and never spray on a windy day. You can find BT at Home Depot under the brand name Thuricide.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.576283
Retrieved Text: Lepidoptera is the second largest class of insects, consisting of butterflies and moths. Caterpillars are the larval form of butterflies and moths, which is the stage they are in before undergoing metamorphosis.
Caterpillars are often looked at as agriculture pests. They have an extremely ravenous diet, which makes them want to eat anything and everything in sight. This could mean great danger for the flowers, food, and other plants in your garden.
Caterpillars are made up of three body parts: the head, the thorax, and the abdomen. They have six legs that stem from their thorax. These are jointed legs with hooks that are used to pick up their food. Caterpillars also have prolegs, stumpy little bits that come out of the abdomen to help them climb, especially on vertical surfaces. These are not considered to be true legs.
Caterpillars breathe through their spiracles, which are small openings on the sides of their thorax and abdomen. A few types of caterpillars are even considered to be aquatic because they possess gills, which allow them to breathe underwater.
Humans are made up of 629 muscles, while caterpillars have more than six times that amount, at 4,000. They have 248 muscles just in their head.
Caterpillars lack a good sense of vision. Instead of actual eyes, they have six stemmata (small eyelets) on each side of their head. With these, the resolution of images is compromised. As for hearing, some caterpillars can pick up vibrations if they are at a specific frequency, but it's unclear how well they can hear sounds.
Caterpillars' bodies are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 32.646427
Retrieved Text: I grew my tomatoes using the method described on the website (www.vegetable-garden-guide.com/how-to-grow-tomatoes.html) this year.
Preparing greenhouse soil, hole in underside of growbag, using a planting ring, planting tomatoes in growbags and filling ring when plant was tall enough to encourage more feeding roots from the stem.
I have had amazing results. The best tomatoe crop in years! I've been growing tomatoes for about 25 years in total!
I had a nasty few caterpillars eat away some leaves but this was soon taken care of.... It was around early June and I found out it was a type of moth that loves tomato leaves.
A small frog took delight in making me jump when he leapt out during watering! But he took care of the slugs!
I would say that two plants per bag worked, but I will investigate how much grow bag soil was left root free.... I might try three plants next year....Amazing results and still more to ripen..... First tomatoes picked mid July and still picking!
I choose to plant two tomato plants per bag to give enough room for air to circulate. But that's a personal choice, it would be interesting to know the results of three plants per bag should you go ahead.
I wish you all success for next years crop!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.031452
Retrieved Text: In fact, for every gallon of gas you burn, your engine needs 12,000 gallons of air. That little filter does a very big job. It's no wonder that the air filter gets dirty and needs to be replaced. Think about a vacuum cleaner. When the bag gets full of dust and dirt, the vacuum doesn't clean as well. It can't move enough air to create good suction. A clogged engine air filter is the same way – the engine can't get enough air to burn the fuel efficiently. That means less power and wasted gas.
That's why your manufacturer has recommended that you change your filter at regular intervals. Of course the conditions you drive in will affect how quickly the filter gets dirty. If you drive where it's very dusty or where there's lots of pollen or pollution, you may need to change the filter sooner. The filter is easy to check visually, so your service technician can quickly make the call. He might recommend immediate replacement, or simply let you know that it is getting close and that you'll need to replace it soon – like at your next oil change.
The better your car breathes, the better it runs – kind of like people. And don't worry – if you have a question or don't understand a recommendation just contact Camarillo Car Care Center at 805-482-2853 or contact us.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 31.296265
Retrieved Text: Posted April 14, 2016 .
Do you suffer from bad breath? Are you self-conscious that others will notice? Don’t let your struggles have a negative impact on your social life. There are many causes of bad breath, as well as many solutions.
Dry Mouth – Does your mouth feel dry and sticky? You may not be producing enough saliva. Saliva works full-time to clean out your mouth. If you don’t have enough saliva, your mouth may not be getting as cleaned as needed, which can cause bad breath.
Gum Disease – If you have bad breath that won’t go away or a persistent bad taste in your mouth, you may have gum disease.
Food – There are many foods that can cause bad breath, like onions, garlic, and coffee. These foods affect the air you exhale.
Smoking & Tobacco Products – Smoking gives you bad breath and can cause other dental and health problems. Tobacco irritates gum tissues and makes the user more likely to develop gum disease. Smoking affects the sense of smell, so smokers may not know how their bad breath smells.
Bacteria – Bad breath is often caused by the bacteria in your mouth. Your mouth allows a place for these bacteria to grow and when you eat, the bacteria feeds on the leftover food particles. When this happens, a bad-smelling waste product is left behind.
Medical Conditions – Bad breath can be caused by medical issues such as sinus problems, diabetes, or liver disease. If our dentist has ruled out dental causes for your bad breath, please see your

########
Rank: 7
Score: 31.2767
Retrieved Text: The most commonly found insects from around the world.
An ant is a small, common insect found all over the world. They live in organised colonies that are mostly workers, with one queen.
The antlion is the larval stage of a kind of flying insect often called a lacewing. Antlions get their name because they eat mostly ants. They live in dry, sandy areas and make their cocoons out of sand stuck together with silk. They catch ants to eat by digging small pits in the sand. Ants fall into the pits and have trouble getting back out, and the antlion comes out from hiding at the centre of the pit and eats them.
Aphids, also called plant lice, are a tiny, sapsucking insect. They are attracted to fresh new shoots of plants, especially developing fruit and flowerbuds. They can do a lot of damage to crops, and gardeners do not like them. Aphids can be killed by poison, removed by squirting them off with water from a hose, or their numbers can be reduced naturally by encouraging aphid-eaters like ladybugs and wasps into your garden. The aphids in the picture are on a the developing flower bud of a rose.
Bees are flying insects that collect nectar and pollen from flowers. Some kinds of bee make honey. Many kinds of bee live in colonies, with hundreds of worker bees and one queen bee.
Beetles are crawling insects with hard shells. They often live in dead leaves, under tree bark or among the leaves of plants. Some beetles have wings under

########
Rank: 8
Score: 30.662872
Retrieved Text: In late spring of 2016, the march of gypsy moth caterpillars spelled trouble for the deciduous tree population in New England states. A photo from Earth orbit taken in June 2016 shows the damage done by these invasive insects in just one month during the late spring. Can anything be done to stop these very hungry caterpillars?
Trees that were green in a photograph taken in late May 2016 showed up as brown a month later due to gypsy moth caterpillars munching their way through the western half of Rhode Island. During late spring, millions of gypsy moth caterpillars spread through deciduous forests and decimated entire patches of forests. Evergreen trees with pine cones in the area were spared because the moths don’t eat these types of plants.
Drought conditions, coupled with the decline of the gypsy moth caterpillar’s natural predators, led to a population explosion of these insects. White-footed mice consider gypsy moth caterpillars a delicacy, but they also eat acorns. A lack of acorn production from Rhode Island’s oak trees, brought on by drought conditions, caused a decline in mice numbers. Consequently, a perfect storm of a population increase coupled with how the caterpillars move among trees resulted in massive tree damage.
When a scientist in Medford, Massachusetts, wanted to breed a hardy silkworm in 1869, some imported specimens escaped into a vacant lot next to his house, and the rest is gypsy moth caterpillar history. Human efforts to eradicate them have been unsuccessful because gypsy moth caterpillars spread rapidly and eat frequently. Young caterpillars eat the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 30.478136
Retrieved Text: Those bright, green-striped caterpillars nibbling on your tomato plants are called hornworms. You can recognize one by the apparently sharp horn on its tail. Actually, the horns aren't sharp -- and they aren't stingers -- but deterrents against head-eating insects. These large caterpillars may be in the larvae stage, but they are usually around five-inches long. They love to eat like most babies -- these young'uns can decimate your tomato plant in just a couple of days!
Gardeners either love them or hate them. They love them because they make great chicken food and fish bait. Most hate them because your entire crop of tomatoes can be wiped out before you even realize the pests are feasting.
Hornworms eventually become beautiful hummingbird moths. Despite their adult beauty, the larvae must go if you want to save your tomato plants. You can try to pick them off the leaves or tomatoes. You may recoil when you touch them, as your fingers may feel like they can go right through their soft bodies. But if you choose to physically remove them, simply drop them in a large bucket and drown them with water.
If you choose not to pick them off your plant, you can wait for nature to do it for you. However, you risk losing your tomatoes. You can buy ladybugs to eat them. Often you will notice that there are little white eggs sitting on the backs of the hornworms. These were laid by wasps. Wasps love to eat them or use them for feeding their eggs. The

########
Rank: 10
Score: 30.230669
Retrieved Text: The seed can grow almost anywhere in North America. When you are ready to plant, place the seeds 1/8” below the soil surface. You can use a deep pot since most milkweeds have long roots. Don't plant the seeds too deep, because they need plenty of light and warmth to germinate and grow (at 70 degrees within 14 days). Keep the seedlings moist for the first three weeks after they sprout, then transplant to larger containers with quality soil if necessary. You can lightly fertilize them after the seedling stage, using a regular flower fertilizer. Cutting off the top of the plants after they reach 8-12" creates more stalks and more leaves. It takes about two months before the plant is large enough for caterpillars to eat. When the leaves have been eaten, simply cut the plant off about three inches above the soil or just above the lowest branching of the stalk and the plant will grow back fuller and create even more food for Monarchs.
Warning: one caterpillar will eat 20+ large leaves so make sure you have enough plants to support the number of caterpillars you have, or they will starve. For ground grown plants we usually start seeds in nursery trays. When the seedlings have at least two sets of leaves we transplant to larger containers with good drainage. The seedlings have long roots and must be kept moist so transplant and water soon after. We suggest you purchase the best potting soil available as this will greatly accelerate the growth of these

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.797678
Retrieved Text: Many LAKE FOREST auto owners have found themselves in the following situation: they go to get their oil changed and their thoughtful West Coast Rovers service advisor recommends a new engine air filter. They say yes, but don’t know what an air filter is or what it does.
If this has happened to you, rest assured that you did the right thing by getting a new one. But you should never be too embarrassed to ask your West Coast Rovers technician for more information. It’s your money and you have a right to understand what you’re paying for.
Air is the focus of this discussion. What is the air like outside in LAKE FOREST right now? Can you see any smog? Is it full of pollen? How about dust? Anyone in CA with hay fever can tell you that there’s plenty in the air that you can’t see. Well, the engine air filter’s critical job is to clean that air before it goes into your minivan engine, to mix with the fuel and be burned. Without an engine air filter, the inside of your minivan engine would be extremely dirty from all the gunk that was burned in the cylinders.
In fact, for every gallon of gas you burn, your minivan engine needs 12,000 gallons of air. That little filter does a very big job. It’s no wonder that the air filter gets dirty and needs to be replaced. Think about a vacuum cleaner. When the bag gets full of dust and dirt, the vacuum doesn’t clean as well.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.789543
Retrieved Text: Many DODGEVILLE car owners have found themselves in the following situation: they go to get their oil changed and their thoughtful Marks Auto Repair service advisor recommends a new engine air filter. They say yes, but don’t know what an air filter is or what it does.
If this has happened to you, rest assured that you did the right thing by getting a new one. But you should never be too embarrassed to ask your Marks Auto Repair technician for more information. It’s your bucks and you have a right to understand what you’re paying for.
Air is the focus of this discussion. What is the air like outside in DODGEVILLE right now? Can you see any smog? Is it full of pollen? How about dust? Anyone in WI with hay fever can tell you that there’s plenty in the air that you can’t see. Well, the engine air filter’s essential job is to clean that air before it goes into your truck engine, to mix with the fuel and be burned. Without an engine air filter, the inside of your truck engine would be extremely dirty from all the gunk that was burned in the cylinders.
In fact, for every gallon of gas you burn, your truck engine needs 12,000 gallons of air. That little filter does a very big job. It’s no wonder that the air filter gets dirty and needs to be replaced. Think about a vacuum cleaner. When the bag gets full of dust and dirt, the vacuum doesn’t clean as well. It can’t

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.76372
Retrieved Text: Last time we did a flash review of the information we’ve covered in this series, and it’s pretty much what we need if we decide we really want to save our ecosystem for future generations, except for one thing I haven’t yet put on the radio, the blog, or the book, and that is the concept of limiting factors. Because it’s so difficult to explain without a blackboard. But it’s also very important.
Limiting factors are those conditions that prevent any population from growing beyond the ability of the ecosystem to support it, and they come in levels, or layers, so the first limiting factor that a population might face – every organism is somewhat different, and that’s why we have so many organisms. They all live in different niches of the ecosystem that have different requirements for staying alive. Anyhow, let’s make one up. Suppose it’s a mouse living in Texas and the first limiting factor is water. I mean a species of mouse, not one individual mouse. So this mouse species can not live in areas where there is not as much water as it requires. Also, as global warming increases, the amount of water will be less and there are fluctuations year by year. The mouse population is responsive to all these changes, mostly in terms of how many babies they can raise in any given area and year. The mouse can’t raise babies in areas that have not enough water. For humans, up to now, we have taken care of the water problem

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.651897
Retrieved Text: Nutrition with Jane McClenaghan: How healthy are you and can eating affect that?
HOW would it feel to be 100 per cent super duper healthy? When I ask that question in the workshops that I run, the first thing people usually say is "to feel energised", closely followed by "happiness".
Of course if our physical health is impaired, this can have an impact on our mental wellbeing and perhaps restrict our social interaction too. As human beings, we are complex creatures, with a variety of likes and dislikes, habits and routines, so no two people will thrive on the same diet.
There are so many factors that affect the food choices we make. Our mood, who we are eating with, what’s in the fridge, how much money we have to spend, how much time we have to cook, and even the time of day all have an impact on our choices.
:: Keep well hydrated: Aim to drink about one and a half litres of water a day. Not cordials, tea, coffee, fizzy drinks or juice. Just pure, fresh, clean water.
:: Eat more vegetables: Even if you are getting the recommended five a day, we can all do a little bit better. In some quarters, it is thought we could do well to aim for between seven and 10 portions of vegetables and fruit a day. Aim to munch your way through more vegetables than fruit, as they tend to be more nutrient dense and lower in sugar.
:: Eat enough fat: Fat is an essential nutrient (unlike sugar!), so we

########
Rank: 15
Score: 29.620255
Retrieved Text: A Painted Lady Butterfly Larvae Kit will provide hours of scientific educational enjoyment for the entire family. What a perfect hands-on supplement to your home-school science curriculum!
As your child watches tiny caterpillars turn into butterflies right before his or her very eyes, they will learn the complete process of the Painted Lady butterfly’s metamorphosis.
So how does it work? Easy, order a larvae kit! You don’t’ need anything fancy here, just the butterfly larvae, which comes in a cup with food, and that’s all you will need. No need for a fancy habitat unless you plan on keeping or breeding your butterflies.
Next, watch as the tiny larvae eat, grow and change through each stage of develop as it happens right inside the cup.
Once all your caterpillars have become chrysalises, your child can either leave them inside the cup or place the chrysalis into a butterfly habitat and wait for the adult butterflies to emerge, which will be in about 7 to 10 days. Throughout the entire process, your child will keep a butterfly growth journal and learn amazing facts about the Painted Lady butterfly, such as she may travel 1,000 miles in her lifetime, she has 10,000 eyes, she can lay up to 500 eggs, she tastes with her feet and more!
What could be more exciting to a young scientist?
Once the Painted Lady butterflies have hatched, your child can experience feeding the butterflies, learning how and what they will eat. We feed our butterflies slices of oranges and other ripe juicy fruits. And since Painted Lady butterflies

########
Rank: 16
Score: 29.605904
Retrieved Text: Bagworm caterpillars are a nuisance that can ruin the plants in your yard or garden; they prefer trees such as spruce, cedar, and pine. If you think that you have these bag worms on any item on your lawn, it is best to contact a lawn company so that they can get rid of them as soon as possible. These worms are found in sac-like structures and are most prevalent in late spring. However, since bag worms usually lay their eggs in the fall, this is the time when you need to start looking for them.
Companies that get rid of bag worms in Edmond, OK use a variety of materials and methods to help you eliminate these pests. Since their technicians are experts at looking for these caterpillars, they will be able to catch them regardless of their size or how long they’ve been there. Getting rid of bag worms on your own can be a bit complex but professional lawn companies know just what to do to get rid of them quickly and keep them away for a very long time.
Because they start out small and grow larger over time, bagworm caterpillars are sometimes difficult to see, which is why trusting the professionals to find them is such a good idea. They grow up to two inches in length but they start out very small, which means that they are easy to miss. If you visit Trinity Lawns LLC either online or in person, you can find out more about services regarding these pests. Whether

########
Rank: 17
Score: 29.560959
Retrieved Text: A butterfly terrarium, also known as a butterfly nursery, can be an open or closed environmental system that fosters the growth of caterpillars into butterflies. A closed butterfly terrarium protects your caterpillars from predators, giving them time to spin a chrysalis and change into a butterfly. An open butterfly terrarium allows the caterpillar waste to dry quickly and provides the maximum amount of air circulation. Make an effective butterfly terrarium with just a few household items.
Use a mesh hamper to make a butterfly terrarium.
Pop up the mesh clothes hamper by pulling up on the top rim so that the hamper extends to its fullest height possible. Remove any tags, plastic or other material from the outside and inside of the hamper.
Check the new hamper for any holes or ripped seams that may allow wasps and other insects to get inside and harm the caterpillars. Carefully examine the top to ensure that it will open easily and close tightly.
Place the hamper in a sunny area either indoors or on a screened in porch away from any obvious bee's or wasp's nest, and place the hamper in a dry place. Keep the hamper away from any large objects that can knock into it or tip it over such as benches, chairs, tables and other furniture, and keep it out of the way of frequent foot traffic.
Unzip the top and fold it back over the hamper side. Crumple some waste paper, place it on the bottom of the hamper and change the waste paper every few days.
You can pile

########
Rank: 18
Score: 29.423595
Retrieved Text: Butterfly farming can be a sensible way to supply food for butterflies, pollinate plants, and delight in observing them fly around. The fulfillment which gardeners get through watching butterflies and various wildlife within their gardens are an outstanding reward for their farming endeavors. Butterfly gardening is the skill of employing flowers and plants which bring butterflies to your house. The gorgeous insects will flutter around the backyard, amusing and thrilling you.
Butterfly farming is swiftly growing increasingly popular. Its considered to be one of the quickest developing and most widespread hobbies today. Butterfly farming is the skill of growing flowers and plants that will bring these lively and graceful creatures to the garden while improving your landscape. Put smiles on the faces of your household and guests with wonderful butterflies, however make sure you build a protected environment for them. Butterfly garden can be a means for folks to change their gardens into sanctuaries for butterflies. By just growing nectar plants and host plants (for that caterpillar to grow on) folks will begin to save the butterfly population.
Growing a sufficient source of host plants provide butterflies an area to lay their own eggs, that may successfully hatch and lead to butterflies which will keep visiting the garden. Grow the proper host plant for the proper butterfly and they will come into your backyard. Grow nectar plants and they will remain inside your backyard. Plants having clustered flowers likewise provide butterflies access to more nectar sources in one stop as compared to plants having small, single flowers.
Color likewise

########
Rank: 19
Score: 29.375813
Retrieved Text: We are now in the time of year when caterpillars become active in our gardens. Some gardeners use chemical pesticides to treat for caterpillars, only to find that their pest problems soon come back, and even worse than before. But there are safer and more effective treatments for caterpillars that don’t involve harsh chemicals.
To prevent caterpillars before they become a problem, try companion planting; this is the pairing of two or more plants that mutually benefit one another. Plant marigolds around your tomatoes; nasturtiums around the squash; and plant basil, dill, and cilantro generously throughout the garden. These companion plants repel or confuse pests, to keep them off of your vegetables, and they add a great deal of color, fragrance, and beauty to the garden.
When caterpillars do arrive, try using the effective and inexpensive “pinch method”. Simply pinch the caterpillar between your thumb and index finger, and work through the garden until the pests are gone. If you don’t want to squash the caterpillars, drop them into a bucket of soapy water, or simply relocate them a safe distance from your garden.
The pinch method works best at night. During the day, most garden pests hide in the soil, and when they see you coming, they are very good at scampering away. To save yourself a great deal of time, wear an inexpensive hiker’s headlamp, which allows you to shine the light, hands free, wherever you look.
At night, all the pests of your garden are active, and they will come to the tops of the plants and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.955824
Retrieved Text: Worms and caterpillars can, at first glance, look similar to each other. They are small and wriggly. However, worms and caterpillars are entirely different animals. The two can also be confused by everyday naming, in which caterpillars are often called worms. There are several clues to help you identify whether an animal is a worm or a caterpillar.
Worms and caterpillars are entirely different animals. They can be identified by their appearance and their body parts, or lack thereof.
Is a Caterpillar a Worm?
Caterpillars are not worms, although they are cold-blooded like worms. Caterpillars belong to the second largest order of insects, called Lepidoptera. These insects are butterflies and moths. There are over 160,000 types of butterflies and moths! The stages of development for members of Lepidoptera include egg, larva, pupa and adult. Caterpillars are the larvae of moths or butterflies.
Most caterpillars are herbivores, meaning that they only eat plants. There are a few caterpillars that are carnivorous and eat other creatures. Caterpillars may eat leaves, or they can eat stems and roots, and they can cause a great deal of damage to crops and trees in forests. One notable pest caterpillar that plagues much of eastern North America is the tent caterpillar, which spins webs in trees and other plants. Some types of caterpillars like to bore into fruits and vegetables, while others like to eat fabric. Of course, this behavior is not welcome to farmers or anyone who has clothing. But generally, after caterpillars become adult butterflies and moths, many become more beneficial animals. Moths and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.891104
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the WFSU EcoCitizen Project! One of the pillars of EcoCitizen is building a home habitat, which means inviting wildlife into your yard through your plant and landscaping choices. One of the most popular aspects of this is butterfly gardening. Subscribe to the WFSU Ecology Blog to receive more videos and articles about our local, natural areas, and subscribe to the WFSU Ecology Youtube Channel.
Rob Diaz de Villegas WFSU Public Media There’s something satisfying about watching something grow up in just a few weeks. You go out into the garden every couple of days and take a few minutes to flip over leaves. One day you see eggs. Then a small caterpillar nibbling a flower. A couple of days later you’re watering your plants and the caterpillar has changed shape and color. And soon it’s huge. In less than one month, you may see a butterfly drying its wings under an open chrysalis. The thing is, you’ve done most of the work you needed to do months ago. You decided to plant larval food plants. By choosing specific plants species- carrot family for black swallowtails, milkweed for monarchs, etc.- you decided what caterpillars you’d see in your yard. And then, depending on how hands on you want to be, all you have to do is watch. Of course, by reading and watching the video above (edited by WFSU’s Carlee Soeder), you can tell that I’m a little more involved. I find it fascinating, and the more I look, the more little things I see.
Black swallowtail,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.80191
Retrieved Text: Either a slow draining tub or completely clogged drain eventually happens to everybody.
Clogged tub drains usually develop slowly enough to the point where you are asking yourself, “Is my tub not draining right?” Until one day it becomes obvious that your tub drain is not holding up it’s end of the bargain.
How Do I Unclog A tub?
If your tub gets clogged frequently it may be a good idea for you to try a few things that can help prevent it. Install strainers over the drains. They will catch hair and soap chips that can be discarded in a garbage, keeping the amount of materials that go down the drain to a minimum. If it’s past the point of prevention and you already have a clogged tub, the first step would be to remove as much hair and grime as possible from the top of the drain. With normal use of the tub this will often take care of it.
Before you use drain chemicals be sure to read the directions and follow the safety instructions. They can be harmful to humans and pets and some drain pipe materials. They are basically an chemical intended to eat the clog. In our opinion the risk vs reward is not worth using them. Besides exposing yourself to toxic chemicals, they generally do not work well. The drain cleaning chemical needs to be applied directly to the clog to have their greatest affect. This is difficult to do if your tub does not drain. Pouring chemicals on top of standing water

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.792713
Retrieved Text: Looking for a unique pet, but not ready for a huge commitment? Insects might be perfect for you.
Insects are quiet, affordable and easy to care for. They don’t have the capacity to form attachments or show love, but that also means you don’t have to feel too guilty if they don’t survive a long time. In fact, most insects live no more than 2 months, so you can choose a different species in a matter of weeks.
For kids, insects are fun, educational pets. They can even use their pets as a science fair project, or just as an entertaining way to learn to care for a living thing.
Ants are everywhere, but they spend most of their time underground. To see an inside view of how an ant colony works and lives together, you can purchase or create an ant farm.
Traditional ant farms are filled with sand-like substrate. You can also create an ant farm by placing a small jar inside a larger one, then filling the gap with a sand/dirt mixture. You’ll need to moisten the sand periodically to ensure your ants stay hydrated. To feed your ants, you can drop crumbs and small scraps of fruits and veggies on top of the sand. If they’re interested, they’ll crawl to the food and eat it. Sand-based ant farms should stay in one place; the tunnels can easily cave in.
Newer ant farm products are filled with a gel-like material that provides all of the moisture and nutrients your ants need. They’re also more stable and less likely

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.624096
Retrieved Text: This letter is in response to a recent letter to the editor about Fairfax County’s Fall Cankerworm Insecticide Spraying Program.
I am a professional entomologist and I have been in charge of the U. S. National Insect Collection at the Smithsonian Institution, a Fairfax County resident for 21 years, as well as a biologist experienced in conservation. I have been following the issues regarding the program in Fairfax County to spray Bacillus thuringiensis var. kurstaki (Btk), a kind of biological insecticide, to control a native moth, the Fall Cankerworm (scientifically, Lepidoptera: Geometridae or Inchworms).
Bt was first used to control Lepidoptera (moth) pests of agricultural crops; however, this naturally-occurring bacterium was found to be deadly to all moths and butterflies (Lepidoptera). Since this discovery there have been many types of Bt developed, but those used against moths are still deadly to non-target species, including native species. However, the areas in Fairfax County being sprayed are not crops or timberlands for harvest, but rather forests, parklands, neighborhood gardens. These are places to preserve wildlife and nature, and to protect them for the benefit of not only Fairfax County residents, but also for all Virginians and visitors. Without scientific monitoring or surveys, we do not know how many or even which native species live in any particular area being sprayed. Therefore, to inadvertently spray this deadly microbe, even if the intention is to target certain areas, is not prudent.
The letter writer does acknowledge that spraying Btk can kill other kinds of caterpillars, “… but only if they are up and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.566786
Retrieved Text: February is generally when my mind starts to turn to my winter garden. What I want to grow, and where I want to grow it (ideally considering what I will grow where the following summer). February is when I usually sow my Brassica seeds (hopefully avoiding the worst of the ravages from cabbage moths). Most of February though is spent eating. Beans, Tomatoes, Eggplants, Basil and the first of the Capsicums if I’m lucky are all delicious at this time of the year.
Continue to harvest from herbs to ensure good growth.
Continue to tie up the tomato plants as they grow.
Hello I just wanted to let you know I have found your site the best online for Melbourne/Geelong. I am actually harvesting vegetables for the first time in many years. In reading what to plant in February you mentioned white butterfly can you tell me what you do to restrict them from attacking the brassica plants.
Hi Julie, Thanks for your feedback I really appreciate it. Fabulous to hear that you are harvesting vegetables. The best advice I can give about white butterfly is to try and avoid the caterpillars getting too rampant. To do that run your hands under the underside of the leaves. This knocks off the eggs. Then inspect the plants carefully for caterpillars – they can often be found on the spine of the leaves. The sooner you get rid of the caterpillars (or better yet the eggs) the less damage they can cause.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.52804
Retrieved Text: You are probably aware that your vehicle’s engine has an air filter, but did you know that your car’s HVAC (heating ventilation and air conditioning) system also has one? It is commonly called the cabin filter. A cabin filter performs the same duties for your HVAC system as the engine air filter does for your car’s engine. The cabin air filter is a small pleated filter made of multi-fiber paper, cotton or other engineered material.
Clean air is essential to your vehicle running properly. The car’s engine air filter ensures that only clean air runs through the engine. In the same manner, your car’s heating and the cooling system depends on the cabin filter for a steady stream of clean air flow. The cabin filter acts as a barrier, preventing pollutants such as dust, pollen, bacteria, and mold spores from entering the cabin of your vehicle. It also prevents bugs, leaves and other debris from clogging up the HVAC system. The cabin filter is vital to having clean air inside the car; just imagine how dusty your dashboard would look without this air filter! It keeps the air inside the car fresh so you and your passengers can breathe easy especially during allergy season.
Is replacing a cabin filter important?
If you enjoy clean air circulating through your car, changing the cabin air filter is a necessity. When you’re driving and using the fresh air setting on your ventilation system, the cabin filter blocks the pollen, dust, leaves bugs, and other particle elements and blocks them before they blowing

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.526184
Retrieved Text: It's spring and Pippa and Pelle are getting their garden ready for the New Year. They dig the earth and plant some little seeds.
In the spring, sunshine the seeds soon begin to grow, bringing friendly ladybirds, caterpillars, and butterflies to the garden. What delicious treats will Pippa and Pelle have to eat when everything is ready for harvest?
Daniela Drescher's unique illustration style will capture any child's imagination. This magical board book is full of seasonal details and is the perfect size for little hands.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.419708
Retrieved Text: When on an incline my friend's '93 with 140k will miss if in park and smell like it is flooding. If in drive, it will miss, shake, bog down and cut off. All of these symptoms occur off-road/low speeds. I have no clue about service records etc., but it has had a missing problem for about a year, not a DD....maybe 1k miles in a year. It is starting to become his DD, so he wants to get it fixed soon. Any help would be great.
Is he throwing mis-fire codes?
Might be a clogged fuel filter. Seems like Junk had the same problem and fixed it with a new fuel filter.
No check engine lights or anything, and you can smell the gas (flooding). If parked on an incline, you have to keep it floored to keep it running and RPMs never go above 1000.
check your spark plug wires.
Check the intake house that runs from the filter to the throttle body for cracks.
Second that. The incline may move the engine away from the filter box enough to exaserbate a crack in the air intake hose. You could duct tape all around to verify. I'd pull off and inspect carefully-sometimes these buggers are minute and hard to see inside of the acordian bends.
I just assume you are talking about the air intake hose Christo-the problem sounds superficially similar to what would occur with such a crack.
Ok I went and tested it this morn. Tested once before it got warmed up and it did not stall out. But after it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.289743
Retrieved Text: Each year, like many, I chose a word to focus on that will help me grow. Grow spiritually, mentally, and so on. I pray about it before I choose it and sometimes I’ve even had a verse that accompanied it. This year came about a little differently. As I was praying, I kept “hearing” the same word. I kept thinking, “Yeah ok, but let’s think of some other words. That one is weird.” I’m sure God laughed a little at that and then kept giving me only the one word, one little word. SAVOR.
It’s New Year’s Eve! I really do feel like 2015 just started. It’s so weird how the older you get, the faster the years seem to go. I can remember being about 10 or 11 and feeling like growing up was so far away and would never get here. And I suppose, since I’m 5’1″, growing “up” never did come in a sense. Ha! But I’m looking forward to what this new year has to bring. I love that new feeling that January first brings. That start over point for anything you let fall the year before or just a time to begin something totally new. I even got a new planner (mainly because my old one was falling apart) for a fresh new start! Blank pages full of possibility.
Starting last year, I decided that I wouldn’t make resolutions anymore since they tend to have a negative connotation these days. No one seems to keep resolutions and no one really expects you to

================



======= Instance Index 25 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A virus enters a host body
- The virus has receptors that lock onto a target cell
- The virus enters the cell
- The virus uses the cell like a factory to make new copies of the virus
- The new copies of the virus leave the cell
- Infect other cells
- The host gets sick as its cells are damaged.

Question:
suppose more rainy days happens, how will it affect a GREATER spread of the virus.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.989273
Retrieved Text: Helen is a third year veterinary student at the University of Nottingham. She has an interest in feline medicine, has recently completed a dissertation on FIV in cats, and would like to go into small animal practice when she graduates.
Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV) is a virus which infects domestic cats worldwide. A cat that is infected is FIV positive (FIV+), and non-infected cats are FIV negative. Unfortunately, FIV positive cats can be overlooked at adoption centres, or are put to sleep unnecessarily because of health concerns or a lack of people looking to take them on. Lina’s is proud that we accept FIV+ cats… but what does that mean for you?
How is the virus spread from cat to cat?
The virus is spread by biting. Generally, FIV is regarded as a virus of fighting cats, with stray and male cats having a greater risk of contracting the virus.
What happens after a cat is infected?
It’s difficult to determine exactly what happens as FIV can cause an array of conditions, which may affect many parts of the body. The majority of the disease course has no symptoms, lasting a long time (often the majority of the cat’s life). Overall, the virus causes immunosuppression, so infected cats are more likely to suffer recurrent health problems, especially later in life.
When the terminal stage is reached clinical disease is seen, which may include dental disease, skin conditions, cancer, neurological disease, renal disease, gastrointestinal disorders, upper respiratory tract and urinary infections. However, as can be seen from this list, these could be experienced

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.9401
Retrieved Text: VERIFY: Does the weather really affect your mood?
Many of us here at KARE 11 have started feeling the rainy day blues and It's got us wondering, does the weather really impact your mood?
MINNEAPOLIS-- The rainy day blues is that feeling you get when the gloom outside starts getting you down.
Many of us here at KARE 11 have started feeling the rainy day blues after this long stretch of gray and gloomy days, and it got us wondering, does the weather really impact our mood?
Hennepin Healthcare Psychologist Talee Vang is helping us verify if the weather can actually affect how we feel.
“It’s not so much the rain, but the darkness that can affect your mood,” Dr. Vang explains.
Darkness, like the gloomy days we’ve been having lately, can alter the chemical balance in your brain, Vang says.
"When it's mostly dark outside what happens is our body starts to produce less serotonin," Vang says.
Serotonin is a chemical in our bodies that helps us regulate our mood.
So yes, Vang says you can get more depressed, sad or anxious when it rains.
"Our bodies also produce more melatonin so that makes us feel more lethargic, sleepy and tired," Vang says.
So if you've been feeling low energy lately that's why.
Plus no sun means less vitamin D which can also make you more depressed and tired.
Vang says the longer you go without it the worse it can get.
"We're having several days of cloud cover and that's going to impact your mood," Vang says.
This feeling of fatigue and tiredness is commonly known as Seasonal Affective

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.759714
Retrieved Text: How to spot swine influenza in pigs and humans, and what to do to prevent it and control its spread.
Swine influenza is a disease of pigs caused by influenza viruses.
There are many different types of influenza viruses. They can also affect humans and birds, though these strains of the virus are usually different from those that affect pigs.
Swine influenza is present in pigs in most countries around the world, including the UK.
Pigs can carry many different types of the disease.
Swine influenza should not be confused with either classical swine fever or African swine fever, which are different diseases.
Swine influenza is not a notifiable disease but if you spot signs of this disease in animals you should contact your vet.
Swine flu infection usually results in respiratory disease.
The severity of the disease depends on the strain of virus involved and the age of the affected pigs.
The disease can affect many pigs in a herd at the same time, but not all of them will show signs of illness.
Pigs are unlikely to die from swine influenza, unless they are very young or have other infections. Infected animals will usually recover in 5 to 7 days.
If infected pigs are suffering from other respiratory diseases, the symptoms may be worse and they may take longer to recover.
Swine influenza may occasionally pass to humans, but this depends on the strain of the virus.
It causes similar symptoms to a seasonal flu. It is not usually a life-threatening illness.
To get more information on swine influenza in humans read Public Health England’s guide.
If you or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.211067
Retrieved Text: When warm weather rolls around, so do the unwelcome guests everyone dreads. Spring rains and the hot days that follow, are the perfect storm for mosquitoes, breeding millions of bloodsuckers that could stay for the season. Mosquitos make it unpleasant to enjoy your outdoor space, ProTech Pest can help.
ProTech Pest Control professionals can help homeowners and owner associations reduce their exposure to mosquito bites by inspecting properties for breeding sites, treating to control mosquitoes, educating about mosquitoes and suggesting corrective actions.
What Can Homeowners Do To Control Mosquitos?
Eliminate or reduce mosquito-breeding areas by replacing all standing water at least once a week. This includes birdbaths, ponds and unfiltered pools.
Remove unneeded vegetation or trash from around any standing water sources that cannot be changed, dumped or removed.
Seal and screen all windows, doors and other openings.
Use insect repellent on exposed skin. The most effective repellents currently available contain the active ingredient DEET in concentrations up to about 35% (greater concentrations do not offer better protection).
Wear long-sleeved shirts and long pants treated with repellent as well.
Mosquito bites are not only uncomfortably itchy, they spread disease. Mosquito-borne illness have become more prominent in recent years and have begun to affect children and adults in the United States.
The Zika virus is carried by infected Aedes species mosquitos and can be transmitted to people by both a mosquito bite or intimate contact with an infected person. While Zika is a rare occurrence in the U.S. to date, the CDC continues to monitor cases, especially the origin of the infection. Although all current U.S.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.84316
Retrieved Text: Could Ebola evolve and become an even greater threat to humankind?
Ebola virus is scary: it rapidly kills more than half of those infected, in a very unpleasant way. It normally lives in hosts such as bats and only rarely infects people.
It can be transmitted between people via body fluids, which makes it easier to control – but if it evolved airborne transmission, it could become a much greater global threat. How likely is that to happen?
Ebola, like many viruses, is evolving rapidly – partly because mistakes are common when its genome is being copied and partly because viruses reproduce very rapidly.
In humans, Ebola virus evolution seems to have accelerated still further. This may be because particular forms of the virus are adapted to its natural host and tend to predominate, but many forms are able to thrive in a new host lacking effective defence mechanisms.
The future evolution of Ebola is hard to predict. Natural selection will not inevitably lead to increasing severity of a disease. Although dengue virus is evolving in ways that cause more serious disease, other viruses have evolved to become more benign – not killing your host is a good way of surviving longer and reproducing more over the long term. Indeed, the relationship with some viruses is so close that they have become integrated into the host genome (although generally they no longer reproduce as viruses).
However, although viruses evolve extremely rapidly, a switch from body fluid-based to airborne transmission is a big biological leap.
The Ebola family of viruses is thought to have

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.487278
Retrieved Text: The New York Times article, “Drugs Urged for Swine Flu in Pregnancy” is a good reminder that though you may be hearing less about the swine flu, it is certainly not something to forget.
Pregnant women who get swine flu are at such high risk of complications like pneumonia, dehydration and premature labor that they should be treated at once with the antiviral drug Tamiflu — even though it is not normally recommended in pregnancy, the CDC said Tuesday. Tamiflu is not normally recommended for use by pregnant women because the effects on the unborn child are unknown, according to its maker, Roche.
American doctors are often reluctant to prescribe flu drugs for pregnant women unless they develop severe symptoms like pneumonia. Pregnant women are often reluctant to take medication. A pregnant woman is at higher risk from flu because hormonal changes depress the immune system to protect the fetus.
Details about the death of the pregnant woman in Texas emerged Friday in the disease centers’ weekly morbidity and mortality report. Dr. Jamieson said the woman had mild asthma and psoriasis, but was relatively healthy. The woman has been widely identified as Judy Trunnell, 33.
Now that’s certainly an exciting phrase. I find it helpful to remind myself that “pandemic” refers mostly to the extent of the spread of the virus, and not necessarily the severity.
“This virus really does have full pandemic potential. It is likely to spread around the world in the next six to nine months and when it does so it will affect about one-third of the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.457552
Retrieved Text: Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne disease caused by a virus. The disease is mainly tropical in origin but occasionally residents or visitors from other countries may arrive in this country with dengue fever. Cases originating in the United States are rare.
Dengue fever may occur in people of all ages who are exposed to infected mosquitoes. The disease occurs mainly in tropical Asia and the Caribbean, usually during the rainy seasons in areas with high numbers of infected mosquitoes.
How is dengue fever spread?
Dengue fever is spread by the bite of infected Aedes mosquitoes. Dengue cannot be spread directly from person to person.
Dengue fever is characterized by the rapid development of a fever that may last from five to seven days with intense headache, joint and muscle pain and a rash. The hemorrhagic form of dengue fever is more severe and associated with loss of appetite, vomiting, high fever, headache and abdominal pain. Shock and circulatory failure may occur.
Dengue fever may occur from three to 14 days after exposure to an infected mosquito, commonly within four to seven days.
There is no specific treatment available. Intravenous fluids and oxygen therapy are often used for patients who experience shock during their illness.
What can be done to prevent the spread of dengue fever?
Control measures are limited to advising travelers to affected areas to minimize exposure to infected mosquitoes. Use of mosquito netting and repellents may be helpful in minimizing exposure.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.282454
Retrieved Text: How long do dogs with canine influenza have to be isolated?
Animal shelters have been among the places hardest-hit with infections of the H3N2 canine influenza virus since it made its first U.S. appearance in dogs from a Chicago animal shelter. Understanding how to prevent the spread of this respiratory disease is critical to protecting dogs in shelters and the community. One key to preventing transmission is to isolate infected dogs, but for how long?
Researchers at the University of Wisconsin conducted a review of the medical records of 16 dogs from three Chicago-area shelters who had been naturally infected with the virus. Their intention was to see if the recommendation for eight days of isolation was sufficient, or if dogs continued to shed the virus beyond that time period. The shedding of virus is a key component to the spread of the disease.
Documentation of the extended shedding period of canine influenza A H3N2 virus in the affected dogs of the present report helps to explain, at least in part, why such a large number of dogs were affected by H3N2 infections in this outbreak, as prolonged shedding increases the likelihood of exposure.
These data and anecdotal information reported by shelters affected by H3N2 virus suggest that, to reduce the risk of transmission of H3N2 virus, infected dogs should be isolated from uninfected, unexposed dogs for a period of (greater than or equal to) 21 days following onset of illness.
The study was published in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association, which has made it available in its

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.001343
Retrieved Text: GroupThought Experiment: What If Appearance Were Malleable?
So this is one of my favorite thought experiments because it deconstructs the reasons why we place value on appearance. I like thinking about what happens when you remove limits from people (I'm an optimist like that).
Let's suppose that tomorrow, all of a sudden everyone can change their appearance in essentially any way they want. Skin color, hair, gender, hell, you can have wings if you want to. Basically, no limits. The mechanism doesn't really matter; let's say some kind of amazing virus spread all over the world such that this ability is cost-free.
There are interesting corollaries to this you can explore if you want — any technology or whatever that could enable this would also necessarily "fix" a lot of medical problems and possibly end aging by dint of allowing unlimited reshaping of your body. But anyway. I'm curious what you guys think.
Days: Everyone decides to be a supermodel of some kind or another.
Weeks: People get a little bored with being supermodels, start spicing it up with green hair, etc.
Months: Real conversations start to be had about how people present themselves and why, what "attractive" means in a world where you can be literally anything, etc.
Years: Endless diversity with zero judgement beyond appreciation of creativity, because being negative about anyone else's appearance is absurd in this new world.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.989698
Retrieved Text: Canine distemper is a highly contagios disease caused by a virus (paramyxovirus) which attacks the respiratory, gastrointestinal, and nervus systems of dogs. Although dogs are the most commonly affected, Canine Distemper is also seen in foxes, ferrets, mink and many other carnivores. These infected animals are often the cause of the spread of this disease to domesticated dogs.
At normal temperature the virus can remain active in infected tissue for several weeks, provided the infected source does not dry out, or become exposed to ultraviolet radiation (sun light). At below zero, the virus can remain active for several months. At temperatures of 32°C or greater, the Canine Distemper virus will be destroyed very quickly.
Upon contracting the virus, dogs often appear "normal" for several days. The initial symptoms of the disease are runny nose, water eyes and a sore throat. The dogs temperature will increase to approximately 103.5°F (39.7°C). Over the next couple of days the symptoms worsen with the tonsils becoming enlarged, and the dog developing diarrhea. After approximately four weeks of treatment the virus begins to affect the brain. The dog will start twitching which will gradually turn in to larger convulsions The convulsions normally become so frequent and violent, that euthanasia is often carried out at this stage.
At this time, there is no cure for the actual virus which causes Canine Distemper.. Treatment mainly consists of controlling spread and severity of secondary ailments such as , vomiting, diarrhea and fluid discharge. In the later stages of canine distemper, the use of anti-consultant drugs may help

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.671503
Retrieved Text: You’ve most likely heard of shingles, as well as the rash and pain that comes with the virus. But, how do you get shingles? Should you be worried? Physician and medical director, Megan Romine, DO, at UnityPoint Health explains who is most at risk, plus what to know about treatment and prevention.
Shingles, also known as herpes zoster or zoster, is caused by the varicella-zoster virus, which also causes chickenpox. Only people who have had chickenpox can get shingles.
Dr. Romine says currently about 30 percent of people will get shingles at some point in their lifetime. It’s also more common in adults with a weakened immune system. But, if you never had chickenpox and you had the chickenpox vaccine, Dr. Romine says it would be unlikely you’d get shingles, since you were immunized against the virus.
“Shingles itself isn’t contagious, but you can spread the varicella-zoster virus. This could cause chickenpox in those who have not had chickenpox or the chickenpox vaccine,” Dr. Romine says.
Shingles presents as a rash, first as red bumps and then blisters. The bumps and blisters appear as a group and normally in a single area on one side of the body. This pattern occurs because shingles spreads along nerve pathways, or “dermatomes,” on the body. The shingles rash usually starts crusting over in seven to 10 days, before completely going away within two to four weeks.
“The rash most commonly affects the abdomen or arms, but it can appear anywhere on the body. If shingles is on the face near the nose or eye,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.66718
Retrieved Text: Recently popular Zika virus is more harmful than its popularity in the current world scenario. The virus outbreak led to the public emergency some weeks ago, making the news a big worry for families with babies across the globe. Surprisingly, Zika virus has close connection with babies having microcephaly, which is an unusually small headed condition associated with incomplete brain development.
This detrimental outbreak is a result of scientific failure that happened some nine months ago when experts declared that there is no link between Zika and the abnormally small-headed babies born in Brazil. Unfortunately, it became prominent later that this virus is a cause of a mosquito bites especially in pregnant women.
Since last week, there are around 4,000 suspect cases of microcephaly associated with Zika virus in Brazil, which are congenital. The babies faced the symptoms of mild fever, rash headache, muscle and joint pain and conjunctivitis (red eyes). This spread of congenital Zika virus have made Brazilian government declare emergency health condition in the state and asked World Health Organization (WHO) for help.
Unfortunately, America had to become a part of this emergency when the spread of Zika virus was reported in more than one state in the country. In most part of Latin America, it is the rainy time of the year, due to which, mosquito population is very high. There have been constant precautionary measures, such as, spread bug killing sprays and staying indoors announced by the government. Even, government of El Salvador announced that women should not get pregnant until 2018!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.571297
Retrieved Text: » Is It Safe To Breastfeed Your Baby When You Have Cold Or Fever?
Having cold and flu is mostly familiar, and you do not need to be alarmed if your temperature doesn’t get too high. They can always be treated with medicine. However, when you are a mommy and start having flu or colds, you began to wonder if breastfeeding is a good idea especially when you are more concern about your baby’s health than yours. Would my baby get my illness? Would she/he be okay if I continue breastfeeding? Would my milk produce antibodies? Read through as you will be given the right information when and how to breastfeed when you have a cold or flu.
How to nurse my baby while I am sick?
What if I stopped breastfeeding during cold and fever?
What happens if I substitute any food for breast milk?
How can I maintain my milk supply even if I skipped breast feedings?
Do cold medicines affect my breastfeeding ability?
What if I get hospitalized due to my illness?
The answer to this is YES. If you have the regular flu, fever, it is still safe to breastfeed your baby. In fact, you are more likely so save you infant from the virus and bacteria if you do. It is because, in four to five days, your body would also make antibodies that could help your infant through breastfeeding.
You should know that you are most contagious before the symptoms can be observed and that you already have exposed your child to whatever virus/bacteria you have. It is still

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.52495
Retrieved Text: It is important to treat a wart in a timely fashion.
If you or a family member has been diagnosed with a wart, it is important to start a timely and thorough treatment plan without delay. If you don't, chances are there could be consequences for delaying. What happens if you wait?
1. It can spread to other parts of your body. A wart is a virus, and it is present everywhere in our environment. It invades the skin on your foot if there is a crack or break in the skin or small cut or scrape, causing an entry point. However if it is already present on one foot or one toe, the chances of it spreading to the other foot or other toes are greater because of its proximity.
2. It can spread to another family member. Since family members may share the same bathtub or go barefoot on the floor and carpet, its presence is even more evident. This is especially true if a patient picks at the wart and it is spread through direct contact.
3. If left on your foot untreated, the larger it can grow. This can cause more pressure and more discomfort if it is on a weight bearing area on the bottom of your foot.
4. The longer it stays, the longer it may take to get rid of it. Part of our treatment plan at Prairie Path Foot and Ankle Clinic involves stimulating your own immune system to help fight the virus. The longer the virus is present, the longer it remains

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.381014
Retrieved Text: Shingles is caused by the Varicella zoster virus, which is the same virus that causes chickenpox.
Shingles happens in children and adults who’ve previously had chickenpox. After an episode of chickenpox, the Varicella zoster virus ‘sleeps’ in the nerve cells. Different things can make the virus flare up, but we don’t know what these things are.
Shingles often appears when someone is run down after illness, has an underlying condition affecting the immune system, or is taking medication affecting the immune system.
Shingles rarely affects children under three years of age.
Shingles causes a rash of small red lumps that then form fluid-filled blisters. The blisters usually cover a single patch of skin on one side of the body, which is supplied by a particular nerve.
New lumps form in the first 2-3 days. Over the next few days the blisters crust over.
The rash occurs on the upper body more often than on the face, legs or arms. It’s not usually itchy, but it can be very painful. Your child won’t usually feel ill or have a fever.
If your child has shingles, he can spread the chickenpox virus to other children who’ve haven’t been immunised or infected before. If the rash can be completely covered, your child can go to school, but he shouldn’t swim or play contact sports for seven days after the rash appears. If the rash can’t be covered, your child should stay at home until the rash has dried up.
If your child has shingles, try to make sure that everybody who comes into contact with her during

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.353676
Retrieved Text: 10/09/18 Many congratulations to our new professors in infectious diseases!
New study will identify genes that reduce Influenza A infection in pigs and chickens, and genes that limit the spread of the virus to people.
The new work will examine the genes needed for influenza virus to grow in a number of species including chicken and pigs.
Influenza A virus – known for causing “bird flu” and “swine flu” – can affect both people and animals. The virus is able to jump to new species, where it can cause more severe symptoms. Seasonal epidemic outbreaks cause significant disease and death in people.
A new study led by Dr Finn Grey of The Roslin Institute aims to identify genes that are important in reducing infection by Influenza A virus in pigs and chickens, and genes that limit the spread of the virus to people.
Jumps to new species are relatively rare because the virus has to adapt to the new species and because a specific ‘arm’ of the immune system – called the host interferon response – represents a significant barrier to the virus spreading from animals to people.
This study will investigate which genes are important for inhibiting replication of Influenza A virus in pigs and chickens and which genes of the host interferon response limit the spread of the virus from animals to people.
The study, which will receive over £750,000 from the UK Governments’s Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council, will boost our understanding of how to combat influenza strains.
Work will be conducted in collaboration with Roslin scientists Professor Paul Digard,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.331343
Retrieved Text: Why do we hear a lot about bird flu? This flu which started in Southeast Asia has now become a world threat.
Even though this flu is in Asia people around the globe hear a lot about it on their radios and TVs. The reason is not because of what bird flu is now, but because it can become a pandemic flu. A pandemic flu is a flu that can spread world wide very easily because it can transfer from one person to another and can kill a lot of people.
Today in Southeast Asia many people with the fear of this bird flu have stopped eating chicken. Many of the businesses with the chicken and its products have collapsed.
Long Nguyen, a junior at Blair, whose aunt runs a restaurant in Vietnam which focuses mostly on chicken products, is now in a loss. “She has loans and a big debt. The noodles which she’s selling only taste good with chicken, and changing to another type of meat like beef or pork isn’t possible,” Long said. So she is hoping for the bird flu to stop so that she can get her money back.
This flu is caused by the avian influenza virus which occurs naturally among birds. Avian influenza viruses do not usually infect humans, and also this virus is not a virus which can spread from one person to another right now. But still the flu can be in any part of the world through the migration of birds. According to “World Health Organization “these wild birds carry

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.239275
Retrieved Text: Sometimes people refer to it as the panleukopenia virus as one the main results of being infected is the development of a low white blood cell count. A low white blood cell count is the definition of panleukopenia.
Parvoviruses are particularly dangerous because they are very resistant to disinfectants that are formed particularly for viruses. They can also survive for a long time (years) in the environment in which they have been spread.
Where does it come from and how is it spread?
Feline parvovirus is contracted and spread by faecal to oral contact. It is also spread induirectly through contaminated areas, surfaces and flooring. This is why you always ensure that your Vet wipes the table and dries it before placing any of your property on the table. Keep your carriers on your knee at all times. Avoid placing it on the floor. Cats infected with FPV can shed the virus for at least six weeks following infection.
In kittens over 4 weeks old and in adult cats, the virus causes a very severe gastroenteritis, following an incubation period of five to nine days. Most affected cats demostrate symptoms shortly after contracting an infection. Sypmtoms are chronic (explosive) diarhoea, vomiting and they can die very quickly. Cats can also become depressed, have a low appetite and will normally have a fever as their bodies try to fight the infection. Ths virus is very dangerous as it travels through the blood to the bone marrow and lymph glands. Cats with the virus normally have a lower appetite due to the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.238781
Retrieved Text: Influenza is an acute respiratory disease caused by the influenza A or B virus. It often occurs in outbreaks and epidemics worldwide, mainly during the winter season. Significant numbers of influenza virus particles are present in the respiratory secretions of infected persons, so infection can be transmitted by sneezing and coughing via large particle droplets. The mean duration of influenza virus shedding in immunocompetent adult patients is around 5 days but may continue for up to 10 days or more—particularly in children, elderly adults, patients with chronic illnesses, and immunocompromised hosts. Influenza typically begins with the abrupt onset of high-grade fever, myalgia, headache, and malaise. These manifestations are accompanied by symptoms of respiratory tract illnesses such as nonproductive cough, sore throat, and nasal discharge. After a typical course, influenza can affect other organs such as the lungs, brain, and heart more than it can affect the respiratory tract and cause hospitalization.
The best way to prevent influenza is to administer annual vaccinations. Among severely ill patients, an early commencement of antiviral treatment (<2 d from illness onset) is associated with reduced morbidity and mortality, with greater benefits allied to an earlier initiation of treatment. Given the significance of the disease burden, we reviewed the latest findings in the diagnosis and management of influenza.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.173626
Retrieved Text: s a way to better predict where Zika virus is likely to spread, researchers tested the ability of Zika-infected mosquitoes to transmit the virus at a range of temperatures. They find that Zika’s spread by mosquitoes is more likely at temperatures five degrees warmer than for dengue virus. The results are published today (August 15) in Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
For study author Erin Mordecai, an assistant professor of biology at Stanford University, the results indicate that under future, warming temperatures, there may be an increase in climate suitability for Zika transmission in most regions of the globe except the hottest areas, where temperatures will begin to regularly exceed 29 °C.
Scientists knew that temperature drives mosquito development, longevity, and biting rate, in addition to influencing Zika virus replication and spread, but the details of how temperature affects these factors was still missing, as Zika has only recently emerged as an infectious threat.
It was surprising to see that Zika-infected mosquitoes had higher survival than uninfected mosquitoes. The reason for this observation is not entirely clear.
What was known, according to the study authors, is that after eating an infected blood meal, Zika virus needs to escape the midgut, spread throughout the mosquito, and then pass through the salivary glands into their saliva to then infect a new host. Each of these steps represents a hurdle for viral replication. The researchers’ goal for this new work was to test if temperature affected the ability of the virus to successfully get to each of these mosquito tissues.
“What we lack

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.07053
Retrieved Text: Mosquitoes can spread many diseases, including West Nile virus. West Nile virus can be found in many regions of the world, including many parts of Africa, Western Asia, and the northern Mediterranean area. The virus has also been detected in B.C. and other parts of Canada. Wearing insect repellant can help protect against mosquitoes bites.
For more information about insect repellent, see HealthLinkBC File #96 Insect Repellents and DEET. For more information about West Nile virus, see HealthLinkBC File #88 West Nile Virus and BC Centre for Disease Control – West Nile Virus (WNV). For up to date travel health notices, visit the Public Health Agency of Canada – Travel Health.
West Nile virus is a type of virus that is spread by mosquitoes. The infection it causes may be so mild that people don't even know they have it. But in rare cases, West Nile leads to severe illness that affects the brain or spinal cord. People older than 50 or those with weakened immune systems are at the highest risk for serious problems from West Nile.
Most people fully recover from West Nile. But some people who get a severe infection may experience long term physical or mental problems such as weakness, memory loss, or paralysis. A few people die from it.
Most often, mosquitoes spread the virus by biting birds infected with the virus and then biting people.
Mosquitoes can also spread the virus to other animals, such as horses. The virus is not known to transmit from animal to human. You can't get West Nile from touching

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.004272
Retrieved Text: Viruses are microscopic organisms that exist almost everywhere on earth. They can infect animals, plants, fungi, and even bacteria.
Sometimes a virus can cause a disease so deadly that it is fatal. Other viral infections trigger no noticeable reaction.
A virus may also have one effect on one type of organism, but a different effect on another. This explains how a virus that affects a cat may not affect a dog.
Viruses vary in complexity. They consist of genetic material, RNA or DNA, surrounded by a coat of protein, lipid (fat), or glycoprotein. Viruses cannot replicate without a host, so they are classified as parasitic.
They are considered the most abundant biological entity on the planet.
Here are some key points about viruses. More detail is in the main article.
Viruses are living organisms that cannot replicate without a host cell.
Diseases caused by viruses include rabies, herpes, and Ebola.
There is no cure for a virus, but vaccination can prevent them from spreading.
Effects of viruses can range from life-threatening to virtually symptomless.
Almost every ecosystem on Earth contains viruses.
Before entering a cell, viruses exist in a form known as virions.
Viruses do not contain a ribosome, so they cannot make proteins. This makes them totally dependent on their host. They are the only type of microorganism that cannot reproduce without a host cell.
After contacting a host cell, a virus will insert genetic material into the host and take over that host's functions.
After infecting the cell, the virus continues to reproduce, but it produces more viral protein and genetic material instead of the usual cellular products.
It

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.874592
Retrieved Text: A fifth case of African Swine Fever (ASF) in China was reported on Aug. 30, with other recent outbreaks also reported in Romania and Ukraine.
Although these incidents do not represent the first time African swine fever has been detected outside of Africa – outbreaks in Europe and the Americas date back to the 1960s – its recent detection and diverse geographical spread of the outbreaks have raised concerns that the disease may move across borders and potentially affect other countries, including the United States.
Published scientific studies have indicated that feed and feed ingredients may become contaminated and serve as a vector for transmission of viruses. Research currently is underway to identify mitigation steps to minimize ASF virus in feed, but results are forthcoming and currently there are no U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved additives for the control of ASF. In addition, there currently is no validated method to detect ASF in feed or feed ingredients. To minimize the potential for introduction and spread of viruses, including ASF, within the feed supply-chain, feed facilities should implement effective biosecurity practices that are appropriate for their operations.
ASF is a highly contagious virus spread by direct and indirect contact with contaminated objects. Some biting insects and tick species can carry and transmit the virus, and the disease also readily can be spread by pigs eating uncooked garbage (swill) that contains tissues from infected animals.
ASF can survive for long periods (months to more than a year) in the environment and in pork products (cured, refrigerated and frozen).
Clinical signs can resemble common

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.76703
Retrieved Text: Infectious bronchitis (IB), also referred to simply as bronchitis or a cold, is a virus that affects chickens. A similar disease can affect bobwhite quail (quail bronchitis), but it is caused by a different virus.
Infectious bronchitis is highly contagious and can spread quickly through a flock. The virus is spread through the air and on feed bags, infected dead birds, and rodents. The virus can also be transmitted through the egg to developing embryos, but an affected embryo typically does not hatch.
Consumption of feed and water declines.
Sick chickens chirp and have watery discharge from the eyes and nostrils.
Young chickens have labored breathing and might gasp. Breathing noises are more noticeable at night while the chickens are resting.
The infectious bronchitis virus can infect different parts of the body, including the reproductive system. When a hen's reproductive system is infected, the shells of the hen's eggs can become rough and misshapen, and the egg whites can become watery.
There is no specific treatment for infectious bronchitis. Administering antibiotics for three to five days may aid in fighting off any secondary bacterial infections. For brooding chicks, it is helpful to raise the room temperature 5°F until symptoms go away.
An effective biosecurity program is the best method of preventing infectious bronchitis. Such a plan should include rodent control. Vaccinations are available.
The infectious bronchitis (IB) information site. Intervet, Schering-Plough Animal Health.
Infectious bronchitis virus: Classical and variant strains. Gary Butcher, David Shapiro, and Richard Miles, University of Florida.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.757748
Retrieved Text: Smallpox is a contagious, disfiguring and often deadly disease that has affected humans for thousands of years. Naturally occurring smallpox was eradicated worldwide by 1980 — the result of an unprecedented global immunization campaign.
Stockpiles of smallpox virus have been kept for research purposes. This has led to concerns that smallpox could someday be used as a biological warfare agent.
There’s no treatment or cure for smallpox. A vaccine can prevent smallpox, but the risk of the vaccine’s side effects is too high to currently justify routine vaccination for people at low risk of exposure to the smallpox virus.
The first symptoms of smallpox usually appear 12 to 14 days after you’re infected. During the incubation period of seven to 17 days, you look and feel healthy and can’t infect others.
A few days later, flat, red spots appear first on your face, hands and forearms, and later on your trunk. Within a day or two, many of these lesions turn into small blisters filled with clear fluid, which then turns into pus. Scabs begin to form eight to nine days later and eventually fall off, leaving deep, pitted scars.
The rash is usually most noticeable on the palms of your hands and the soles of your feet. Lesions also develop in the mucous membranes of your nose and mouth and quickly turn into sores that break open, spreading the virus into your saliva.
Smallpox usually requires fairly prolonged face-to-face contact to spread. It’s most often transmitted through the air by droplets that escape when an infected person coughs, sneezes or talks.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.751242
Retrieved Text: Admit it! It’s actually cute to see your cat sneezes! However, if it’s what your kitty does for a long time, then it’s not cute anymore. It becomes something alarming. Do cats actually sneeze? Is it really a sneeze? And why do cats sneeze in the first place?
Basically, if your cat sneezes occasionally, it’s normal and you shouldn’t be worried about it. Just like humans, cats sneeze as a response to something irritable in their nasal drains. Nostril tickle can also end up with a sneeze.
Yet, if after one sneeze then come another one and another one, this can be a sign of allergies. Yes, cats can have allergies as well. And the allergens can be cigarette smoke, household cleaners, strong fragrance, dust mites, or pollen. In this case, you should be able to check your air environment.
And when they sneeze, the explosive air comes out through their mouth and nose. In some cases, movement or even excitement can make your cat sneeze as well.
On the other hand, you should be alarmed if the sneezing always comes most of the time. If this happens, you should check the other symptoms which may accompany the sneezing itself. And visit your vet as soon as possible.
If you take a look at it deeper, sometimes the real cause of your cat’s sneezing is more than an allergy, or just excitement. The vet may have to observe the cat’s symptoms to find out whether sneezing is just a sign of a serious disease or just sensitive nasal nerves.
The vet should

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.679417
Retrieved Text: Many animals harbor viruses that can jump to other species, but bats may be in a class of their own when it comes to carrying zoonotic (human-infecting) viruses. Bats are reservoirs for more than 60 viruses that can infect humans, and host more viruses per species than even rodents do, new research shows.
“There seems to be something different about bats in terms of being able to host zoonotic infections,” study researcher David Hayman, a wildlife epidemiologist at Colorado State University (CSU), told LiveScience.
In recent years, bats have received a lot of attention for their virus-hosting abilities. They’ve been shown to carry a number of harmful infections, including rabies and viruses related to SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome). Moreover, research suggests bats may be the original hosts of nasty viruses such as Ebola and Nipah, which causes deadly brain fevers in people.
This impressive track record left Hayman and his colleagues wondering: Are bats somehow special in their ability to host zoonotic viruses?
The researchers also looked at different factors that could help explain bats’ surprising zoonotic viral richness. One factor stood out: sympatry, in which multiple species of an order of organisms inhabit the same geographical area. Bat and rodent species were more likely to host multiple viruses if their habitat ranges overlapped with the ranges of other bat and rodent species, respectively. And though rodents experience more range overlaps than bats (due to their greater number of species), the effect of sympatry was almost four times stronger for bats.
Compared with rodents, “adding one more bat species to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.639872
Retrieved Text: A deadly dog virus is spreading across the UK once again.
12 cases of the highly contagious virus have been reported to a pet rescue charity in Lincolnshire in just 48 hours.
And it could be set for a resurgence in the East Midlands, with cases confirmed in Loughborough.
Parvovirus - often shortened to parvo - is a particular cause for concern among dog owners.
According to national animal charity Blue Cross Rescue, the vast majority of dogs who are diagnosed with the virus die.
Earlier this summer, tweets from ParvoAlert confirmed that multiple cases of Parvo had been reported in Loughborough.
One veterinary practice had seen four cases of the deadly virus in six weeks.
The rise will come as a worry to any dogs owners, and animal charity Blue Cross has offered advice on how to protect your pet.
The virus attacks dogs&apos; intestines, stopping them from absorbing vital nutrients.
Young puppies and unvaccinated dogs are most at risk from becoming victims.
How do you know if your dog has parvovirus?
Symptoms of parvo include foul-smelling diarrhoea with blood in it, vomiting, loss of appetite, collapse, depression, fever and sudden death.
Young puppies and unvaccinated dogs, including those who have not had their booster injections, are most at risk from becoming victims of parvo.
Parvo outbreaks are most commonly seen in towns and cities with a large population of unvaccinated dogs.
Is it contagious to other dogs?
It is highly contagious and can be spread very easily and it can take up to seven days for a dog to display symptoms. It can be spread through bodily fluids and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.566633
Retrieved Text: Me and my 5 yr old daughter both loves to do Easy DIYs whenever we have free time. We love crafting and make our home a mess togather. We are always looking for some Easy DIYs which looks lovely and funny too. This one is the easiest of all which takes no time to prepare and every child can do that alone too.
Use Paper plates to create the characters which will turn up to a creative design.
Both of us love to create something unique and this time we have tried making Jellyfish from Paperplate that will make everyone happy. I have seen so much interaction with kids when they make it themselves. They love to save them from anything, thinking as they are real for them.
Complete it with easy steps to follow. I am sure every kid will love to do this.
Draw a shape of semi circle on it.
With the help of adult, Trim it down .
Cut 2 eye shapes paper.
Stick the eyes on the semicircle paper plate with the help of glue.
You can add wax colours on paper plates (on the side you eat) of your choice to make jellyfish look more attractive and colorful.
From the decorative paper, cut down 3-4 colourful ribbons.
After you have stick the eyes on paper plate, turn back the paperplate and stick the ribbons one by one of same length with the help of glue. These will be jellyfish tentacles.
Ensure those ribbons are nicely placed.
Note :- It develops child’s motor skill and valuable cutting practice which leads to a creative

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.531754
Retrieved Text: Computer viruses have been around for a long time. The first virus is thought to have been released in 1982. Ever since this first virus, there have been thousands of different releases of computer viruses.
A virus is a malicious computer program which can replicate itself. It's created to change what your computer does. Viruses can be contracted without your permission and you might not know anything about the infection until you run a virus scan.
The first virus, which was released in the wild and affected normal computers, was created in 1982. There were previous viruses created before this time but these were never released from the labs where they were written.
This first virus attacked Apple Dos 3.3 and was spread by disks. This virus was written by Rich Skrenta.
The first virus to attack PCs was called ©Brain and it was released in 1986. This was a boot sector virus written by brothers from Pakistan. Apparently the reason for this computer virus was to prevent people pirating their software.
Before networks were common place, viruses would spread on floppy disks. This was made easy because people commonly shared information on floppy disks. These computer viruses emerged in the 80's.
Computer viruses became much more widespread throughout subsequent years. Thanks to networks and the internet the spread of viruses was made easier.
There are lots of different types of viruses. Macro viruses became extremely common during the 90's. These are very easy to write as they are normally written using tools included with office applications. These macro viruses are dangerous because

================



======= Instance Index 26 =========
Input Text: Process:
- You take a tray
- Add water into the tray
- You insert the tray into a freezer
- The water molecules begin to slow down
- The water becomes ice
- The ice cubes are ready.

Question:
suppose less water is added to the tray happens, how will it affect LESS ice cubes being made.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 49.141575
Retrieved Text: Easily - the best way to make the perfect shaped super large whisky ice ball spheres. Every man and woman that loves a good scotch needs a decent whiskey ball maker. And this incredible 4 ice ball mould tray makes the perfect perfect spherical ice cubes for the stiffest of drinks. The large BPA Free silicone ice sphere mould tray will allow you to produce incredibly shaped large ice balls - for cooling world class whiskeys without dilution. And they last longer and melt way slower. The secret behind is the spherical shape which allows the ice to melt slower resulting in better cooling and less dilution of your beverage. . Trust me you'll never want to use regular old boring ice cubes ever again. Frozen balls will be the way of your future and there will be no turning back. Features: Make 4 super large jumbo ice ball spheres with ease Each mold makes an ice ball approximately 2 inches (4.5 cm) in diameter Easy to fill and easy to release flexible silicone Ice Spheres melt slower than regular ice resulting in keeping your drink colder and less water diluting your drink Get Creative - Ice balls can be flavored colored or even filled with fresh fruit or mint leaves! Easy to wash and re-use - dishwasher safe Made from 100% Food-grade silicone These large ice balls melt slower than ice cubes so your drink will not become diluted with water. And for an added treat freeze your favorite juice coffee or drink into ice

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.35356
Retrieved Text: Why is my ClearlyFrozen ice cloudy at the bottom of the cubes?
You let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes solid and "the cloud" pushed down under the blue tray gets pushed back up.
Why is there so much ice stuck to the bottom of the blue ice tray?
Again - you let the ice freeze too long - you get the best results - and don't have a lot of ice frozen to the bottom of the blue tray - when you empty the tray before the assembly freezes.
In a regular ice cube tray, the ice freezes from all sides, trapping a cloud of dissolved air and impurities in the center.
Why is the ice in a bar or restaurant clear?
Commercial establishments have dedicated commercial ice makers, like what you see when you fill an ice bucket while staying in a hotel. Those machines employ pumps, motors and specialized refrigeration surfaces to produce clear ice. They are expensive, take up a lot of room, use a lot of electricity and require water pre-treatment and frequent maintenance. And they only make small pieces of ice, not large "rocks."
How do you make clear ice at home - what makes ClearlyFrozen ice clear?
By contrast, the ClearlyFrozen tray is designed to work passively in an ordinary freezer. Because it is insulated on the sides and bottom, the ClearlyFrozen tray freezes directionally, from the top down, pushing "the cloud" of dissolved air toward the bottom of the tray, and through

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.796158
Retrieved Text: Clear ice is not just more beautiful than cloudy ice. It is also WAY more pure than the water from which it comes. Before refrigeration, ice was harvested from lakes in the winter, stored in ice houses and them brought out in the summer. In 1890, The Massachusetts Department of Public Health studied the quality of melt water from clear lake ice, and discovered that it was safe to drink even if the lake itself was polluted. This is because the directional freezing that occurs on the surface of a lake - the same principle that creates ClearlyFrozen ice - pushes not only the cloud of dissolved air, but also everything else in the lake water downward, even reducing the bacteria count by up to 99%!
We tested this by mixing up a batch of dark green food coloring in water, and freezing it in a regular ice cube tray and a ClearlyFrozen ice cube tray. In the regular tray, the food coloring had no place to go, so the cubes (on the sides) came out dark green. In the ClearlyFrozen tray, not only the cloud, but also the the food coloring was forced downward, and largely eliminated from the cubes (center).
An interesting thing about ice is that it can also be used for "cold" distillation.
Alcoholic beverages normally begin with fermentation. Yeast is added to a solution containing water and some form of sugar and/or starch - e.g., rye (rye, Canadian whiskey), molasses (rum), potatoes (vodka), barley (scotch, bourbon, beer), grapes (wine) - and it converts those

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.670975
Retrieved Text: After a 6 year search we have at last found the stainless steel popsicle mold! No more toxins from plastics leaching into your frozen treats.
Made from 18/8 stainless steel, this fast freeze mold is easy to use, easy to clean, and will last you a life time. Designed so that one ice pop can be removed (or re-filled) at a time. Simply hold the mold in your hand for a moment, or run under warm water briefly. (Not too long, it will release very quickly.) Each set comes with one stand, 6 molds, 6 lids and 12 removable silicone rings. The rings ensure proper stick placement. No more tilted stick, or sunken sticks or poped out sticks. Comes with bamboo ice pop sticks.
We have been waiting for these for years!!!!
Welcome back to the fifties (but with stainless steel instead of aluminum)! This ice cube tray will remind you of the one your grandmother used to have and is perfect for freezing small portions of food -- chopped herbs, crushed garlic, pesto, baby food, and of course ice cubes! This durable high quality stainless steel ice cube tray has been thoroughly tested and will keep your freezer foods healthy and safe. Plastic-free, BPA-free, lead-free. Don't settle for anything less when it comes to well-being and piece of mind.
This ice cube tray is made of high quality food grade stainless steel 18-8. It is dishwasher safe. Please be aware that this ice cube tray has been re-constructed in stainless steel out of an old aluminum model. We suggest

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.18925
Retrieved Text: I don’t know about you guys, but I HATE water. Like, seriously loathe it.
It has taken me every ounce of self control to cut soda out of my everyday life and replace it with water. It’s also taken about 5 years to actually do it. (Yes, I already know I am crazy. Yes, I ask myself why I do it everyday. Blame my sister).
Obviously, most of us already know about all of the great benefits that water offers, but there’s still just something so boring and plain about it.
Because I have quite a bit of experience with camouflaging my water now and also because warmer temps are right around the corner, I thought I’d share some easy ways to dress up your glass of H2O with easy flavored ice cubes!
Tell me your guests wouldn’t be impressed when you hand them a glass filled with these pretty cubes!
The first step is the water.
If you want a really pretty ice cube, and want to be able to see through it, you’ll want to use filtered water.
Boil it first, let it cool completely, and then boil and let it cool completely again.
I wasn’t that patient when I made these beauties, but they still turned out really pretty, despite my lack of patience.
I really love large ice cubes. (I used this extra large ice cube tray. The silicone is perfect for popping these cubes out too!) They last longer in your drinks and you only need a few cubes to fill a glass.
If you choose to make larger cubes, keep

########
Rank: 5
Score: 43.937008
Retrieved Text: How Long Does It Take to Make Ice Cubes?
While many may absentmindedly fill their ice cube trays and forget about them until the ice has frozen, it can be interesting to consider just how long it takes for those ice cubes to freeze completely.
What are the variables involved? Are some methods of making ice faster than others? We’re going to answer those questions here so that you can learn which ice-making methods are most efficient, as well as how long you can expect it to take for your regular tray to make ice.
Oh, and if you're looking for the best kind of portable ice machine, that you can even take camping, you should check out this article.
Are There Any Faster Methods To Make Ice?
There are a couple of things to consider here. The first is the overall size of the cubes you’re making. If they’re smaller cubes, then there is less water to freeze. Therefore, they will freeze more quickly.
The second aspect to consider is the surface area involved. For example, if you’re making wider cubes that are thinner, they’ll freeze more quickly than thick cubes. If you have a tray that allows for some air space in between each cube, that will also help them to freeze more quickly.
You’ll also need to pay attention to the temperature in your freezer as you work to freeze the water. Typically, if your freezer has nothing else in it or everything else inside has already been thoroughly frozen, your freezer will be able to work at its most

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.105145
Retrieved Text: ✔ FAST ICE CUBES within 8 MINUTES so that you will never again have to buy ice at a convenience store. This ice maker produces ice cubes in less minutes than it takes to run to the store. Featuring a powerful compressor the Arctic-Pro Portable Ice Maker PRODUCES 26 POUNDS of ice per day. Never worry about running out of ice and be confident that your party guests will never have to wait on a refill. It’s removable tray and scoop are for easy ice transfer ice to your guests.
✔ SUPER EASY TO USE just fill it up with some water and press on and that’s all you gotta do, it's that simple! You have the options to choose from 2 size ice cubes, Small or Large. Run the Arctic-Pro Ice Maker all day or set it on a timer. Use the super intuitive and easy to use DIGITAL SCREEN to see what to do with the ice maker and what's going on. It’s LIGHTWEIGHT and compact design makes it easy for you to move and travel with. GREAT FOR use at pool parties, home bars, offices, tailgating!
✔ PEACE OF MIND with the SEE-THROUGH WINDOW top allows you to monitor the amount of ice that is being made and ice level checking, But it doesn't stop there, this ice maker is INTELLIGENT with the use of sensors it won’t overfill your bucket. Made with digital controls with an easy to use LCD control panel you are able to choose from two ice size settings. Provide your

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.739933
Retrieved Text: Buy Joseph Joseph® QuickSnap™ Plus Easy-Release Ice Tray in Green from $11.99 at Bed Bath & Beyond. Joseph Joseph's QuickSnap Plus Ice Tray makes it a breeze to release ice cubes. Simply twist the tray to loosen the cubes, then push each switch to release one at a time. Remove only the cubes you need. Trays stack in the freezer to maximize space.Joseph Joseph's QuickSnap Plus Ice Tray makes it a breeze to release ice cubes. Simply twist the tray to loosen the cubes, then push each switch to release one at a time. Remove only the cubes you need. Trays stack in the freezer to maximize space.
Compact and sleek, the RSVP Garlic Cube can mince and slice garlic with ease. A clear bin collects droppings so your kitchen counter stays neat as you work. The Garlic Cube is dishwasher safe and easy to store- prepare fresh garlic in no time.
The innovative silicone lid of the OXO No-Spill Ice Stick Tray ensures that water won't drip out as you carry it from the sink to the freezer. It also keeps the ice from absorbing freezer odors and allows you to stack other items on top.
Clean, peel and chop veggies with the KitchenIQ Mini Prep 3-in-1 Multi Tool. All parts are contained in a compact ball that's comfortable to hold and easy to store.
Add some pop to your kitchen with the American Weigh Scales ONYX Slim Kitchen Scale. Features a modern colored glass and plastic construction. Plus, touch activated keys, easy-to-read back-lit reverse LCD display.
Made of food-grade

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.518696
Retrieved Text: Removing ice cubes from an ice tray and putting into a plastic tray.
Ice cubes thrown into a glass.
Ice cubes being dropped into a glass of water.
Ice cubes being dropped into a glass of water and slight water movement.
Ice cubes in an ice cube tray jumping and hopping lightly and plucking then out.
Ice cubes dropping in a glass tumbler with a thick, crisp and slow sound.
Ice cubes jumping in an ice cube tray with some glass ringing.
Ice cubes in a glass tumbler of water swirling and rattling, with a lurch.
Medium ice cubes dropping into a glass tumbler in a simple and slick way.
Ice cubes jumping fast in an ice cube tray.
Ice cubes in a glass tumbler of water swirling and rattling strongly.
Ice cubes dropping in a glass tumbler quickly.
Ice cubes jumping in an ice cube tray roughly with ringing off glass.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 42.483612
Retrieved Text: Iâ€™m sure youâ€™ve heard by now that you should be drinking more water and fewer sodas, cocktails and energy drinks. But that doesnâ€™t mean that you suddenly love water and crave a glass of it at happy hour, right? Iâ€™m all for everything in moderation, but when itâ€™s time to sip water, you can make it less tortuous by freezing fruit into your ice cubes. They make a glass of water more fun to drink and as the cubes melt, they infuse the water with yummy flavors that make it a little less bland. Try these and youâ€™ll see what I mean.
Citrus is one of your best choices for water because it has a great flavor that is refreshing and thirst quenching at the same time. Peel an orange and add the segments to your ice cube tray. You can also cut a whole orange into slivers. The peel is pretty flavorful so donâ€™t be afraid to use it. Lemons, limes and grapefruits are other wonderful citrus choices.
Berries are fruity and wonderful and they add so much to water. You wonâ€™t want to miss how great they taste as an ice cube melts in your water bottle. Try strawberries, blueberries, raspberries or blackberries. You could also go really crazy and try a couple of different kinds of berries in your water.
Youâ€™ll need to peel a kiwi before you add it your ice cube trays or youâ€™ll just have the fuzz floating around in your glass. Once youâ€™ve removed the peel, slice the kiwi into small chunks

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.4676
Retrieved Text: Mini and I made lemonade for the first time EVER.
1: Boil 1 cup of water. Turn off and add sugar. Stir until sugar has dissolved. This is your simple syrup that will perfectly sweeten the lemonade.
2: In a pitcher, mix the lemon juice with the simple syrup. Stir.
3: Add the rest of the water to the sweet lemon mix. Stir.
4: Pour some of the lemonade into an ice cube tray. Put tray into freezer, and chill the rest of the lemonade in the fridge.
5: Once lemonade in the ice tray has set, drop cubes into the lemonade and serve.
6: I think some mint added into the lemonade would also be nice.
Apparently, we made lemonade that turns little girls into all manners of crazy. She makes Mama proud.
yes I think maybe less sugar next time or more water?:) I cheat and hit the frozen can stuff.
I made lemonade like this (boiling water, etc) last summer. It was divine. Now, Stewie constantly grabs the ReaLemon bottle out of the fridge & asks to make lemonade (a similar dialog to Mini's). It's a cheaty method (no boiling) but I think Max did it with them last week, judging by the barage of "wemadelemonade! canwebringlemonadetosoccer? canIhavesomelemonadeNOW?" I got when I walked in the door.
WTF is up with lemonade?
That is the definition of awesomeosity!
Also, here's how I make lemondade: dump contents of Crystal Light packet into picther. Add water. Stir.
I think "The Exorcist" was on TV last night... isn't that where that crazy girl look comes from? Very cute video.
Home-made lemonade

########
Rank: 11
Score: 41.47693
Retrieved Text: Published 04/23/2019 04:41:46 pm at 04/23/2019 04:41:46 pm in Ice Maker Overflows And Freezes.
ice maker overflows and freezes samsung rs refrigerator water line for ice frozen refrigerator ice maker makes hollow ice cubes how to fix replacement ice makers and parts.
ice maker overflows and freezes, amazoncom vremi countertop ice maker ice cubes ready in mins vremi countertop ice maker ice cubes ready in mins makes lbs ice, cuisinart ice maker overflows ice cream makers questions answers icecreamnotfreezeinnewice, repairing the whirlpool and kitchenaid ice machines , samsung refrigerator ice maker freezing youtube samsung refrigerator ice maker freezing, how does a refrigerator ice maker work appliance repair youtube , fixed arbcc ice freezes into clump click image for larger version name fafdcecbjpg views size, the ice maker is freezing over with ice and the tray has a block of the ice maker is freezing over with ice and the tray has a block of ice in it, solved ice maker leaking water fixya ice maker leaking water hqkxnttsgicnyjnrabhebjpg, refrigerator ice maker not dropping ice cubes from mold tray refrigerator ice maker will not drop ice cubes from mold tray, frigidaire lb compact ice maker black eficblackcom best buy frigidaire lb compact ice maker black frontzoom.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 41.010387
Retrieved Text: Your morning java will never be the same.
Courtesy The Burlap Bag Fitness trends come and go. Wardrobes change with the seasons. As for beverages, one thing stays constant all year long: There’s never a bad time to drink iced coffee.
However, there are bad ways to make iced coffee, like using regular ice cubes. You know what they do to your drink, how they water it down and turn it into coffee-flavored water. No one wants that. We deserve more from our beverages.
Luckily, you can save yourself from this unfortunate experience with one easy solution: coffee ice cubes, like the ones made by our friends at The Burlap Bag. Simply pour leftover coffee (or a fresh pot, your choice) into an ice cube tray and let it sit in the freezer for 3-4 hours. You’ll probably want a tray specifically for coffee cubes so your actual ice cubes don’t taste like java.
Add those to your cup of iced coffee, and as they melt, your drink stays rich sans the extra, unwelcome water.
Need tips on how to brew the best coffee, hot or iced? We’ve got them right here.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 40.763035
Retrieved Text: The iceman cometh: Névé Ice's Michel Dozois talks gourmet ice in L.A.
While both The Times and the New York Times have covered the increasing importance of ice in high-end bars and restaurants, few companies have rushed to meet the demand of establishments in search of gourmet ice.
Enter Névé Ice, a new local outfit that aims to provide high-end restaurants and nightspots quality ice to augment that $15 libation.
"When cocktails were originally invented, they were served warm," says Névé co-founder Michel Dozois, who tends bar at STK and has previously poured at hot-spot restaurants such as Comme Ca.
"Over time it spread to saloons and other establishments," he said, explaining that bars would receive a huge rectangular block of ice, or several, every day. Then the bartender would cut the blocks into smaller cubes with a pick and hammer. Other instruments, such as knives or spoons, were used to shape the cubes into something that fit the glass.
Dozois says restaurants (at least the ones that can afford it) are going back to those basics in increasing numbers. "Machine-made ice just causes too much dilution," he says.
When did you start Névé?
We began researching ice in October of 2007, and made our first delivery in April of 2008. We are a brand-new company, pioneering a new solution for an old way of life.
How do you make your ice?
to protect this process, we must guard it as Coca-Cola guards their recipe.
And what about the water you use for your ice? Is it tap water?
As for the water, we use reverse osmosis

########
Rank: 14
Score: 40.43196
Retrieved Text: It’s easy to make the perfect ice cube when you’re using this one of a kind silicone ice cube tray!
The patented Grid-Lid offers you a simple, mess-free experience. From filling the tray to retrieving the ice cubes, everything is easier with a Buzbox! It’s shape and size take up less space too!
With these things on the market, there’s no reason to continue using your boring, water-spilling, freezer-hogging trays.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 40.26044
Retrieved Text: Once you've made or purchased your cold brew coffee, it's time to start experimenting with some refreshing cold brew iced beverage recipes. Here are a few staple cold brew coffee recipes we've been serving up to our guests for years.
The absolute best way to make coffee ice cubes is by using cold brewed coffee. Firstly, cold brew is strong, concentrated coffee which will help keep your iced coffee drink taste great when the coffee ice cubes melt. Secondly, cold brewed coffee is smoother and less acidic than regular coffee so when your coffee ice cubes melt, you can avoid that bitterness that comes with regular coffee ice cubes. Step 1, take your homemade cold brew or purchased cold brew. Step 2, grab a reusable ice tray. Step 3, pour your cold brew into the ice tray, leaving a little space at the top so that the liquid has room to expand. Step 4, freeze for a minimum of 6 hours unless you want to make an iced coffee slushy!
Now you can get crafty with your coffee ice cubes by adding other flavors or cream to them. Some people add cinnamon, nutmeg, or even cayenne pepper to give their iced coffee drinks a little something extra!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 40.205288
Retrieved Text: An ice cube tray is good for so much more than just plain ice cubes! It’s the perfect way to portion up and freeze a multitude of liquids for all kinds of crafty creations. Getting clever with ice cubes is oh-so-cool! And you will be the coolest this summer with this ice cube tray DIY recipe.
rom frozen cubes of aloe vera gel for cooling sunburn relief, to fun water color cubes, to a tasty frozen yogurt snack, we’re all about the ice cube tray!
1. Fill each cube of an ice tray with Aloe Vera gel.
2. Cover tray and place in freeze.
3. Pop a single Aloe cube out of tray and rub over sunburn.
1. Squeeze a small amount of watercolor paint into each cube of an ice cube tray.
2. Fill each cube of tray with water leaving enough room to mix the paint and prevent it from overflowing.
3. Use a small craft stick or tooth pick for mixing each color.
4. Carefully place a piece of aluminum foil over entire ice tray making sure it is pulled taut. Press the foil over tray to reveal the grid of the tray.
5. Carefully poke a small craft stick or tooth pick through the foil in the center of each cube to create a “handle” for the paint cube.
6. Gently place in freezer.
1. Place a berry in each cube of an ice tray.
2. Spoon in yogurt into each cube with enough room to place another berry on top.
3. Place lid on ice tray and gently tap filled tray against table to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 39.504494
Retrieved Text: Triple-digit temperatures have hit Southern California later than expected. I suppose I should be grateful that the thermometer reads only 103° today, as opposed to the day’s record high of 116° that blistered us in 1985.
Staying hydrated is critical when the sun decides to show off. I make sure my ice cube trays are well stocked and drink more fluids to make up for water loss.
I also take a cue from Jenny Harper, senior culinary specialist for the Nestlé Test Kitchens. Jenny freshens up summer drinks with lemon-flavored ice cubes.
Freeze the cubes, and then transfer them to a freezer-ready storage container. You can add a burst of flavor to water, iced tea, fruit juice and other beverages.
I like the BPA-free, though pricey, Stainless Steel Ice Cube Tray (right) from Onyx. And if I’m out of lemons, I’ll substitute other citrus fruit juices for flavorful ice cubes.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 39.017582
Retrieved Text: Image by Nick & Bay Nigro/Food Hacks Daily Step 2: Freeze Your Ice Cubes. Freeze your wine overnight in your ice cube tray. You want to make sure it is completely frozen so that the cubes pop out without wasting any wine.... This is a simple and interesting fire magic trick in which water is 'magically' drawn into a glass that contains a lit candle or match. Colored Fire Spray Bottles Green fire is easy to make and doesn't require any hard-to-find chemicals.
25/01/2017 · Here I am gonna sharing INSTANT WATER TO ICE MAGIC TRICK - How To Turn Water Into Ice In Seconds! REVEALED. In this INSTANT WATER TO ICE MAGIC TRICK is the Perfect Entertainment and …... Learn how to do the Arctic Breath magic trick! Watch as I pour water into a cup, blow on the water and instantly turn it to ice! I teach you how to do it at the end! Watch as I pour water into a cup, blow on the water and instantly turn it to ice!
Water, glass bottle, plastic mesh or wire screen, rubber band, and toothpicks. How to: Cut a small square piece of the screen, place it on the mouth of the bottle and secure it with the rubber band.
Image by Nick & Bay Nigro/Food Hacks Daily Step 2: Freeze Your Ice Cubes. Freeze your wine overnight in your ice cube tray. You want to make sure it is completely frozen so that the cubes pop out without wasting any wine.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.313347
Retrieved Text: Fills just like a conventional ice cube tray. Unlike a conventional ice cube tray, with QuickSnap™ Plus you only release the amount of ice cubes you really need.
Perfect for serving ice straight into drinks, without having to touch the cubes.
The flexible lid helps prevent water spills and the ice cubes from being tainted by freezer odours as well as enabling you to stack the trays on top of one another in the freezer drawer.
1 x QuickSnap™ Plus Easy Release Ice Cube Tray.
Conveniently releases just one ice cube at a time.
Stackable lid helps prevent spill and tainting from freezer odours.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.03993
Retrieved Text: Do you find yourself using only half a stock cube for a dish and throwing the other half away? Read our tips to save them for future use.
– Make up the stock cube with the required amount of water directed on the box, use what you need for the dish and freeze the rest in an ice cube tray for later use. When the ‘stock ice cubes’ are frozen solid, remove them and place them in a resealable plastic bag. Drop them straight into soups and stews without defrosting.
– Add finely chopped herbs to the stock before you freeze it into cubes and you will have herb-flavoured stock cubes ready to use for soups, sauces and stews.
– Stock cubes are full of salt (it’s often the first ingredient on the ingredients list) so omit salt from any recipe where you use one. Adjust the seasoning at the end.
– People buy what they think are healthy stock cubes but given that they are all (a) full of salt and (b) it’s a dried not fresh product, they are all fairly similar in terms of being healthy or not healthy. Choose one that you like the flavour of, make it up in a jug and taste it before you add it to a dish so you can see how strong a flavour it has.
A tip from the Gréatfood Kitchen : Look for professional chef stock powder or bouillon – we buy a large tub at Fallon & Byrne in Dublin – it’s from DGF Restauration and it’s a

########
Rank: 21
Score: 37.886692
Retrieved Text: Ice machines are utilized to make and preserve ice in packaging firms, hospitals, office lunchrooms, supermarkets, nightclubs, bars, restaurants and hotels. If you’re in the residential business, then buying high end ice maker machine will assure which you always have an enough supply of ice to cater your clients. It’ll relieve you the fear of lacking behind the ice during peak times or an unexpected rise in demand.
Today, the outlet provides a wide array of ice makers which produce distinct sorts of ice, incorporating crushed ice, ice nuggets, ice flakes, ice cubes and ice chips. But, it’s very vital to purchase equipment as per your business requirements. In scenario you want standardize ice cubes, you might choose for a cube Sonic ice machine residential. Flakes snow makers are appropriate for firms included in preservation of meat, sea food or other perishable foods. Nugget snow making devices are suitable for you if you operate a beverage business.
The ice makers are even categorized as per their cooling units, such as water cooling machines and air cooling machines. Consider which cooling unit is finest for your home business environment. The air cooling ice instruments are eco friendly, simple to install as well as less costly But, they want more room to function as well as to produce a lot of sound. Water cooling appliances are more costly to function however more reliable. These equipments produce less heat and don’t affect a room temperature. Also, they need less room than that of air cooling instruments. They are apt when there

########
Rank: 22
Score: 37.880707
Retrieved Text: Preserving herbs in ice cube trays is a great way to keep that fresh taste of summer long into the winter. Fresh basil, mint, tarragon, oregano, dill and many other herbs will freeze well. You can use regular water, which is what I did with these mint cubes. These are great added to summertime drinks like a Mojito on the Rocks, or of course a Mint Julep. I generally just like them added to a glass of cold water.
You can also use olive oil, butter, or ghee in the ice cube trays in place of the water. I would try olive oil with some fresh oregano, and then use those the next time you are making a quick pasta dish or finishing off a marinara sauce.
Recently I’ve been enjoying some slushie ice cubes. I made a frozen basil lemonade with my Vitamix, and when there was some left over, I poured it into my ice cube trays. Those cubes are absolutely delightful in a glass of cold water, or as a compliment to a bubbly glass of tonic water. (Try it out with a Gin and Tonic and see what happens!) I’ve even got some cubes of peach puree that I froze last summer that make great additions to a quick smoothie.
Once the cubes have frozen, pop them out of the trays and store them in a ziploc bag or other container. That way they won’t sublimate (shrink) from the dry air in the freezer, and you can use your trays to make more cubes.
The next

########
Rank: 23
Score: 37.86759
Retrieved Text: Last week when I was home in New England we had a very ladylike lunch at the Ocean House in Westerly, Rhode Island. When I ordered iced tea, this is what they brought.
How lovely is that? We all oooh'd when the server brought out the tray of iced teas. I loved that the restaurant used ice cubes made of tea and added mint, a slice of lemon and a stick of sugar cane to the glass. While my sister-in-law Sue and the girls and I enjoyed a lazy lunch I thought how easy it would be to prepare something as lovely at home.
I love limes. I love lemon. I have a problem. This is what I came home with earlier this week from my short stop at Trader Joe's.
So I decided to make my favorite summer drink--limeade with a twist-watermelon.
1. Cut watermelon into cubes (1 cup) and place in a single layer on a tray (Easy method: buy watermelon already cubed in your produce department) Freeze for at least 1 hour.
2. Squeeze 9 limes (approximately 1 cup depending on the size of the limes).
3. In a glass, fill with frozen watermelon cubes and add 1/3 cup of fresh squeezed lime juice and 1/3 cup of sparkling water. Sweeten to taste with simple syrup (recipe here) or superfine sugar.
Now go sit outside and ponder how wonderful later summer is.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.480457
Retrieved Text: Knowing how to remove tan discoloration and pimple marks on your face will help give you perfect skin. Home remedies and natural treatments are best to reduce acne marks and dark spots due to pimples and tan. Here’s how to remove that pesky tan, naturally.
First, take one potato and wash it thoroughly. Peel the skin and grate it.
Next, grind the grated potato in a mixer along with a ½ bowl of pomegranate seeds and 1 tablespoon of water.
Add a few drops of lemon juice to it and mix it well.
Pour the mixture into an ice cube tray and fill each section properly.
After that, place the ice cube tray in a freezer for 5-6 hours, until the mixture is frozen.
Your ice cubes are now ready to use.
Gently apply the cube on your dark spots until it melts.
Proceed to washing your face with cool water and dab it dry.
Use 1-3 ice cubes on your face daily to get a natural glow.
Potato juice has natural bleaching properties which will brighten your skin and naturally lighten the dark spot. Apart from this, a potato has many other benefits for your skin like: it helps to remove dark circles, as well as, it removes stubborn dark acne spots.
Mixing potato juice, pomegranate juice, and lemon juice is an awesome combination as potato juice and lemon juice is really good at brightening and whitening your skin within a short period of time. While pomegranate seeds ensure that your skin remains soft and dewy.
Next articleKundalini Yoga – The Art Of Awakening One’s True Being!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.4256
Retrieved Text: A Crosley Icyball will keep the interior of the cabinet colder than ice will keep it.
Its dry, cold air preserves food better and keeps vegetables crisp.
C - Place tub on stand in convenient location for heating operation, preferably in basement and fill to the top bead (Figure 2) with cool soft water before submerging cold ball.
E - When cold ball is drained empty (see "Draining") submerge the "cold ball" in the tub of water, hooking the catch over the rim of the tub and resting the "hot bail" against the wire bracket&emdash;(Figure 2).
F - Place the stove directly under the "hot bail" leaving a apace of about ~ of an inch between the bottom of the ball and the top of the stove (for oil stove see "Stoves").
G - For gas or gasoline, light the stove and adjust the flame so that its tips just touch the circular space inside the lower ends of the fins on the bottom of the "hot ball."
J - Leave the unit in this position until the bend of the tube, above the cold ball, becomes cool or slightly below room temperature. This should require from five to ten minutes.
K - If the Icyball Stabilizer is used, remove cap from it, pour in three pints of glycerin, or the same amount of any other odorless anti-freeze radiator solution, then fill with cool water and replace cap.
M - Place the unit In the Cabinet with the hot bail outside and the cold ball resting in the bowl of the Stabilizer. The end

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.30887
Retrieved Text: Where better to make and store ice than the depths of outer space with this Death Star Ice Cube Tray. A brilliantly innovative Star Wars themed ice tray, this is an ultra-cool gift for any fan of the legendary space saga.
Designed like the iconic Death Star from the original Star Wars films, the ice cube tray has a clever two in one function. The lower half of the Death Star is an ice cube tray that makes 32 rectangular ice cubes when filled with water. These can then be popped out and stored in the storage space in the upper half of the mould, while you refill the lower half to make more ice. When the lower half has frozen a second lot of ice cubes, the Death Star can be joined together, so you will have a full superweapon's worth of ice ready to go whenever you need it. Great for parties or just cooling down drinks in the summer.
Once frozen cubes can be popped out and stored in the top half of the lid, whilst you make more!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.205894
Retrieved Text: At PurpleSystemsSouth, we have a sophisticated ice making and dispensing system consisting of four trays to make ice cubes (until another one breaks in which case we’ll have fewer or until Kroger has them on sale again during dollar days in which case we’ll have more) and one bin to store completed cubes. I have started my workday annoyed the last two mornings when I’ve gone to get ice for my pop (soda/fizzy water/whatever you want to call it) and found the bin empty. One of those days, not only was the bin empty, but one of the trays had several cubes missing. In my world view, the ice cube bin is like the toilet paper roll: polite and civilized people do not leave it empty. If one takes the last ice cube out of the bin, one should empty at least one of the trays into it and then refill the tray with water so there is ice for the next person and the time never comes when both bin and trays are empty. If one finds an empty bin because the last person was not polite and civilized, one does not just pick cubes out of a tray and leave it for the next person to deal with. Evidently some of my coworkers feel differently. Perhaps these particular coworkers are just so young that they have no experience with non-automatic ice making and don’t know how it works. Perhaps they’re just lazy, lazier than me even.
Or perhaps I’m just extra cranky. I’ve been tired

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.200302
Retrieved Text: Whole House Reverse Osmosis Systems, are for the individuals that want just the best water quality available for all uses around the house and above all take advatage of what Simply Pure Water has to offer to health.
If pure water is what you want, a reverse osmosis drinking system is what you need!
Contaminated water and its negative effects on health have been making a lot of headlines lately. The water crisis in Flint, Michigan involving lead prompted increased scrutiny of public water around the country.
No matter where you live, there’s a lot more than just H2O in your home’s water. However, with a reverse osmosis system, you can drastically reduce those unwanted contaminants. The special membrane filters out the microscopic organisms and heavy metals.
Lead, radiation, arsenic, copper,nitrates and nitrites (hexavalent & trivalent), chromium, selenium, fluoride, radium, barium, cyst (cryptosporidium), total dissolved solids (TDS) and 118 other contaminats found in Florida's Water Supply.
A SPWTS reverse osmosis drinking water system partnered with a water softener allows you to enjoy the benefits of both soft water and purified drinking water. Plus, SPWTS R.O. systems are more efficient when they start with soft water.
You’ll Stop Buying Bottled Water!
If you don’t like the taste of your tap water, or you’re concerned about what might be in it, there’s a good chance you’re buying bottled water all the time.
Bottled water is expensive. Those plastic bottles create a lot of waste as they all too often go unrecycled and end up in landfills. Plus, the bottom line is much of that bottled water

########
Rank: 29
Score: 37.140003
Retrieved Text: Most people would use these just for ice balls, but they can be used for bath bombs, jello balls, and other round treats.
I love how this ice ball maker locks closed so that is it more stable when moving from being filled to the freezer.
We like to freeze juice in these to add a little extra kick to our water while drinking, or put the same kind of ice cubes as the drink we are enjoying for non watered down drinks.
This ice ball maker can be found on Amazon.
What the Brothers Tod has to say about their product.
THE BEST ICE BALL MOLDS: The Brothers Tod spherical ice maker features 3 securing systems to keep the water within the mold, eliminating possible spills and leaks. In this amazing ice tray every ball has its own security system, while the platform also has bolts to keep it in place. Not only that, but also the walls are made to keep each other secure, ensuring that the mold is perfectly closed! No more water drops around your kitchen, no more poorly shaped ice balls!
TOP NOTCH QUALITY: Made of the highest quality food grade, 100% BPA free and FDA approved flexible silicone. You can use this ice ball maker mold with peace of mind; no toxins or harmful ingredients here. This premium round sphere ice tray is completely safe to use for you and your children.
MADE TO LAST: Unlike stiff plastic molds or trays, this silicone sphere ice maker won't crack or break, no matter how long you use it.

================



======= Instance Index 27 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Someone is infected with bacteria
- That bacteria begins to grow and reproduce inside the cells
- The dividing bacteria begin to make toxins
- Those toxins damage your cells
- Disease symptoms may begin.

Question:
suppose the atmosphere is very thin happens, how will it affect LESS SEVERE disease occurring.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.619698
Retrieved Text: What is a dryline and how does it work?
WICHITA FALLS, TX (TNN) - If you’ve been keeping up with the weather over the last couple of days you will have heard us talk about the dryline that is coming in tonight.
What exactly is a dryline?
A dryline is where warm moist air from the Gulf of Mexico collides with warm dry air from the southwest.
What then happens is the less dense moist air will be lifted over the dry air and can produce thunderstorms if all the ingredients are present.
The 3 main ingredients are moisture, lift and instability.
Tonight for example we have 2 of the 3, we have moisture and lift from the air being lifted. However, the atmosphere is fairly stable.
A stable atmosphere means an extremely low chance of thunderstorms and tornadoes happening. An unstable atmosphere can lead to the development of strong thunderstorms and tornadoes.
Currently, the air over Wichita County is more stable than the surrounding areas, including parts of the Texas Panhandle and southern Oklahoma where strong to severe storms are occurring.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.371193
Retrieved Text: There are two forms of macular degeneration, dry (non-neovascular) or wet (neovascular). The term neovascular refers to the growth of new blood vessels.
Dry AMD is the most common form of the disease, making up about 85%-90% of all cases of AMD. It is characterized by blurred central vision or blind spots, as the macula begins to deteriorate. Dry AMD is an early stage of the disease and is less severe than the wet form,.
Dry AMD occurs when the aging tissues of the macula begin to thin out and break down. Tiny pieces of white or yellowish protein called drusen begin to appear, which are thought to be deposits from the macular tissue as it deteriorates. The appearance of these drusen are often what leads to a diagnosis of AMD during an eye exam.
With dry AMD vision loss happens gradually, however, the dry form can progress to wet AMD rapidly. There is currently no cure for dry AMD, however there is research that shows that some people can benefit from supplemental vitamin therapy including antioxidants, lutein and zeaxanthin.
Wet AMD is less common occurring in only about 10 percent of those with AMD. AMD is classified as Wet AMD when abnormal blood vessels begin to grow under the retina and leak fluid and blood into the macula, resulting in blind spots and a loss of central vision. Wet AMD can cause more damage to vision and permanent scarring if not treated quickly, so any sudden blur in vision should be assessed immediately, especially if one is aware that

########
Rank: 2
Score: 32.282913
Retrieved Text: Researchers at Lund University in Sweden believe they have found a method that in the future could help people suffering from epilepsy so severe that all current treatment is ineffective.
“In mice studies, we succeeded in reducing seizure activity by intervening in an area of the brain that is not the focus of the epileptic seizures, but is directly connected to it through a network of neurons. If we get the same result in further, long-term studies, it could pave the way for treatment of severe epilepsy”, says Mérab Kokaia, professor and director of the Epilepsy Centre at Lund University.
In the study, published in the research journal Scientific Reports, researchers succeeded in reducing epileptic activity in the hippocampus, an area of the brain which is important for memory and learning, among other things. In the most severe cases, this is exactly the part of the brain where epileptic seizures usually start.
The researchers used a method known as chemogenetics**, which enables them to reduce activity in the specific areas and nerve cells involved in an epileptic seizure, whereas other parts and cells in the body remain unaffected. This is in contrast to current drugs that affect more or less all parts and cells of the body, potentially leading to side-effects.
“Very few similar studies have been carried out previously, and this is the first study in which we succeeded in reducing the epileptic activity in one area of the brain by using chemogenetics to affect another area, not the seizure focus. This opens up the possibility of treating epilepsy

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.444221
Retrieved Text: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is an autoimmune condition in which your body immune system gets malfunctioned and mistakenly attacks your joints. The bad news, it can affect your entire body, making it more difficult to control if it has become advanced. One of common questions asked by RA sufferers, does it always get worse? How the disease will progress can vary from person to person. But there are a few common patterns in the way it progresses over the years.
Though this chronic inflammatory arthritis is common, one of common types of arthritis, it’s not fully understood yet. It still has no curative therapy. The treatment goal is to control and prevent the inflammation from worsening.
What causes the disease is not known. Though there are some possible explanations, the exact cause is still debatable. What experts do know, RA is associated with an abnormal response of the body immune system.
As mentioned before, the body immune system of people with RA gets malfunctioned. Normally, your immune system is responsible to fight against harmful invaders such as viruses and bacteria. But when it goes awry, it can mistakenly attack the wrong targets such as its own healthy cells /tissues. And no one knows what causes this malfunction!
Meanwhile, experts believe that some factors may have a role to trigger the disease. These include genes, environmental, and hormonal factors.
C5 and TRAF1, which are quite relevant to some cases of chronic inflammation.
STAT4, an important gene that affects the regulation and activation of the body immune system.
PTPN22, which is sometimes to blame for both

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.404324
Retrieved Text: When cancer strikes the lining of the lungs - otherwise known as the pleura - the disease that results is referred to as pleural mesothelioma. Technically speaking, the pleura is a sac which contains the lungs as well as a thin membrane known as the mesothelioma, which secretes a vital fluid that enables the lungs to expand and contract during the breathing process.
Indeed, pleural mesothelioma is the most common of the 3 types of mesothelioma, which also include the peritoneal and pericardial varieties of the disease. More than 75% of all diagnosed mesothelioma cases affect the pleura.
How Does Pleural Mesothelioma Develop?
When an individual is exposed to asbestos on a regular basis, whether it be through job-related activity or other environmental issues, inhalation of loose, airborne asbestos fibers can occur. These fibers travel to the lungs and become imbedded in the lung lining, outside of the lungs and inside the ribs.
When these jagged particles settle in the pleura, they cause inflammation. The inflammation, in turn, can lead to dangerous cancerous tumors. In some cases, those who've inhaled asbestos fibers will first develop the less-severe asbestosis, followed by mesothelioma several years later.
Upon diagnosis, patients usually exhibit multiple tumor masses affecting both the visceral (further from the lung) and parietal surfaces (closer to the lung) of the pleura. The parietal surface is more often affected than the visceral surface, and the right lung, due to its larger size, often suffers more damage than the smaller left lung. In addition, more asbestos tends to settle in the lower lungs than

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.096766
Retrieved Text: a. A scientific study shows that consumption of milk is beneficial for healthy bones.
b. There is an outbreak of mad cow disease.
c. The price of almond milk decreases.
d. In order to promote healthy families, a price ceiling on milk is implemented.
2. Suppose Johnny drinks 4 cups of milk every day no matter what the price. What kind of elasticity does it have?
3. Suppose that when the price of milk increases by 40%, the percentage change in quantity demanded by consumer is reduced by 10%. Calculate the elasticity.
4. Based on your answer to Question 3, What happens to total revenue when the price of milk is increased. Why?
For each event, you must specify how it effects either demand, quantity demanded, supply, or quantity supplied. It is also important to demonstrate how the change will affect the market demand or supply curve. Also, be sure to state any assumption you are making regarding the relationship of the event and milk.
Event: Price of cereal decreases.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.54155
Retrieved Text: After the blood has circulated through the body, it passes into the kidneys. The kidneys filter waste products and excess salt and water out of the blood, and pass these out of the body as urine. The kidneys also make hormones that control blood pressure, as well as maintain bone metabolism and the production of red blood cells. It's a serious problem when the kidneys stop working. Waste products that build up in the body cause imbalances in chemicals needed to keep the body functioning smoothly.
There are many different types of kidney diseases. Kidney diseases can lead to end-stage renal disease (ESRD), a condition in which the kidneys fail to work normally. People with kidney failure need to receive dialysis or a kidney transplant.
The most common causes of kidney disease include diabetes, high blood pressure, and hardening of the arteries (which damages the blood vessels in the kidney). Some kidney diseases are caused by an inflammation of the kidneys, called nephritis. This may be due to an infection or to an autoimmune reaction where the body's immune or defence system attacks and damages the kidneys. Some kidney diseases, such as polycystic kidney disease are caused by problems with the shape or size of the kidneys (anatomic disorders), while other kidney diseases interfere with the inner workings of the kidneys (metabolic disorders). Most metabolic kidney disorders are rare, since they need to be inherited from both parents.
Other common causes of kidney failure include certain medications that can be toxic to kidney tissue, and blockages of the system

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.513813
Retrieved Text: Wisdom teeth are molars found at the four very back corners of your mouth. Typically, they are the last of your teeth to erupt, occurring during the late teen years or early twenties.
Whilst in some cases wisdom teeth grow without causing any discomfort, in many patients these molars become impacted (fail to emerge) due to insufficient space in the mouth. In such situations, extraction is often recommended.
A misaligned wisdom tooth can push against and damage your other teeth. In addition, it may cause damage to the jaw and even affect surrounding nerves.
If you are experiencing the symptoms of an impacted wisdom tooth, it’s important to see your dentist as soon as possible as extraction will prevent many complications including gum disease and decay.
At Dr. Korol Dental, we offer sedation dentistry services to help patients avoid any pain, anxiety and discomfort during the wisdom tooth extraction procedure.
Our highly-qualified dentists have special training in sedation and extractions that will allow you to remain comfortable during the procedure and remember little to nothing about it afterwards.
Swelling: This will be worse for the first 2-3 days but will gradually improve. Gently applying a cold compress in the days following the extraction will help reduce the swelling.
Sore/Stiff Jaw: The stiffness of your jaw will wear off within 7-10 days. However, the skin around your jaw may feel bruised for up to 14 days.
Wisdom Tooth Pain: This may be more severe if the extraction was complicated. Your dentist may give you prescription painkillers to ease any discomfort.
Facial Numbness: Though this is less

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.236029
Retrieved Text: Australia is in a privileged position in that we are free of some of the world's worst animal diseases such as foot-and-mouth disease and avian influenza H5N1.
The government works hard to prevent our livestock from encountering these diseases and, in addition, has many measures in place to control threats from other, less serious diseases.
However, there is no doubt that animal pests and diseases will always be a major threat to Australia's livestock and poultry industries and an outbreak could impact on access to export markets and undermine livelihoods.
Diseases also have a negative impact on the welfare of animals, especially when animals are suffering clinically. Diseased animals are usually in a weakened state, so they are less able to feed, drink and seek shelter and are at risk of attack by predators.
Anthrax is an acute disease caused by infection with the spore-forming bacterium called Bacillus anthracis. It can affect a wide variety of animals. The disease usually occurs very suddenly in cattle and sheep. Affected animals are found dead often with no previous signs of illness with most cases of disease occurring in the 'anthrax belt' which is also known as the 'sheep/wheat belt' of Australia. Humans are also susceptible to anthrax, although human cases are very rare in Australia. The risk of human infection occurs when examining, skinning or cutting up an infected carcass.
Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), also known as 'mad cow disease' is a progressive, fatal disease that affects the nervous system of cattle. BSE is one of a number of transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (TSEs).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.190641
Retrieved Text: Scientists have discovered a previously unknown link between a mother’s diet in pregnancy and a severe form of liver disease in her child.
In a study, published in the journal Hepatology today, researchers at the University of Southampton found that a high fat diet during a woman’s pregnancy makes her offspring more likely to develop a severe form of fatty liver disease when they reach adulthood. The findings are another piece in the jigsaw for scientists who believe diets containing too high levels of saturated fat may have an adverse effect on our health.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a condition associated with obesity and caused by the build up of fat in the liver. This liver condition progresses in some people and it is important to understand the factors that contribute to disease progression. Until recently, NAFLD was considered rare and relatively harmless but now it is one of the most common forms of liver disease that may progress to cirrhosis a serious life threatening chronic liver disease.
Professor Christopher Byrne, with colleagues Dr Felino Cagampang and Dr Kim Bruce, of the University’s School of Medicine and researchers at King’s College London, conducted the study, funded by the BBSRC. Prof Byrne explained: “This research shows that too much saturated fat in a mother’s diet can affect the developing liver of a fetus, making it more susceptible to developing fatty liver disease later in life. An unhealthy saturated fat-enriched diet in the child and young adult compounds the problem further causing a severe form of the fatty liver

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.185751
Retrieved Text: Continuing on with your management steps. This is a community disease. It occurs, it's really important to notify other farmers and gardeners in your area as well as extension staff so that other people know that the disease is occurring and they can prepare. And now they can get out preventative sprays and try to save their crops. If you realize that you have reached a point where your crop is unmanageable, you're not going to be able to save it, don't just leave the crop there producing spores that will move on to other people's plantings. Really important to treat this as a community disease and get rid of those plants, preferably on a sunny day because the UV rays will kill the spores that you are dispersing by pulling up those plants. You bag them, you can pull up a bunch and cover them with a tarp and the plants underneath that tarp will heat up and get killed, you can dig a hole and burry them, and a lot of growers I know last year used a propane flames to kill them. So there are a lot of ways to get rid of those diseased plants.
This is the community garden here on Long Island where we had an outbreak this spring. And gardeners have learned that this is an important disease. They let me know right away that they thought they had late blight, I diagnosed it and you can see they bagged up those plants and they are leaving that bag out

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.17272
Retrieved Text: Ringworm Symptoms In Babies | | How To Cure Ringworm In 3 Days Or Less!
Immunisation Policy_____ Link to National Quality Standards- Quality Area Two: Element 2.1.1. / 2.1.4 Policy statement Ringworm / tinea Exclude until anti-fungal treatment has commenced Not excluded Roseola Exclusion is not necessary.
Barton Schmitt, MD Pediatric Protocols 4262 East Florian Avenue Mesa, Arizona 85206 480.633.8200 Ringworm S SARS Exposure Scarlet Fever Scorpion Sting – North America ear symptoms improved in 60% by 24 hours and resolved spontaneously in 75% .
Description and symptoms transmission Prevention and treatment Aspergillosis (Brooder Pneumonia) This is a fungal infection usually caused by Aspergillus fumigatus. It most commonly affects poults 5 days to 8 weeks of age, although it can affect older birds.
Preventing Illness in Child Care Settings Includes bibliographical references; p. Symptoms Which Should Exclude a Child ringworm, and herpes simplex are generally transmitted through direct contact.
24 GENITAL HERPES IN PREGNANCY KEY POINTS • Neonatal HSV infection is a rare, but potentially fatal, disease of babies, occurring within the first 4-6 weeks of life.
Cause severe complications for babies, so pregnant women should tell their obstetrician or midwife if they have ever had a herpes diagnosis. Managing herpes symptoms is important. Keeping the area dry, wearing loose clothing and resting is helpful.
Viral Meningitis Frequently Asked Questions What is viral meningitis? In babies, the symptoms include fever, fussiness, refusing to eat, difficulty waking up, and swelling of the soft spot on the baby’s head. How is viral meningitis diagnosed?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.036587
Retrieved Text: There is no dispute among knowledgeable and unbiased scientists that climate change is occurring.
Why, then, is there still ambivalence on the part of the public about how to respond?
Partly it’s because there are powerful vested interests determined to obfuscate the obvious; partly it’s because it can be difficult to sort out fact from fiction.
Debates tend to devolve into a shouting match between the extremes of the political and economic spectrum. Science can get lost in the cacophony.
Here’s what comes out when the subject of global warming/climate change is broken apart and simplified.
The long and short of it is that the temperature of the atmosphere is a degree (F) warmer than it was a hundred years ago, and the ocean is a foot higher.
Burning coal, oil, and natural gas — fossil fuels — releases carbon dioxide.
Models of the atmosphere which incorporate increasing amounts of carbon dioxide predict precisely the results we observe: Higher temeperatures on a global average, greater persistence of weather patterns, (Remember the Omega Block that wouldn’t leave?) and more weather extremes such as unseasonable cold snaps this September.
The convergence of theory and observation leaves virtually every impartial earth scientist convinced of the reality of climate change caused primarily by the burning of fossil fuels.
Powerful corporations, which have an interest in continuing quarter-to-quarter profits regardless of the consequences, have used disingenuous and downright dishonest tactics to obscure the clear harm that their activities are doing to the planet.
Statistics can be used to show virtually anything, and in this case it is easy to muddy the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.962181
Retrieved Text: Each step of all our procedures are explained in full detail.
Our approach to treating gum disease is conservative — that is to say we will do everything we can to effectively treat gum disease without recourse to periodontal surgery.
As a periodontal office, our training and experience is specialized in understanding and treating periodontal (gum) disease of all kinds, and understanding and treating the teeth and jawbone as they relate to gum disease. We can eliminate gum disease, save teeth and preserve bone where a general dentist might not be able to.
We look out for a variety of factors that could affect gum health when examining and treating our patients. This includes the patient’s age, medical history and medications. Medical conditions, such as diabetes, heart disease and immune system problems, can influence the success of periodontal treatment and how the treatment is done.
The first step is to establishing the type and severity of your gum disease through a thorough examination. We also review your medical and dental history.
We will advise you on your treatment options, and answer any questions you have.
Accurate probing using a thin, gentle probe tells us the pocket depth of your gums. Pockets occur when gum disease spreads below the gum line, causing the gum to detach from the root surface and form pockets in which bacteria can multiply and cause further detachment.
Pockets 4 mm and deeper indicate gum disease. A pocket 6 mm to 8 mm indicates an advanced stage of periodontitis (severe gum disease).
We take our diagnosis a step further by doing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.855997
Retrieved Text: Pneumonia is a medical term used to describe an infection of the lung. It is an acute respiratory infection.
It can affect either one of the lungs or both of them.
Who is affected by Pneumonia?
It can affect people of all ages – both adults and children.
However, there are certain age groups within which it is more common; it is also more serious when it occurs in certain age groups than in others. This is the case especially among the elderly and children – they are more commonly affected and are more likely to develop a more serious infection than other age groups would.
It doesn’t affect only developing countries, as it is also a public health problem in developed countries like the United States.
Treatment for pneumonia depends on the type and severity of the pneumonia. In most bacterial cases, pneumonia can be successfully treated with antibiotics. However, if pneumonia is not treated, it can make a person fall very sick and in severe cases lead to tissues in the body (especially in your heart and brain) not receiving the oxygen they need.
The antibiotic of choice is amoxicillin dispersable tablets. Hospitalization is recommended only for severe cases of pneumonia.
How much mortality does this disease cause?
Of all infectious diseases affecting children, it causes the largest number of deaths in children. And, in general, it is one of the leading causes (both infectious and non-infectious) of death in children.
Out of every 100 deaths that occur in children under that age of 5 years, about 16 of them are from pneumonia.
In 2015,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.6643
Retrieved Text: In rare cases, fenofibrate can cause a condition that results in the breakdown of skeletal muscle tissue, leading to kidney failure. Call your doctor right away if you have unexplained muscle pain, tenderness, or weakness especially if you also have fever, unusual tiredness, or dark colored urine.
You should not take this medicine if you have liver disease, gallbladder disease, severe kidney disease, or if you are breast-feeding a baby.
Fenofibrate can cause the breakdown of muscle tissue, which can lead to kidney failure. Call your doctor right away if you have unexplained muscle pain, tenderness, or weakness especially if you also have fever, unusual tiredness, or dark urine.
Fenofibrate can cause the breakdown of muscle tissue, which can lead to kidney failure. This happens more often in women, in older adults, or people who have kidney disease, diabetes, or poorly controlled hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid).
Fenofibrate is not approved for use by anyone younger than 18 years old.
Fenofibrate is only part of a complete program of treatment that may also include diet, exercise, weight control, and other medications. Follow your diet, medication, and exercise routines very closely.
Avoid eating foods high in fat or cholesterol, or fenofibrate will not be as effective.
Some medicines can make fenofibrate much less effective when taken at the same time. If you take any of the following medicines, take your fenofibrate dose 1 hour before or 4 to 6 hours after you take the other medicine.
This list is not complete. Other drugs may affect fenofibrate, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal products. Not all

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.534513
Retrieved Text: There are four valves in your heart, and these very thin membranes open and close to allow normal blood flow. The aortic valve allows the blood to pass between the left ventricle and the aorta. Aortic Stenosis – also called aortic valve stenosis – happens when this valve narrows, preventing normal blood flow.
While aortic valve stenosis can develop as a result of a congenital heart condition such as bicuspid aortic valve disease, most people will develop aortic valve stenosis as they age. Over time, the valve tissue becomes stiff and unyielding due to scarring or calcium buildup.
What are the Symptoms of Aortic Valve Stenosis?
If you are symptomatic, you must undergo treatment as soon as possible.
Aortic stenosis is most often detected using an echocardiogram.
Once diagnosed with aortic stenosis, you will require surgery to replace the valve. Penn Medicine is a leading center for the most challenging heart valve cases, offering a variety of approaches not commonly available at other medical centers.
Penn Medicine has extensive experience performing both open-heart surgery and Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacements (TAVR). TAVR is a less invasive procedure for patients with severe aortic stenosis who aren't candidates for traditional open-heart surgery.
Penn Medicine has performed more than 2,000 TAVR procedures and is recognized as a national leader in the procedure.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.410875
Retrieved Text: They report that Victoria is facing a worsening epidemic "defined by cases rapidly increasing in number, becoming more severe in nature, and occurring in new geographic areas."
Novel antibiotics or targeted antitoxin treatments are required, as wound infection is a serious problem for thousands of patients with chronic wounds," he said last year.
The environmental reservoir of the disease and how it spreads between humans are unknown. Most cases in Africa are associated with living near marshes and other aquatic environments.
But in Australia cases, are often linked to specific modes of transmission such as mosquitoes and possums, according to Andres Garchitorena, researcher at the Institute of Research and Development in France and an expert on Buruli ulcers, who was not involved in the most recent report.
In Australia, it seems more to be a terrestrial transmission whereas in Africa, for example, the strain is very different and is mostly transmitted through aquatic ecosystems,” Garchitorena said.
Doctors also do not know why cases are becoming more severe. “One possibility is maybe there’s some resistance to the antibiotics that they are using,” Garchitorena said.
and tuberculosis, according to the WHO.
“The way it creates the ulcers is that when it’s inside your skin, it multiplies, and it produces a toxin,” Garchitorena said.
The infection is treatable, and cure rates are “approaching 100%” with antibiotics such as rifampicin and clarithromycin, but if not treated quickly, the disease can result in long-term disability and cosmetic deformity.
Current antibiotic treatments prevent surgery in only 40% of patients, said Dr. Zlatko Kopecki, vice president of the Australasian Wound and Tissue

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.394993
Retrieved Text: Klipal is a brand name for a pain reliever that combines two major ingredients: paracetamol and codeine phosphate. Paracetamol is used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain, and for reducing fever. Codeine is an opioid, which mimics the effect of endorphins, which are naturally occurring pain-reducing chemicals, and helps program them to relieve your pain. You should not take more than two tablets at one time.
Some side effects of Klipal may include dizziness, light-headedness, feeling, faint, sleepiness, nausea or vomiting, vision disturbance, unusual tiredness or weakness, insomnia, constipation, stomach cramps, painful urination, redness or swelling at the place of injection, nightmares, a false sense of well-being, dry mouth, headache, or malaise. You may also experience the less common side effects of dark urine, bloody, black or tarry stools, white spots on lips or mouth, sore throat, pain in your lower back or side, jaundice, irregular heartbeat, restlessness, tremor or uncontrolled movements, sweating, irregular breathing, facial swelling, ringing in the ears, flushing, depression or mood swings, pale stools, or hallucinations. Taking too much Klipal can be dangerous, and you should get emergency help immediately if you experience cold or clammy skin, severe weakness, confusion, slow heartbeat, severe drowsiness, pinpoint pupils, low blood pressure, liver or kidney damage, or severe restlessness or nervousness.
Some medical problems may affect the way you use Klipal. Be sure to inform your doctor if you have a history of alcohol abuse or drug addiction, alcoholic liver disease, emotional problems, brain diseases or head injuries, lung diseases such as emphysema, enlarged prostate,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.354418
Retrieved Text: POV | What Happens When Someone Is Offended?
I’m almost done with the topic of how easily people are offended these days, but not quite. Sometimes things said or done are offensive. Usually they are not. These things that allegedly offend are usually nothing more than manufactured drama intended to call attention to an underappreciated, self-serving little twerp.
If someone close to you offends you, we never hear about it, right? You work it out in private, as you should. But with the ones we hear about, in most cases, these folks don’t have any relationship to the person who offended them, so it’s easy to call for severe punishments!
Suppose somebody I don’t know says something that really does offend me, you know what happens? Nothing. I don’t bleed, I don’t get shingles, I don’t even have to take a pill. I’m serious – nothing happens. And since nothing happened, it seems kind of silly for me to overreact and do something unforgiving like call for a boycott or for someone to be fired, unless I’m trying to draw attention to how wonderful and sensitive I am.
Most of what offends us is not worth our attention anyway. If you’re easily offended, be offended in private, if you must, but stop involving the rest of us, because your neediness and thin skin has become a little offensive.
What are your thoughts? Call and let us know.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.304125
Retrieved Text: There are many so called diseases, that are actually not ‘diseases’, they are actually serious “unhealthiness”. Let’s distinguish between unhealthiness and disease.
We know that a disease occurs at the red line of diagnosis. Diagnosis occurs when the unhealthiness has become so severe that it can be diagnosed as a disease.
Once a disease is diagnosed, we often look for a single solution. An antibiotic for a bacterial infection. An antifungal for a fungus infection. A drug for a disease. We treat disease with a surgical approach – a very specific solution that tackles a key point in a serious problem. In other words, let’s chase the symptom, not the cause of the problem.
Treatment is judged as a success if it moves the unhealthiness across the line of diagnosis. You can be just a shade over the diagnosis threshold, but according to the medical community you might be judged as ‘healthy’, because you cannot be diagnosed with a disease. This problem exists, in part, because medical doctors have a monopoly on diagnosis.
Unhealthiness is broader than disease. It includes disease – but also the gradient between perfect health and disease. It is harder to recognize, harder to identify, and much harder to treat. It must be treated with healthicines, not medicines. We all know situations where someone seemed ‘perfectly healthy’ and then they were ‘struck’ by a disease like cancer. But we also know that cancer normally takes years to develop. Years of unhealthiness that is not recognized. Arthritis is also a disease of unhealthiness, not a disease with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.138182
Retrieved Text: Hyaluronic acid (HA) is a naturally occurring substance that delivers nutrients to the skin, helping the skin retain moisture and softness and adding volume.
Why does volume loss matter?
Over time, your face changes in many ways. This is part of the normal aging process, but genetics and environmental factors also play a role.
You may notice a change in the appearance of your skin, typically in the form of deepening parentheses lines and wrinkles.
But what may be less obvious is age-related midface volume loss.
What are the signs of volume loss?
Your cheeks may flatten, and the skin may begin to sag.
Parentheses lines are static lines that appear when your face is at rest. This happens over time as your skin loses some of the building blocks (hyaluronic acid and collagen) that give the skin its structure.
Can the lips lose volume?
Yes, over time, your lips may lose volume and thin. However, many people seek out lip augmentation because they naturally have thin lips and simply desire more fullness.
Best of Beauty Breakthrough Award.
Over time, your skin loses elasticity, which contributes to moderate to severe parentheses lines and wrinkles around the nose and mouth. While serums and creams work on the skin’s surface, JUVÉDERM® XC adds volume to smooth these lines and folds, to help give you the subtle, long-lasting results you want.
Some people simply have naturally thin lips and just want to achieve a fuller appearance. Other people have noticed their lips thinning over time and may also have seen vertical lip lines become more noticeable. Whatever your unique needs are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.070168
Retrieved Text: This article outlines these potential complications and their main treatments.
Heart disease is a term used to describe a number of diseases that affect the heart. These diseases include arrhythmias (heart rhythm problems), heart infections, congenital heart defects (heart problems from birth), and blood vessel problems like coronary artery disease.
Heart disease - particularly heart disease that narrows or blocks blood vessels - can lead to heart attack, angina (chest pain), and stroke.
What's the link between heart disease and rheumatoid arthritis?
Research has shown that people with rheumatoid arthritis are not likely to live as long as others. Rheumatoid arthritis patients also have a higher risk of death. Heart disease is largely to blame for the high death rates among rheumatoid arthritis patients.
Doctors are unclear about how rheumatoid arthritis increases the risk of heart disease. Many researchers believe that inflammation - which causes rheumatoid arthritis - is also responsible for heart disease.
Chest pain or discomfort, also called angina, is the most common symptom of heart disease. This pain happens when your heart does not get enough blood or oxygen.
Making healthy lifestyle choices is the best way to prevent and treat heart disease. If you have rheumatoid arthritis, stay active and eat heart-healthy foods to protect yourself from heart disease. A healthy diet and regular exercise can treat heart disease just as it treats rheumatoid arthritis.
If you develop heart disease and lifestyle changes are not enough, your doctor may prescribe medications to lower blood pressure or reduce cholesterol levels.
If you spot any signs of heart disease, see your doctor immediately.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.048618
Retrieved Text: Experiencing a mental health condition alongside addiction is a common occurrence for many reasons. Co-occurring disorders can be difficult to recognize for many people. It’s important that people understand what these conditions are and how they might affect the overall treatment process.
Co-occurring disorders describe the co-existence of a mental health condition and substance abuse or addiction in the same individual. Whether the mental illness or the addiction came first, the two conditions together can significantly impact the course of recommended treatment. It is important to be aware of some of the most common mental health conditions that can exist alongside addiction. In this manner, you’ll be able to identify a problem and seek appropriate help.
What are Common Co-occurring Disorders?
Co-occurring disorders can take many forms. The following include some of the most common conditions affecting those who are also experiencing addiction.
Bipolar disorder is a mental health condition marked by alternating periods of extreme elation and devastating depression. The individual experiencing this condition will seem to switch between patterns of happiness and sadness. These severe mood swings affect all other aspects of the person’s life, including their energy level, thought patterns, and behaviors. Proper bipolar disorder treatment is an essential element in the recovery process.
Major depressive disorder refers to an ongoing severe depression. Depression of this type is much more than a temporary sadness caused by a traumatic event or loss. Major depression continues even in the absence of a sad event or trauma. The condition can also manifest in terms of sleep disturbances, appetite changes, and accompanying

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.989653
Retrieved Text: Injuries to the spinal cord do not usually cut through the cord. However, they do cause damage to the thin, fibrous nerve fibres within the spinal column.
Spinal cord injury due to traumatic accidents may be caused by the stretching of or pinching of the cord where vertebrae have been displaced, or by direct damage to the cord by fragments of fractured bone. Non-traumatic spinal cord injury can be caused by pressure on the spinal cord from disease (cysts or tumours), or any interruption of local blood supply.
The most obvious effect of spinal cord injury is the reduced ability to move and feel things below the level of injury. There are a range of additional complications that occur as a result of spinal cord injury, for example spinal cord injury affects function in internal organs as well as the limbs.
All spinal cord injuries are different and what happens with one person does not necessarily happen with another. The nerves in the spinal cord are very delicate and when they are injured they are sometimes not very good at repairing themselves. Recovery depends on how seriously the spinal cord has been damaged.
Unfortunately total recovery from spinal cord injury is very rare. Complete spinal cord injuries are more severe and the more time that passes after the injury the less chance there is of significant recovery. People with incomplete injuries generally recover more than those with complete injuries but it is difficult to know exactly how much recovery there will be or how long it will take to happen.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.97999
Retrieved Text: Grass tetany can affect all classes of cattle, but older cows with calves at foot during winter and spring are most at risk. Very thin and overly fat animals are also more susceptible, as are Angus cattle and their crosses.
Cattle hold magnesium in the bones and muscles but cannot readily access and utilise these stores when needed. The animal constantly loses magnesium in urine, faeces and milk, so it needs magnesium in its feed to meet daily requirements.
A cow in peak lactation (6–8 weeks following calving) needs a constant source of magnesium to replace the large amount lost from the body in milk. Even when feed levels of magnesium are low, the loss of magnesium in the milk remains the same.
Low magnesium in the blood of an animal can be caused by low magnesium levels in feed and/or reduced magnesium absorption.
low intake of phosphorus and salt.
Animals suffering from grass tetany are often found dead. There may be marks on the ground beside the animal indicating they were leg paddling before death (lying on their side with stiff outstretched legs that thrash backwards and forwards).
Early signs include some excitability with muscle twitching, an exaggerated awareness and a stiff gait. Animals may appear aggressive and may progress through galloping, bellowing and then staggering.
In less severe cases, the only signs may be a change in the character of the animal and difficulty in handling.
Blood magnesium levels must be restored. Veterinary administration of an intravenous calcium and magnesium solution produces best results. However, in acute cases where time is critical,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.967985
Retrieved Text: The dry eye is the main reason for ophthalmological consultation. It is a condition that implies that the eyes do not maintain adequate tear film or necessary for the proper functioning of the eye. The function of this film is to keep the eye hydrated which contributes to a good vision and to that the strange particles that enter the eye can be eliminated.
According to certain studies, the syndrome of the dry eye or SOS, as it is called to this disease, affects 15 to 30% of the population. In general, it affects more women than men, it is more frequent in elderly people and people of Asian origin. Ocular dryness occurs for different reasons. In this article we tell you more details about Dry Eyes due to anxiety: causes and treatment.
The deepest is thin and consists of mucin.
The intermediate is the thickest and consists mainly of water and salt.
The surface layer, also thin, is composed of lipids, whose function is to avoid the evaporation of the intermediate layer.
Alterations in any of these layers can affect vision. When the water and salt layer is reduced, SOS is produced. This may result from excessive evaporation due to deficiencies in the surface layer or, perhaps, from an insufficient tear secretion. The eyes are very sensitive to both external and internal factors of the individual. Usually, this condition is easily treated and usually does not go over.
Itching, burning and / or redness in the eye.
Sensation of sand in the eye.
Blurred vision and even headache.
Excessive tearing, as a mechanism to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.959927
Retrieved Text: Want to Know More About Acute Bronchitis Causes?
Aspirin shouldn’t be given to children under 16 decades old, unless on the recommendation of a health care provider. The indicators of a chilly appear two to three times following the infection, and continue for a day or 2. Thus, cough is among the most frequent symptoms experienced by individuals of all age groups.
In nearly all cases, your own body will recover from severe bronchitis alone in some of days per week with a great deal of rest, a great deal of fluids (water and fruit juices) and a gain in environmental humidity. So as to apply certain home cures, it is possible to advise that you to test out atmosphere humidifiers, water vapor deep breathing, utilizing lots of fluids, along with others. One of the chief reasons for bronchitis of any sort is smoking.
Rather, it is due to long-term inflammation, which is generally due to irritants like smoking. Because of this, they are unable to expand correctly during inhalation. Bronchitis is a kind of respiratory disease where the mucous membrane in the lungs’ bronchial passage gets inflamed and irritated.
Labored breathing and coughing are several other symptoms which are typically observed. When it’s clear, it may demonstrate that the mucus is due to an allergy. In the event of chronic bronchitis, cough may persist for a month or two.
Signs of bronchial pneumonia change consistent with the reason for pneumonia. If you’ve got severe bronchitis, a positive sputum culture indicates an infection is the main reason for your symptoms. When

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.865177
Retrieved Text: Perhaps one of the famous landmarks in London medical history is the handless pump that exists in Broadwick Street in Soho, London. In 1854, Dr John Snow discovered the connection between the sewage-contaminated water coming from the pump and the outbreak of cholera, which killed over 500 people. This discovery also elucidated the fact that cholera could also be water-borne disease rather than the prevailing theory, at the given time, that cholera was spread by miasma, a pollution of the atmosphere. This often led people to protect themselves by inhaling sweet scented things.
Oh John Snow, we owe you one.
Now we have the understanding that Cholera is caused by bacteria called Vibrio cholera and is rare in the industrialized developed countries, mainly due to improved hygiene, controlled water system and better living conditions. However, it has increased simultaneously since 2005 and is occurring in developing countries like Africa, Southeast Asia and Haiti1. It is an infection of intestine, which can be life-threatening in some cases but can be easily prevented and treated. Infection is often mild or no symptoms are seen but in some cases it can be severe. Around the world it’s been estimated that 3-5 million cases and over 100,000 deaths occur each year2. Reported cases of cholera have shown that the percentage of cholera death is higher in Africa than anywhere else. 1 in 10 infected people will have severe disease3 with symptoms of diarrhoea, vomiting and leg cramps, with such severe cases leads to dehydration and if untreated can lead to death.
People who

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.805243
Retrieved Text: Osteoarthritis is one of the more than 120 forms of arthritis which can occur in patients. Osteoarthritis, also known as OA, osteoarthrosis, or degenerative joint disease (DJD), is the type of arthritis that almost everyone develops in their lifetime. It is a form of arthritis that develops gradually, usually occurring sometime after the age of 45. OA is usually chronic in nature but fortunately occurs most frequently as a relatively mild condition. Some patients, however develop more severe symptoms requiring treatment and even joint replacement.
You have been given this website either because you or some member of your family has been diagnosed with osteonecrosis (ON). ON is not particularly common, afflicting approximately 20,000 new patients per year in the U.S. However, patients are relatively young, with an average age of 38 (although any age can be affected). Since the diagnosis does not affect longevity there are several hundred thousand patients in the U.S. alone who are living with the disease.

================



======= Instance Index 28 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A man and woman mate
- Embryo is C
- Embryo grows and develops into a fetus inside the woman&#x27;s womb
- The fetus is born
- Begins to grow and develop through infancy and childhood
- In the teenage years the human experiences puberty
- Reaches sexual maturity
- At 18 the human becomes an adult
- Adult may procreate continuing the cycle.

Question:
suppose less wombs available happens, how will it affect LESS babies.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 30.261185
Retrieved Text: Why Are Some Babies Born Bigger Than Others?
Your baby's weight is a vital statistic for many reasons.
One of the first question new parents ask is how much their baby weighs. A perfectly normal full-term newborn can weigh from 5 pounds, 8 ounces, to 8 pounds, 13 ounces, the KidsHealth from Nemours website explains. Babies who weigh less or more than normal can develop a higher incidence of health problems at birth and possibly later in life.
Because babies gain about half a pound a week in the last month of pregnancy, according to MayoClinic.com, it stands to reason that the longer a baby stays in the womb, the heavier he'll be. This is true until the placenta starts to age, normally around two weeks after your due date. When this happens, your baby might actually start to lose weight. Many post-mature babies have loose, wrinkled, peeling skin and an emaciated look, because they've lost subcutaneous fat as the placenta became less effective at delivering nutrients to them.
A number of genetic and congenital issues can affect your baby's weight. A baby who has large, heavier parents has a higher chance of being larger and heavier at birth. Firstborns often weigh less than their siblings. A baby with a genetic disorder such as Down syndrome or a congenital heart condition might also weigh less at birth. Congenital infections such as rubella, syphilis or cytomegalovirus can also cause intrauterine growth restriction and smaller-than-normal babies.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.094028
Retrieved Text: Sometime in the next few days I plan to visit Anand, the epicenter of India’s ‘White Revolution’ in the 1970s,80s and beyond. The town, which is less than an hour’s drive from Ahmedabad at twice the prescribed speed limits on the expressway, pioneered milk cooperatives and played a leading role in turning India into a top milk producing nation.
However, my visit has nothing to do with milk.In recent years, Anand has become the world capital of surrogate mothers. Young women in Anand and surrounding areas rent out their wombs to infertile couples from around the world for a fee. Think of their wombs as high-end boutique hotels where life-building materials from the infertile couples lodge in great comfort to eventually produce babies. Babies are checked out after a nine-month paid incubation. Infertile couples get their babies and womb boutique hotel operators their money.
I make surrogacy sound like a matter of guilt-free business transaction which is also totally devoid of any moral complexities. Not having visited the town and not having spoken to those involved in surrogacy, it is probably premature to make a final pronouncement. However, I am not getting the moral complexity part of the rising debate over surrogacy. Why is there no moral debate over a techie renting out his or her coding skills? Or for that matter any professionals leveraging whatever skills, natural or acquired, they possess. If a woman wants to make her uterus work for her financially, what is so morally complex about it?
I shall dwell on a range of issues

########
Rank: 2
Score: 28.982515
Retrieved Text: After four years, multiple IVF cycles, four devastating miscarriages, and countless setbacks ? Aela?s road to motherhood has been anything but easy. Follow her story on Babble and don?t miss the latest chapter in her journey below.
When I read that Oprah Winfrey recently named a baby she lost when she was 14 years old, I cried. But my tears weren?t those of sadness. I cried because I was overcome by the beauty and strength it takes to not only publicly admit you lost a child, but to name an unborn child. After I wiped away my tears, I started thinking of all the ways women like me honor our ?should-have-been? babies ? the babies that left our wombs too soon but remain within us always.
For those of us who have experienced miscarriage or stillbirth, we know how awful the phrases, “Everything happens for a reason” and “It’ll happen when the time is right” are. We know others say it as a way to comfort, but it’s no comfort to think that the baby you carried wasn’t “meant to be.” Perhaps these little souls were only meant to be with us for a short time, but they most certainly are meant to be. And we should all honor them as such. Here’s how I honor my should-have-been babies, five in total. I think you’ll find some comfort and peace if you join me in honoring yours, however is good for you.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.214272
Retrieved Text: We won't get much a gun control lecture with the Virginia shooting because TP and the MSM will just want to forget about it -- can't be because the guy was gay or black, it MUST be the gun. However this isn't the kind of story they like people to think of much, so it is going to generally be gone quickly.
Bill Whittle is a very smart guy -- even got to see him speak in Rochester once. Soft spoken but extremely clear and concise. Worth your time to watch it.
The US is #1 in gun ownership (by A LOT), but #111 in murder rate per 100K. Take out the big Democrat mostly gun controlled cities -- Detroit, DC, NYC, Chicago, Memphis, St Louis, Baltimore, etc, and we would be more like 200th.
What he avoids -- because he is a reasonable guy and he might run for office, is that murder is cultural. The highest murder rates are all non-western, Latin, Muslim, etc --- and if you look at our highest murder rate cities, "ditto". White Americans can't comment on culture -- ours has been defined as evil and racist, but culture does matter, and some work better than others.
Increased violence is just one more aspect of the destruction of American Christian culture -- it isn't racial. If we continue to destroy our culture, our murder rate will go up ... even if the guns are taken, our murder rate will climb ... maybe to something like the Cayman Islands under British rule at 63.
Killing is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.071848
Retrieved Text: Artificial Wombs, Coming Soon To A Hospital Near You?
When Neo was told what the Matrix was, he was shown how evil robots incubated human embryos in what looked like big transparent orange eggs, picked like ripe fruit by mechanical behemoths when they were ready to be hooked up to their sinister virtual reality pods. That’s right, there was no spoiler warning because come on, that movie came out 18 years ago and by this point if you haven’t seen it, you only have yourself to blame. At any rate, the writers obviously thought this would look scary and advanced way beyond anything humanity has accomplished in terms of artificial wombs in which embryos could be brought to term. Yet here we are, potentially just a few steps away from something an awful lot like that being ready to save a premature baby in a hospital near you.
Researchers In Philadelphia successfully built a pouch filled with amniotic fluid in which lambs were able to grow and develop normally. The system uses a pump to circulate the fluid and an oxygenator to keep the embryo’s organs and tissues healthy and in a low stress environment as they grow. It provides a proof of concept for treating premature babies who still face an uphill battle to survive, and much higher risks of all sorts of future health and developmental problems when they pull through. Officially, the target for completing animal tests is two years from now. Three to five years later this system could be deployed at hospitals. Premature

########
Rank: 5
Score: 27.128544
Retrieved Text: What is hypocalcemia in the newborn?
Hypocalcemia is when a person doesn't have enough calcium in the blood. In babies, it’s called neonatal hypocalcemia. Your baby can get it at different times and from different causes.
Early hypocalcemia happens in the first 2 to 3 days of a baby's life. It is more likely to go away.
Late hypocalcemia starts in the first week or weeks after birth and is less likely to go away.
What causes hypocalcemia in the newborn?
Early hypocalcemia can have a variety of causes and usually goes away.
Late hypocalcemia is rare and has a number of known causes. Late hypocalcemia may be caused by drinking cow's milk or formula that has too much phosphate. This is no longer a common cause. Hypocalcemia can also be caused by a problem with parathyroid hormone. This hormone is made by the parathyroid glands in the neck. It helps keep the amount of calcium and phosphorus at a normal level in the blood. Low parathyroid hormone levels can cause too little calcium in the blood. A number of conditions, such as DiGeorge syndrome (22q11.2 deletion syndrome), may cause low parathyroid hormone levels. This is because calcium and phosphorus levels in the body are interrelated. Low magnesium levels may also cause low calcium levels. This is because calcium levels are related to levels of magnesium.
Which newborns are at risk for hypocalcemia?
Hypocalcemia is more common in babies who are premature or who have a low birth weight. This is because their parathyroid glands are less mature. Babies whose growth has been slower

########
Rank: 6
Score: 26.8346
Retrieved Text: Successful career women are almost always — perhaps even literally always — asked in interviews how they deal with the infamous "the work/life balance." Women who haven't married or had children are quizzed on why they haven't — can their withering wombs be chalked up to a heavy workload? — and women who do achieve the mythical "balance" are forced to describe, over and over again, how they've possibly managed such a feat. Men, on the other hand, are rarely asked how they balance family time with work. Perhaps that's why a recent study found that female CFOs are paid about 16% less than their male counterparts — male higher-ups assume that ladies won't want the extra hours once they start popping out babies.
I don't strive for a concept of balance — I never have. It almost seems like a silly idea to me — that life should play out in some sort of contrived separation between "work" and "relaxation" or "family time." As a CEO and mom, I'm always working and always "mom." They exist in an almost blended fashion. I lean in both directions depending on which needs me more in that moment.
The entire interview is worth a read — Steinberg advises young women to learn how to code so they can be "as self-sufficient as possible" and says she considers her gender "secondary" in terms of what she's accomplished in her career — but we're particularly pleased she tackled the impossible and unnecessarily stressful concept of balance that women are too often expected

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.921124
Retrieved Text: A woman with two wombs has given birth to three children in what is believed to the first case of its kind, a hospital official said Friday. Hannah Kersey, 23, gave birth to three girls in September, said Richard Dottle, a spokesman for Southmead Hospital in Bristol where the triplets were born. The children spent nine weeks in the hospital but the reason was not disclosed. The girls, two identical twins delivered from one womb and a single baby from the other, were born seven weeks early by Caesarean, the British Broadcasting Corp. reported. "There haven't been any similar accounts where three healthy babies are born of two wombs," said Yakoub Khalaf, a consulting gynecologist at Guy's and St. Thomas's Hospital. He said that multiple pregnancies tended to be risky, and that delivering triplets under such abnormal circumstances was even riskier. Separate or partially joined wombs are uncommon, although not rare. About one woman in 1,000 has them, according to Khalaf.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.779493
Retrieved Text: A Bangladeshi woman with two wombs gave birth to twins less than a month after welcoming her first child into the world.
Afri Sultana delivered a baby boy in late February and was released from the Khulna Medical College Hospital alongside her newborn son without issue, BBC News reported. Just 26 days later though, the new mother started experiencing intense pains in her abdomen and was rushed back to the hospital, this time, the Ad-din Hospital in the Jessore District.
Doctors at the medical facility performed an ultrasound upon her arrival and learned the new mother was pregnant with twins, said Dr. Sheila Poddar, the gynecologist who performed Sultana’s Caesarean section for her second delivery.
“She had no idea that she had two other babies. We carried out a Caesarean and she delivered twins. One male and female,” she told BBC.
Because Sultana did not get an ultrasound before her first delivery, doctors were unaware she was pregnant with twins – separately conceived and then separately grown in her second, separate womb.
Uterus didelphys, or having two wombs, is a “rare congenital abnormality” that can cause complications in women including infertility, miscarriage, premature birth and kidney abnormalities, according to the Mayo Clinic.
The condition can sometimes come without symptoms and is typically detected during routine gynecologist checkups. Some doctors recommend surgery, though if the patient is not experiencing pain than treatment is typically not needed.
Overall, it has an incidence rate of one in a million and to not discover it ahead of birth is especially rare.
Poddar said the fact Sultana and her

########
Rank: 9
Score: 25.597956
Retrieved Text: Proverbs 24:11 is often quoted in a pro-life context, but practically, how can it be lived out at the eleventh hour? How do we rescue and hold back pre-born children who are nestled in the wombs of their mothers who are walking into abortion clinics?
Does it work? Already Lauren’s ministry has saved over 1,000 babies and seen more than 25 abortion workers leave their deadly jobs. The compassionate, well thought out strategy that she and her team employs comes not only from rigorous study, but from hands-on experience: Lauren herself has been a sidewalk counselor for 15 years.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 25.469252
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Trying To Conceive' started by AnyMonthNow, Feb 17, 2007.
I know this is long but this prayer has been known to make miracles happen. I found it on a site and thought I should share it with all of you here who are ttc.
Don't just read it. Believe it! God knows exactly what our hearts desire, but if he gives everyone what they want without them asking, then no one would need to seek God.
We praise you, love you and adore you!
Today we come before you in childlike faith and a strong bond of sisterhood and unity and offer up this heart felt prayer for children, fruit of the womb, according to your covenant with us, your daughters!
Father we give you our deepest desires and longings for conceiving our promised children!
We believe through the stripes of Jesus our bodies are healed and come in line with your word of fruitfulness, and that you make us all to be joyful mothers of children.
Therefore we thank you that our wombs are blessed! Thank you for miracle healings, conceptions and pregnancies which will build your mighty army of miracle babies to bring glory to you in this generation.
They will shine like lights in the darkness of this world showing your faithfulness to your word and awesome power!
Let us stand on your word and proclaim your promise in the word HERE I AM AND THE CHILDREN THE LORD HAS GIVEN ME AS A SIGN AND WONDER TO THIS GENERATION!
We stand on your word Lord and declare in unity that

########
Rank: 11
Score: 25.313864
Retrieved Text: A question: how many innocent human beings – human beings with an eternal soul – were executed in their mothers’ wombs as these trucks rumbled down the highway with their precious cargo? Do we see the insanity of what we are doing? We have devolved into a state of denial characterized by the stupidity of calling good evil and evil good. We are killing babies and calling it good and watching those who are trying to stop the killing of babies and calling them bad. We have gone past insanity and entered the theater of barbarism. We consider the environment sacred but human life expendable. We have not only accepted the sick rantings of radical feminism but we have embraced them and now promote them – even among members of the leadership of the Catholic Church.
The Roman barbarians would leave unwanted babies on the hillside to die.
Guess who would secretly save those babies and raise them – the Christians.
The murderous legacy of legalized abortion is a staggering number of dead children of Almighty God – over 50 MILLION. And we wonder why God has allowed us to fall into the hands of corrupt, evil leaders?
A billboard at one of our local businesses said it very succinctly – “The best thing to do is to pray and try again.” But we will not pray if we do not believe. And we will not believe if we are not humble. If we do not humble ourselves, God will humble us in His way and His ways are not

########
Rank: 12
Score: 25.213394
Retrieved Text: A book to help parents teach babies and young children sign language for swine flu symptoms has been launched by a Scottish childcare expert.
It includes the baby sign language for "hot", "cold", "pain" and "more water".
Author Yvonne K Lavelle said she hoped it would help babies and toddlers better communicate that they were feeling unwell.
It has been written in response to the ongoing global pandemic and will be available in the UK, USA and Canada.
Ms Lavelle, from Glasgow, who also runs a nanny agency, first became interested in baby sign language eight years ago.
She started running classes to help other parents learn how to communicate better with their children, and has since written a baby signing workbook.
She said: "I first discovered baby signing when I was looking for a sign for outside my nanny agency office and did an internet search for 'childlike signs'.
"I realised it had been used in America for over 20 years and I decided I had to learn this.
"When I started helping other parents to sign with their children I saw babies signing back within a few sessions. It was like a revelation."
Some nurseries encourage youngsters to use sign language to communicate simple things like being hungry or thirsty or needing to be changed.
Previous research has suggested that babies who used sign language were less frustrated.
The Swine Flu Baby Signs e-booklet contains about 30 signs including "ill" and "a hug".
Swine flu is caused by a strain of the influenza type A virus known as H1N1.
In the UK the infection has been found

########
Rank: 13
Score: 25.206114
Retrieved Text: While a vast amount of research has been done concerning the sleep of single babies, much less has focussed on multiples. Here we summarise the research which has been done.
Whilst Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) is extremely rare, the rate is two- to four-times higher in twins, compared to singleton babies. This is likely to be because many more twins are born premature and/or at a low birth weight; factors which are associated with increased SIDS risk in all babies.
It is important that parents are aware of how the sleep environment of twins can affect SIDS risk, as well as its effect on babies' sleep, and ease of night-time care.
TAMBA, a charity focused on twins and multiple births, provide information for sleeping twins and multiples.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 25.158213
Retrieved Text: How does applying a rebalance update affect my returns?
Applying a rebalance update doesn't affect your total returns. Your total returns before and after rebalance remains the same. Let’s understand it with a very simple example.
Suppose you invested Rs 100 in Stock A. After 3 months the value of your investment increased to Rs 120. This is how your P&L summary will look.
Now you decide to sell Stock A and Buy Stock B. You will get Rs 120 when you sell Stock A. At this point Rs 20 moves from your current returns to realized returns. But the the total return which is the summation of realized and current returns, remains the same. This is how your performance summary will look like once you complete the transaction.
The same would happen when you rebalance your smallcase. You sell few stocks and buy few stocks, but your total returns more or less remains the same.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.98576
Retrieved Text: A Generic Photo of a baby sleeping. See PA Feature FAMILY Expert Baby Sleep. Picture credit should read: PA Photo/thinkstockphotos. WARNING: This picture must only be used to accompany PA Feature FAMILY Expert Baby Sleep.
A GP and new father gives advice on how parents can encourage new babies to sleep better.
I've just had a baby - what are the best ways to encourage her to sleep well?
Dr Tom York, a GP for both the NHS and the GP-on-demand-app GPDQ, says: "Thankfully, human babies are supposed to sleep for at least 15 hours per day. Unfortunately, this rarely happens at a convenient time, so new parents must adapt quickly into a cycle of multiple daily naps.
"Newborn babies are used to being in the womb, so replicating this environment once they're born can help soothe them. Wombs are warm, dark and compact, with only low-pitched noises getting through. Babies are also used to motion, and many pregnant ladies find their babies are far more active when they're stationary.
"So, a warm, dark, space with no high-pitched noises and your baby swaddled is an environment they're used to, and will tend to make them feel safe and fall asleep more easily.
"The most important thing is that once asleep, your baby sleeps on her back somewhere safe. But many parents get stuck in a rut where their child will only fall asleep while being held. Try and break the new routine and risk a few tough nights.
"Habits can take a few weeks to form, so it pays to persevere and endure

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.981321
Retrieved Text: The amount of close and comforting contact that young infants get doesn’t just keep them warm, snug, and loved. A new study says it can actually affect babies at the molecular level, and the effects can last for years. Based on the study, babies who get less physical contact and are more distressed at a young age, end up with changes in molecular processes that affect gene expression.
[P]arents of 94 babies were asked to keep diaries of their touching and cuddling habits from five weeks after birth, as well as logging the behaviour of the infants – sleeping, crying, and so on.
Four-and-a-half years later, DNA swabs were taken of the kids to analyse a biochemical modification called DNA methylation.
The researchers found DNA methylation differences between “high-contact” children and “low-contact” children at five specific DNA sites, two of which were within genes: one related to the immune system, and one to the metabolic system.
Of course it’s well accepted that human touch is good for us and our development in all kinds of ways, but this is the first study to look at how it might be changing the epigenetics of human babies.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.797083
Retrieved Text: Elimination Communication, also known as EC, Infant Potty Training, or “going diaper-free,” is somewhat new to the Western world but commonplace in undeveloped countries…and over the course of human history.
What did we do before diapers? If you’ve ever considered this question, it might get you Googling to find out some ways to depend on diapers less. And there you would find EC. The good news is that, if you are tired of being dependent upon diapers, are experiencing diaper rash or diapering struggles, are feeling guilty about the number of disposable diapers you send to the landfill, or just want to have your baby potty trained earlier, you’ve got options.
Elimination Communication is most appropriate for babies age 0-18 months and can start immediately upon birth, as babies are born signaling their pottying needs. It can be done part-time, as most parents do, with or without a diaper as a “back-up.” EC can be adapted to any lifestyle, and any amount of it (if done with awareness) will strengthen communication between parents and baby and pave the road to easier potty independence.
The biggest tip to get you started is to do some sort of observation of your baby so you can determine how often she goes pee and poo (natural timing), and what happens right before she goes (this is called a signal). Another tip is to offer the potty at first upon waking and also at every diaper change (known as common or generic timing). By offering at these two times that most babies need to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.564539
Retrieved Text: April 22, 2013 James D. Bowen, M.D.
There are many studies that show that the risks for getting multiple sclerosis (MS) vary according to the month a person is born. However, the differences between the months of birth are slight.
For example, a 2005 study of people with MS living in northern latitudes found that more people (9.1%) had a birthday in May and significantly less (8.5%) were born in November. The opposite pattern is seen in the southern hemisphere. Thus, worldwide there is a slight increase in MS risk in those born in the spring and a decrease in those born in the winter.
Exposure to viruses - More people experience viruses in spring and fall. This may affect the not only the viruses a baby is exposed to during pregnancy, but also after birth.
A recent article in JAMA Neurology describes a new study of how birth month may affect risk. Researchers measured of immune function in umbilical cord blood obtained from 50 babies born in November and 50 in May. All were from London. They found a higher level of immune cells (T lymphocytes) in the cord blood from babies born in November compared to those born in May. They also found higher levels of vitamin D in babies born in November compared to those born in May.
These findings are interesting because they confirm that there are changes in nutrition, vitamin exposure and immune changes related to birth month. It is not clear how these changes might alter the risk of MS because all of these babies

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.558832
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 24.532564
Retrieved Text: Let's agree on one thing first: Astrology（星座）is gibberish（n.胡扯；胡言乱语） — gibberish with a nice line of charm bracelets, maybe, but gibberish all the same. Its fundamental premise（前提）— that the combined gravity of all of the planets at the moment you're born determines your personality — is all by itself its undoing.
As Newton knew, the gravity of any massive object is inversely proportional to（与…成反比）the square of its distance. Even for a giant planet like Neptune, which is 2.7 billion miles (4.4 billion km) away, the amount of gravitational pull it exerted on you at birth was...let's see...times 2.7...divided by 1.1...carry the 2...got it! Zip. So whether you're a Saggiquarius or Tauricorn or whatever they're called, forget it.
Butjust because the day of your birth makes no difference doesn't mean the same thing is true for your season of birth.Here, scientists are building up a small but increasingly persuasive body of evidence that there may indeed be some cause and effect at work.
There are countless things that affect a baby's development in the womb. Maternal nutrition certainly plays a role, with babies born during famines tending to be frailer than babies born in boom times. Even in the developed world, where food is plentiful,maternal diets that are poor in protein or vitamin C or vitamin D can affect brain or heart or bone development. Seasonal viruses — particularly the flu — can affect maternal health and fetal development too. Gestation during wintertime, with its short days and long nights, can cause seasonal affective disorder (SAD) in mothers, with low serotonin

########
Rank: 21
Score: 24.499043
Retrieved Text: PHILADELPHIA, Penn., July 1 /Christian Newswire/ -- Seventy-five pro-life teachers, parents/taxpayers and children/students successfully picketed the NEA convention in Philadelphia on Sunday, July 1. Aged eight to eighty, they took positions on all four corners of Arch & 11th Streets, displaying high-visibility signs and posters easily seen by thousands of NEA Delegates disembarking from shuttle buses or entering and leaving the Convention Center's doorways.
Pro-lifers and delegates were interviewed by reporters and photojournalists from FOX, Philadelphia Bulletin, Washington Times, Catholic Standard & Times, etc.
Many delegates openly expressed disbelief, skepticism, and even shock, at the revelation that NEA was involved in abortion at all – much less in an advocacy role – much less pro-abortion. They were totally unaware of NEA's long-standing "Family Planning Resolution" supporting "reproductive freedom" and "all methods of family planning" – including abortion. Some refused to accept the well-documented fact that NEA is one of Planned Parenthood's primary advocates and actually co-sponsored huge pro-abortion rallies in Washington in April 2004, April 1992, and November 1989.
A few belligerent delegates verbally berated the pro-lifers, accusing them of "lying". Others thanked pro-lifers for bringing NEA's abortion activism into sharp focus. Some said they would raise the issue on the Convention Floor and attempt to have NEA totally abandon its pro-abortion agenda and activism.
Bob Pawson, National Coordinator of PLEAS and NJEA member, said, "We joined NEA for collective bargaining representation; not to be misrepresented on socio-political or moral issues like abortion, homosexuality, or who to vote for. Respect the diversity of 3.2 million members. Totally disengage NEA from

########
Rank: 22
Score: 24.429316
Retrieved Text: Pregnancy spacing is an essential part of family planning. Understand the importance of pregnancy spacing and what factors to consider before you conceive again.
Considering having another child? Pregnancy spacing can affect more than how close your children are in age. Here's what you need to know.
Knowing whether you do or don't want to have children in the next few years can help you and your partner prepare for conception or choose appropriate contraception.
If you're already parents, family planning takes on new meaning. Having another child will change your family's lives. Are you and your partner ready to take care of a newborn again? How will your other child or children react to sharing your attention with a new baby?
The timing of your pregnancies is important, too. While you and your partner might have preferences about how close in age you'd like your children to be, some research shows that how you space your pregnancies can affect mother and baby.
What are the risks of spacing pregnancies too close together?
In addition, recent research suggests that a pregnancy within less than two years of a live birth might be associated with an increased risk of autism in second-born children. The risk is highest for pregnancies spaced less than 12 months apart.
Closely spaced pregnancies might not give a mother enough time to recover from pregnancy before moving on to the next. For example, pregnancy and breast-feeding can deplete your stores of nutrients, particularly folate and iron. If you become pregnant before replacing those stores, it could affect your health or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 24.422256
Retrieved Text: that an infant may have.
> perception can occur in the womb.
what they may have heard when within the womb.
recite the shastras to their babies within the wombs.
this subject on the TV channel "National Geographic"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 24.38925
Retrieved Text: Forget Iran and all of those nuclear talks: it’s the end of the world as we know it. Here’s the f***ing proof with New Spa-Like Abortion Clinic Is Part Of A Trend To De-Stigmatize The Procedure. Newsflash: babies removed from the wombs they grow in isn’t a procedure, a******s!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 24.333467
Retrieved Text: Dumpsters are for garbage, not for babies — and the California cities of Hemet, Fontana and Yucaipa added this decal to remind their citizenry that unwanted babies belong in the arms of firefighters and nurses and not inside the steel walls of a garbage can.
Under the Safe Surrender Law, mothers have 72 hours after birth to hand over an unwanted baby. Mothers must hand-deliver the infants to a firefighter or medical personnel. If they change their mind, they may reclaim their children through child protective services within 14 days. Leaving a baby unattended or surrendering one after 72 hours can be considered criminal child abandonment.
Are these mothers that dump their babies distraught? Or are they just criminal?
If a mother chooses to dump her baby in a trash bin — will a decal prove to change her mind?
Is this a proper civic use of a firefighter’s time as they place decals on 500 dumpsters — or are the decals just semiotic busy work flailing to cover the real problem of the failure of birth control in a free will society?
I would think the stickers would be put out by volunteers for the betterment of society but of course that’s not the scope of the question, I suppose. I can’t imagine the decals will prevent people from dumping babies but they might get people to think about people they know that could very well be baby dumping prone and somehow guide them to give the baby up in a less dumping manner.
I suppose the decals might do some

########
Rank: 26
Score: 24.245043
Retrieved Text: What: BABY SHOWER FOR GOOD COUNSEL HOMES.
Parishioners donate items needed for the care of babies such as formula, diapers, wipes, shampoo, etc.
Who it benefits: Mothers and babies in need.
When it happens: once annually in late October.
Time commitment: less than one hour.
For more information about Good Counsel Homes please go to their website: www.goodcounselhomes.org.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 24.054647
Retrieved Text: Minutes after welcoming your baby to the world, you can begin to breastfeed them. The first food your baby eats is the colostrum from your breast. That sticky yellow fluid is everything that your baby needs to start their life. Colostrum has the right amounts of nutrients for your newborn. Your breast milk begins to form around 16 weeks into pregnancy. So, what are the main benefits of colostrum to babies?
The moment newborns escape from their mothers’ wombs and come to the world, their immune system is usually undeveloped, and they are prone to illness. They will need a defence system and the only one provided by nature is the mothers’ colostrum. The colostrum lightens with time and becomes breastmilk.
Colostrum includes white blood cells, antibodies, probiotics, and prebiotics which collectively guard the baby against sickness. That’s why colostrum is described as the baby’s first vaccine. The baby’s gut is also weak and can be damaged by other foods. The colostrum helps to provide a barrier in the baby’s gut to keep him/her safe from harmful substances.
Energy is an essential factor for the baby’s growth. Colostrum and breast milk play provides that energy to the baby before he/she can finally eat human food. As natural as it is, your newborn also needs the growth hormone.
The first milk your baby consumes contains proteins, lipids, and carbohydrates which equip your baby with the required energy and assists them with metabolism. While breastfeeding and nursing, the mother is able to regain and recover the energy she lost while giving birth.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 24.013035
Retrieved Text: Marriage is nothing but, just another phase of life. You choose a partner and decide to spend the rest of your life with him. But, then comes the so called traditions and culture, like a nosy neighbor aunty who wants to have a say in everything you do. So according to it, a married woman needs to wear certain symbols of marriage to show the world. These symbols are Mangalsutra, sindoor, bindi, toe rings and some cases nose ring. Can also extend to the clothes worn, gungat et al.
But why do you need these symbols?
It was so believed that Gandharvas (Gods in the court of Indra) were always on the lookout for wombs to plant their seed in. Now now, don’t roll your eyes. But the women were meant to have babies, as it was the only way for the ancestors to be born again. Even if the point was that the lady was infertile, apparently the Gandharvas would atleast try. Wombs are not to be wasted right? Soo, once a girl was married, all these marriage symbols told the Gandharvas to stay away. The other lecherous men who lusted a woman none the less were conveniently ignored of course, as Gandharvas were whom you need to show these to.
The Gandharvas are no more, atleast they seem to have taken a rest. But the symbols still exist. Women are still expected to wear each one of them. After all, ‘Sindoor Suhagan ka sir ka taaj hota hain Ramesh Babu’, as the iconic dialogue from Om Shanti

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.92262
Retrieved Text: In 32 years (2050), we will be dealing with major food issues. By then, the global population will have grown from today’s 7.6 billion people to 10 billion people (not due to lots of new babies, due mainly to longer lifespans related to better health care and nutrition). thitima electricity sound effect We will need 60% more food than is available today. To do so, farmers will need to increase crop yield, use water more effectively, and feed animals more efficiently. The agricultural industry is working hard on that—and climate change complicates it all.
The timely topic of sustainable diets and animal agriculture was prominent at the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Food & Nutrition Convention & Expo (#FNCE). The message was clear: We are facing the urgent need to curb greenhouse gas emissions (GHGE) to reduce our carbon footprint and invest in our future well-being. electricity meme Here’s some of what I learned from speakers Frank Mitloehner PhD, professor and air quality specialist at the University of California-Davis, and Amy Myrdal Miller RD of Farmer’s Daughter Consulting. Perhaps this information will nudge you to think more about how your food and lifestyle choices impact the climate—and inspire you to make some changes.
• Waste less food. Up to 40% of the food we produce gets wasted. About 16% of that happens at the farm (e.g., sick animals not treated with antibiotics, unharvested crops due to labor shortages or “ugly” produce); 40% happens in food service and restaurants, and 43% in our homes. Who among us hasn’t tossed

================



======= Instance Index 29 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A person breathes in oxygen
- The oxygen passes through the bronchial tubes to the lungs
- The oxygen is moved into the bloodstream
- Circulates through the body
- The cells in the body exchange the oxygen with carbon dioxide
- The bloodstream carries the carbon dioxide back to the lungs
- The lungs expel the carbon dioxide through the nose and mouth.

Question:
suppose the air is already clear of carbon dioxide happens, how will it affect a SMALLER amount of oxygen being delivered to the blood stream.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 51.471558
Retrieved Text: In short, diffusion, involves molecules moving from higher concentration to lower concentration. This movement is known as the concentration gradient.
This happens with liquids and in gases. As gases are more difficult in an experiment to show children how diffusion works I will use this experiment which involves liquid, in this case water.
We will also experiment with temperatures in the experiment and talk about how temperature effects the rate of diffusion.
500ml of water to one large clear cup and 500ml of hot water to the other clear cup.
You will need a responsible adult present as you are dealing with hot water.
Now get your pipettes. Add 2ml of one colour to the centre of the top of your cold water.
The colder the water the better, so long as it is still in liquid state.
Now add 2ml of the second colour in the centre of the top of the hot water.
As I said, in this experiment we will look at how temperatures effect the rate of diffusion.
The diffusion of food colouring in hot and cold water showed us clearly how temperature effects the rate of diffusion, with the process being much faster in hot water than in cold water.
This is because heat provides energy and the energy from the heat makes the molecules up and makes the move faster so the diffusion process works quicker.
The cold can take a lot longer however it will eventually completely diffusion into the water, which is of lower concentration (as it has no food colouring in to start with) until the whole cup

########
Rank: 1
Score: 51.265915
Retrieved Text: Home » Tell Me Why Numerous Questions and Answers » How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
How Do Plants Give off Oxygen?
Plants give off oxygen during the process of photosynthesis. Using green chlorophyll (which gives them their color), the leaves of plants use the energy of sunlight to change carbon dioxide and water into food the plant needs to live. During this process, oxygen is released into the air.
This oxygen is breathed in by animals. Animals, in turn, breathe carbon dioxide back into the air, where it is again used by plants to produce food and oxygen. Because of green plants, the amount of oxygen in the air has always remained at about the same level.
As photosynthesis requires sunlight, this process only happens during the day. We often like to think of this as plants `breathing in carbon dioxide and `breathing out oxygen. Just like animals, plants need to break down carbohydrates into energy. Oxygen is required to do this.
Then why do the plants get rid of oxygen they produce during photosynthesis?
The answer is, they do not. Plants actually hold on to a small amount of the oxygen they produced in photosynthesis and use that oxygen to break down carbohydrates to give them energy.
But what happens at night when there is no sunlight which is needed in photosynthesis?
Interestingly, in order to maintain their metabolism and continue respiration at night, plants must absorb oxygen from the air and give off carbon dioxide (which is exactly what animals do). Plants produce approximately ten times more oxygen during the day

########
Rank: 2
Score: 48.470627
Retrieved Text: Dry ice gives off carbon dioxide gas, and so there was a thick layer of carbon dioxide in the bottom of the tub. Because carbon dioxide is heavier than air, and the bubble was made of air, the bubble actually floated above the carbon dioxide layer because it was lighter.
Why do carbon dioxide emissions weigh more than the original fuel? The amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) that is produced from burning a fuel weighs more than the amount of the fuel itself, because during complete combustion, each carbon atom in the fuel combines with two oxygen atoms in the air to make CO2.
I was thinking about home brew beer what happens in the air between the brewing beer and the air-lock. It starts out as a stand mux of air. My original thought was that the CO2 generated as a byproduct of fermentation would be heavier than the rest of the air and push that air out through the air lock.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 46.715794
Retrieved Text: Another popular project in primary schools is the one about how animals breathe in air, how their lungs then take the oxygen out of the air, how the oxygen is then used to power the animals' muscles, converting it into carbon dioxide in the process, and then how the unwanted carbon dioxide is released into their lungs to be breathed out into the air. (In short, animals turn oxygen into carbon dioxide.) The second half of the story is that plants take in carbon dioxide from the air through pores in their leaves, they use the energy from sunlight to split it into carbon and oxygen, they use the carbon to make new plant material, and then they release the unwanted oxygen back into the air. (in short, plants turn carbon dioxide into oxygen.) This is a good balance - plants make oxygen for animals to breathe, and animals make carbon dioxide for plants to breathe, and the whole thing is powered by the sun. Now, I don't think you need to spend a month of your life doing a project on this or to cover a wall in a giant picture of it. Let's just save ourselves a lot of time and move straight on so that we can learn more.
There is a third part of the story which is very rarely told in primary schools: animals and plants are both made of carbon, plus a lot of other things such as water (which is in turn made of oxygen and hydrogen), but it's mainly

########
Rank: 4
Score: 46.2287
Retrieved Text: The lungs are the center of the respiratory (breathing) system.
Every cell of the body needs oxygen to stay alive and healthy. Your body also needs to get rid of carbon dioxide. This gas is a waste product that is made by the cells during their normal, everyday functions. Your lungs are specially designed to exchange these gases every time you breathe in and out.
Let’s take a closer look at this complex system.
This spongy, pinkish organ looks like two upside-down cones in your chest. The right lung is made up of three lobes. The left lung has only two lobes to make room for your heart.
The lungs begin at the bottom of your trachea (windpipe). The trachea is a tube that carries the air in and out of your lungs. Each lung has a tube called a bronchus that connects to the trachea. The trachea and bronchi airways form an upside-down “Y” in your chest. This “Y” is often called the bronchial tree.
The bronchi branch off into smaller bronchi and even smaller tubes called bronchioles. Like the branches of a tree, these tiny tubes stretch out into every part of your lungs. Some of them are so tiny that they have the thickness of a hair. You have almost 30,000 bronchioles in each lung.
Each bronchiole tube ends with a cluster of small air sacs called alveoli (individually referred to as alveolus). They look like tiny grape bunches or very tiny balloons. There are about 600 million alveoli in your lungs. The small bubble shapes of the alveoli

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.085278
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.017784
Retrieved Text: What Are Light Dependent Reactions?
Plants act as a good complement to humanity, as the latter species breathes out carbon dioxide, which the plants then turn it into the oxygen humans need to live. Plants take in carbon dioxide, nutrients from the soil, water, and sunlight and create oxygen and a kind of simple sugar that they use for energy. This is a process necessary to life on Earth.
Photosynthesis acts as an important factor that sustains life on Earth. Plants take in carbon dioxide, sunlight, water, and nutrients from the Earth and turn it into sugar and oxygen, which many species need to breathe.
Humans and animals exhale carbon dioxide as a byproduct of respiration. Plants extract the carbon dioxide from the air and use it in photosynthesis process to feed themselves. The carbon dioxide enters the leaves of the plant through small pores called stomata. Once the carbon dioxide enters the plant, the process begins with the help of sunlight and water.
During this process, the plant combines carbon dioxide with water to allow the plant to extract what it needs for food. The plant uses sunlight as energy to perform this chemical reaction. Photosynthesis separates carbon dioxide and water — known as CO2 and H2O, respectively — into their individual molecules and combines them into new products. Once the process is done, the plant releases Oxygen, or O2, into the surrounding air. It also creates C6H12O6, a substance similar to glucose, that feeds the plant.
Because they often receive more carbon dioxide and water than they need to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 45.76711
Retrieved Text: Respiratory System Questions including "Why are there red bumps in the back of your throat"
The respiratory system includes the lungs and the airway. The questions in this category focus mainly on the anatomical and physiological processes associated with breathing.
Alveolar ducts alveolar sacs terminal bronchioles respiratory bronchioles bronchi bronchioles What is the order from largest to smallest?
What lung disease turns lungs to leather?
Pulmonary Fibrosis is the formation of fibrous tissue in the lung. It was described by the doctor as the lung turning to leather. It can also be described as scarring of the lung. We were told that there is no known cause.
What are the complications of manual ventilation?
If the manual ventilation is not performed correctly it leads tostomach inflation and thus leads to gastricregurgitation,aspiration, pneumonia.This stomach inflation mayincrease intra-gastric pressure, restrict lung movements, and soreduce the respiratory system compliance.
What are the tiny air sacs called in the bronchi branches?
Do amphibians breathe with gills or lungs?
What is the primary function of the respiratory system?
Gas exchange transportation Supplying the blood with oxygen (which can then be transferred to the cells ), and cleaning it from CO2 ( carbon dioxide ). Or simply: breathing.
What does a lung capacity of 39 percent mean?
What is the meaning of findings suggestive of PTB right lung and left upper lung?
PTB stands for Pulmonary Tuberculosis. It is located in your rightlung, the upper lobe. You were exposed to the bacteria, could havebeen by a cough or sneeze.
What kind of tissue are the lungs made of?
Trachea allows air to draw into the lungs?
yes you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.479687
Retrieved Text: ABSTRACT | Forests cover one third of the Earth’s land area. They store huge quantities of carbon, influence rainfall and alter the colour (and therefore reflectivity) of the land. In addition to taking carbon dioxide out of the air and producing oxygen, trees emit other gases into the air that can affect the climate in complex ways. This talk will explore the latest research on the ways that forests affect the climate. At the smaller scale, we’ll also hear results from the i-Tree Leeds project which is finding out how much trees in Leeds are doing to mitigate climate change and improve local air quality.
Light refreshments from 6.30pm, meeting starts at 7.00pm.
REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED | As part of the registration process you will be asked to provide personal information (name and contact email address). Any information you provide to us will only be used by The Royal Meteorological Society and appointed representatives.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.221428
Retrieved Text: Smell – An act of respiration Every individual sets out goals that are important to him or her. Yet not one of these needs is as important as one you possess at every moment: breathing!
When we contemplate the miraculous engineering of the human lungs, we will be speechless with its incredible feats. If you had been unable to breathe for a minute, you would have given up all you owned in order to be able to breathe again. In another minute or so you would have lost consciousness. Brain death would follow in another two or three minutes, and your life would be at an end.
This process, which seems so simple and which very few people ever think about, is actually the first link to live . Every cell in our bodies need the oxygen provided by breathing. The beating of our heart, the movements of our muscles, cell division, thought would not be possible without oxygen.
In this theme, you will see how incredulous breathing is and how each one of the systems allow us to breathe in a miraculous aspect to sustain life. Now, let's start to study the technical aspects of breathing in our way.
"Let’s pause once in a while, when we are otherwise bored and idle, and think about breathing. Breathe consciously"
The two lungs are located near the backbone on either side of the heart Their principal function is to transport oxygen from the atmosphere into the bloodstream, and to release carbon dioxide from the bloodstream into the atmosphere. This exchange of gases

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.216393
Retrieved Text: AbsorptionAbsorptionjCools down8 If the amount of solar energy is less than the amount radiated, then the earth cools down. Greenhouse EffectSUNTo a certain degree, the earth acts like a greenhouse. Energy from the Sun penetrates the glass of a greenhouse and warms the air and objects within the greenhouse. The same glass slows the heat from escaping, resulting in much higher temperatures within the greenhouse than outside it.
9How different greenhouse gases are mixing into the atmosphere Earths Atmospheric GasesNitrogen (N2)Oxygen (O2)Water (H2O)Carbon Dioxide (CO2)Methane (CH4)Non-GreenhouseGases99%GreenhouseGases1%11Likewise, the earths atmospheric gases affect the ability of the earth to radiate the Suns energy back into space. Nitrogen and Oxygen make up 99% of the earths atmospheric gases and are non-greenhouse gases. Water, Carbon Dioxide, and Methane make up 1% of the earths atmosphere, but are greenhouse gases, since they cause the earth to retain heat. The U.S. emits about 6.4 billion metric tons of greenhouse gases annually, 25% of the worlds total.Carbon dioxide stays in the atmosphere for approximately 100 years, methane lasts about 12 years. Other greenhouse gases last even longer.As these gases continue to raise surface temperatures, they trigger the release of even greater quantities of carbon dioxide and methane that are currently trapped in frozen Arctic permafrost and tundra soils, further increasing temperatures.potentially causing runaway global warming.
12Worldwide Carbon EmissionsCarbon (109 metric tons)012345678175018001850190019502000YearLiquid fuelTotalGas fuelSolid fuel13This spike is due to the exponential increase in the use of fossil fuels over the last 150 years. Shown here are emissions of carbon from gas, solid, liquid fuels, and the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 44.97338
Retrieved Text: 22/10/2012 · Best Answer: Always have a excessive amount of oxygen available at ambient temperatures. Incomplete combustion only takes place if there is a limitation on the amount of oxygen available or/and if the temperature is to low to support complete combustion... Check to see if your broil burner is igniting and burning properly. If it is, then the pressure regulator should be working properly. I provided some troubleshooting and technical information in the answers to your previous questions.
This condition will result in unburned fuel and other products of incomplete combustion leaving the compartment and spreading to adjacent spaces. Ventilation-controlled fires can produce massive amounts of carbon monoxide.
combustion (the only products being water and carbon dioxide). Express your answer in the form of a Express your answer in the form of a balanced chemical equation.
Get shopping advice from experts, friends and the community! I have a gas oven with incomplete combustion.
13/01/2008 · Incomplete combustion way something is burning with a shortage of oxygen, ensuing in the form of soot and carbon monoxide. while there is completed combustion, maximum hydrocarbons superb form carbon dioxide regardless of if this is concept and dosen't happens oftenly.
If not enough oxygen is present for complete combustion, incomplete combustion occurs. The result of incomplete combustion is, once again, water vapour, carbon dioxide and heat. But it also produces carbon monoxide.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.725998
Retrieved Text: Why is carbon dioxide, a life sustaining, compound considered pollution and how do scientists know that humans are responsible for the increasing levels of CO2 in the atmosphere and global warming? When does carbon dioxide become a pollutant?
There is so much debate surrounding CO2 and global warming and a tremendous amount of misinformation or basic misunderstanding of the issue and what the source of increased CO2 is. In her latest article, Roberta Barbalace tries to help the reader see past the noise and understand what it is we know about CO2 and how we know what the source of the increased CO2 levels are. Read entire article: "CO2 Pollution and Global Warming"
In discussing the carbon cycle with a friend I discovered I am unclear on the details of how decomposing plants release CO2. Is that a product of decomposition? Is it just that there is more carbon available and then another process occurs to produce CO2? Or is it something else entirely?
I am confused about how CO2 is responsible for the increase in the globes temperature. The arguement states that the increase in CO2 in the atmosphere is the main cause of "greenhouse gases". My understanding is that these gases form a "shield" around the globe in the upper atmosphere. This shield allows light and heat in, but it doesn't allow it out again. Considering that the molecular weight of CO2 is 44 and the Air is 29, can you please explain how the CO2 gets into the upper atmosphere. Considering all the CO2 is produced

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.457558
Retrieved Text: Sewer gas is a complex mixture of toxic and nontoxic gases that can be present at varying levels depending upon the source. It is formed during the decay of household and industrial waste. Highly toxic components of sewer gas include hydrogen sulfide and ammonia.
Sewer gas also contains methane, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, and nitrous oxides. In addition, chlorine bleaches, industrial solvents, and gasoline are frequently present in municipal and privately owned sewage treatment systems.
How can I avoid being exposed to sewer gas?
First, following the odor, try to locate the point of entry, such as a basement floor drain. Check for a blocked rooftop plumbing gas vent. By adding water to the floor drain or removing debris from a roof plumbing stack vent, you may be able to prevent sewer gas from entering your home. In the unlikely event that a leak in gas vent plumbing is behind walls, a plumber may be needed to find and fix it. Some local public health departments may be able to offer home inspections.
Symptoms of headache, nausea, dizziness, or drowsiness may indicate exposure to an odorless gas like methane or carbon monoxide, or to hydrogen sulfide, which smells of rotten eggs. Anyone experiencing severe symptoms should seek immediate medical care.
What are the effects of exposure to sewer gas?
Asphyxiation. High concentrations of methane in enclosed areas can lead to suffocation, as large amounts of methane will decrease the amount of oxygen in the air. The effects of oxygen deficiency include headache, nausea, dizziness and unconsciousness. At very low oxygen concentrations (<12%),

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.39651
Retrieved Text: Just as crocus and daffodil blossoms signal the start of a warmer season on land, a similar "greening" event--a massive bloom of microscopic plants, or phytoplankton--unfolds each spring in the North Atlantic Ocean from Bermuda to the Arctic.
Fertilized by nutrients that have built up during the winter, the cool waters of the North Atlantic come alive every spring and summer with a vivid display of color that stretches across hundreds and hundreds of miles. In what's known as the North Atlantic Bloom, millions of phytoplankton use sunlight and carbon dioxide (CO2) to grow and reproduce at the ocean's surface. During photosynthesis, phytoplankton remove carbon dioxide from seawater and release oxygen as a by-product. That allows the oceans to absorb additional carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. If there were fewer phytoplankton, atmospheric carbon dioxide would increase.
Flowers ultimately wither and fade, but what eventually happens to these tiny plants produced in the sea? When phytoplankton die, the carbon in their cells sinks to the deep ocean.
Plankton integral part of oceanic "biological pump"
This so-called biological pump makes the North Atlantic Ocean efficient at soaking up CO2 from the air.
"Much of this 'particulate organic carbon,' especially the larger, heavier particles, sinks," says scientist Melissa Omand of the University of Rhode Island, co-author of a paper on the North Atlantic Bloom published today in the journal Science.
"But we wanted to find out what's happening to the smaller, non-sinking phytoplankton cells from the bloom. Understanding the dynamics of the bloom and what happens to the carbon produced by it is important, especially

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.367886
Retrieved Text: Importance Of Ideal Aquarium Water Chemistry Understanding of the water conditions required for a certain species of fish is of fundamental importance for progress. This understanding will give you the best prerequisites for rearing your specimens. Acid and Base Balance The measurent in pH is a basic estimate of whether a water sample is neutral, acidic or alkaline. It is dictated by the amount of hydrogen particles present in that sample. The pH scale is a numerical scale extending from 0 to 14, with the center being thus called the neutral pH. A water sample in the fluid state comprises emphatically charged hydrogen (H +) particles, together with charged hydroxyl (OH-) particles. The present sums of each hydroxyl or hydrogen particles make the water acidic or antacid. Through the development procedure, the fish adapted to various conditions and distinctive pH values. To maintain a sound environment inside the aquarium, you need to monitor the pH level. Temperature Fish advanced in water which is stable in temperature. Regular waterways change the temperature gradually due to the particular heat limit and all temperature changes that happen in a fast sense because cold water coming from snow or ice dissolves, or from discharge that comes from industrial plants or power plants. Fish are basically poikilothermic, which means that they are cold-blooded and cope with the temperature of their surrounding water.
Hardness Of Water Water is regarded by the researchers as “widely dissolvable” because many particles dissolve in it. Common water basically contains eight particles: sulfates, carbonates, chlorides, magnesium, bicarbonates, sodium,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.367786
Retrieved Text: Describe the short term cycling of carbon through the processes of photosynthesis and respiration.
Identify carbon sinks and carbon sources.
Describe short term and long term storage of carbon.
Describe how human actions interfere with the natural carbon cycle.
Carbon is a very important element to living things. As the second most common element in the human body, we know that human life without carbon would not be possible. Protein, carbohydrates, and fats are all part of the body and all contain carbon. When your body breaks down food to produce energy, you break down protein, carbohydrates, and fat, and you breathe out carbon dioxide.
Carbon occurs in many forms on Earth and is found throughout the environment (Figure below). The element moves through organisms and then returns to the environment. When all this happens in balance, the ecosystem remains in balance too. In this section, let’s follow the path of a carbon atom over many years and see what happens.
These are some of the structures that carbon takes.
Nitrogen is also a very important element, used as a nutrient for plant and animal growth. First, the nitrogen must be converted to a useful form. Without “fixed” nitrogen, plants, and therefore animals, could not exist as we know them.
The short term cycling of carbon begins with carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere.
The production of food energy by land plants.
Plants and animals engage in the reverse of photosynthesis, which is respiration. In respiration, animals use oxygen to convert the organic carbon in sugar into food energy they can use. Plants also go through

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.32007
Retrieved Text: (ii) Which two gases make the bulk of the atmosphere?
(iii) Which gas creates greenhouse effect in the atmosphere?
(i) Atmosphere is a thin blanket of air that surrounds the earth. It protects us from the harmful rays of the sun. It consists of several gases in which nitrogen and oxygen occupy the major portion.
(ii) Nirtrogen (78%) and oxygen (21%) make the bulk of the atmosphere.
(iii) Carbon dioxide creates greenhouse effect in the atmosphere.
(iv) Weather is hour-to-hour, day-to-day condition of the atmosphere.
(vi) The pressure exerted by the weight of air on the earth’s surface is known as air pressure.
(iii) Which of the following layers of the atmosphere is free from clouds?
Answer: (i)—(c), (ii)—(a), (iii)—(b), (iv)—(b), (v)—(b).
(ii) Amount of insolation decreases from equator torwards poles?
Answer: (i) On a humid day the air is full of water vapour. Hence, evaporation is very slow. This is the reason why wet clothes take longer time to dry on a humid day.
(ii) Insolation comes through vertical rays on equator. Thus, it covers up less space but we feel more heat there when it goes up from equator towards poles, the sun rays become slanting. Needless to say that slanting rays come on the earth covering longer distance. Although these slanting rays heat up more space, the degree of hotness is felt less. This is the reason why amount of insolation decreases from equator towards poles.
Question 1. How does carbon dioxide create green house effect?
Answer: Crbon dioxide creates greenhouse effect by trappeing the heat radiated from the earth.
Question 2. What is the significance of

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.265842
Retrieved Text: Actually the dialouge is misleading. The meter is correctly named but the result, 50% oxygen, is not entirely accurate in describing the problem. Fresh oxygen from any source will not scrub the Co2 or Co from the air and its the effects of these gases that are the problem. Getting more oxygen is not the problem. The problem is the saturation level of "bad" gases.
Put the air in your car to recirculate and wind up all the windows and go for a long drive, you will be sleepy. Similar problem.
The only fix to to exchange the stale air for fresh. The ability to scrub air was still along way off.
German subs could use their engine exaust to fill up their dive takes with air when they surface. In this way they didn't have to have compressed air to surface.
In SH3 compressed air is used to blow ballast and surface as fast as you can. If you have just surfaced in rough weather your crew might blow a little ballast automatically if the engines are getting swamped too much.
You used compressed air to shoot torpedoes. I am under the impression that they recover most of the air right away so that you don't leave bubles on the surface. I assume for game purposes that this is why you don't loose any air in SH3 when you fire torps.
Compressed air was not used for breathing, as several members have already pointed out. It was used for surfacing and for ejecting torpedoes from the tubes. The only air available

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.24113
Retrieved Text: Analyze the mix of gases in air, from the most abundant--nitrogen and oxygen--to minor constituents such as argon and carbon dioxide. Explore the phenomenon of air pressure and how it affects human life. Also chart the worrisome increase in the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.229847
Retrieved Text: In the first part of our series on the clean coal myth, we looked at what exactly is meant by the term clean coal and what technologies or methods are being used in the industry that has been coined “clean coal”. In this final part of the series, we take a look at a key element of that process which involves the storing of CO2 to see what the environmental and safety issues are with the cap and store method utilized by so called clean coal plants.
What Will So Called Clean Coal Plants Do With the CO2 Emissions?
Clean coal proponents claim that capping some of the emissions of Carbon Dioxide (CO2) from coal burning plants and storing that hazardous greenhouse gas underground will make coal clean. As we have already discussed, this simply is not true. Even with this technology a dangerous amount of CO2 will still be put into the atmosphere polluting the air and worsening the greenhouse effect. But in addition to this, the proposal of underground storage of CO2 presents several other problems and hazards involved in both the actual capture and transport of this deadly gas into the underground storage areas as well as the storage itself.
Can You Safely Pump Carbon Dioxide Underground?
First, we will look at the process of actually pumping Carbon Dioxide underground. The industry proposes that this gas should be stored in underground coal seams. However, pumping the gas into these coal seams presents a variety of dangers. Many of these areas have concentrations of methane gas, another lethal

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.202682
Retrieved Text: We are working our way through the solar system with these fun, hands-on space themed science experiments! It's the perfect unit study because space is an exciting topic for everyone around here! I have extra interest in it lately because I'm studying astronomy this month as part of my MA degree!
1- Carbon dioxide (CO2) can be made here on Earth by simply combining vinegar and baking soda.
2- CO2 is more dense than our air.
3- CO2 will crowd out oxygen and extinguish fires.
4- CO2 will trap particulates (like smoke) and make hazy clouds, just like on Venus!
* is the 2nd planet from the sun.
* is the 6th largest planet in our solar system.
* is only a tiny big smaller than Earth.
* takes 225 Earth days to go around the sun.
* takes 243 Earth days for one day.
* has an atomosphere made of 96% carbon dioxide.
1- Discuss carbon dioxide. What is it? Where is it found? What do your kids know about it already? Key points: carbon dioxide is a gas. Less than 1/2% of our atmosphere is carbon dioxide. It is also the gas used to carbonate drinks, the gas released when you mix vinegar and baking soda, and about 5% of the air we breathe out.
2- Discuss the planet Venus. What do your kids know about it already? Key point: More than 96% of Venus's atmosphere is carbon dioxide. This traps a TON of heat, making Venus THE HOTTEST planet in our solar system (over 800 degrees Farhenheit on the surface--hot enough to melt lead!). It

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.158092
Retrieved Text: The Personal Climate Change Calculator is an easy to use tool which will help you measure your climate-affecting carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. After calculating your carbon footprint, you will be presented with a convenient option for offsetting these emissions by making a donation to plant trees in one of AMERICAN FORESTS Global ReLeaf forest restoration projects. Each tree costs just $1 and is “planted” with the click of a mouse.
Why plant trees? According to AmericanForests.org, during photosynthesis, a tree "inhales" CO2 from the air and then separates the carbon from the oxygen molecules. The carbon is absorbed by the tree, which then "exhales" pure oxygen back into the air for us to breathe. This process, called sequestration is how forests have always helped regulate the earth's atmospheric balance. Trees, then, are natural regulators of the Earth's atmospheric balance, sequestering carbon and reducing the amount of carbon dioxide that builds up in the atmosphere. The less excess carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the lower the "greenhouse effect," and the less chance that we will suffer the devastating weather effects associated with a rapid shift in our planet's climate.
Plant a tree. Breathe deeply!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.013313
Retrieved Text: Human beings cannot live without air. Their lungs need to fill with air for the body to process and then be released through exhalation. If the air you breathe is polluted, your lungs will react to the pollution. The results can range from chronic infections to lung cancer.
Those with existing chronic respiratory illnesses, such as asthma, often find that they are unable to spend time outdoors during certain times of excess pollution. This is due to an inability to get a sufficient amount of clean air into their lungs.
In a normal exchange during respiration, clean air is breathed in and the oxygen processed. Carbon dioxide is released. Carbon dioxide is harmful to humans. That is why the body uses the gas exchange system, to release the build-up of harmful gases.
A large component of polluted air is carbon dioxide. When you breathe in polluted air, you are breathing in the harmful gas your body is meant to release through exhalation. Breathing polluted air is essentially breathing in the very gas your body is trying to eliminate.
Your lungs are largely made up of exposed membrane. The air you breathe in is filtered through the membrane to air sacs. It is in these air sacs that oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide. When you exhale, you release the carbon dioxide.
When the air you breathe in is polluted, the oxygen that is sent throughout your body includes the toxins that polluted the air to begin with. When you breathe in polluted air, the toxins begin breaking down cellular structures in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.85304
Retrieved Text: Once the oxygen diffuses across the alveoli, it enters the bloodstream and is transported to the tissues where it is unloaded, and carbon dioxide diffuses out of the blood and into the alveoli to be expelled from the body. Although gas exchange is a continuous process, the oxygen and carbon dioxide are transported by different mechanisms.
Although oxygen dissolves in blood, only a small amount of oxygen is transported this way. Only 1.5 percent of oxygen in the blood is dissolved directly into the blood itself. Most oxygen—98.5 percent—is bound to a protein called hemoglobin and carried to the tissues.
Hemoglobin, or Hb, is a protein molecule found in red blood cells (erythrocytes) made of four subunits: two alpha subunits and two beta subunits ([link]). Each subunit surrounds a central heme group that contains iron and binds one oxygen molecule, allowing each hemoglobin molecule to bind four oxygen molecules. Molecules with more oxygen bound to the heme groups are brighter red. As a result, oxygenated arterial blood where the Hb is carrying four oxygen molecules is bright red, while venous blood that is deoxygenated is darker red.
The protein inside (a) red blood cells that carries oxygen to cells and carbon dioxide to the lungs is (b) hemoglobin. Hemoglobin is made up of four symmetrical subunits and four heme groups. Iron associated with the heme binds oxygen. It is the iron in hemoglobin that gives blood its red color.
It is easier to bind a second and third oxygen molecule to Hb than the first molecule. This is because the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 42.754375
Retrieved Text: Nitrogen is the most abundant gas in air (near 80%), and second is oxygen (about 20%). In fact, our organism only takes oxygen for being transported in the bloodstream. We also are carbon dioxide producers because once oxygen is consumed the body breathes out CO2.
Take care of aerating where you live! Although if the window is only the path to get heavy traffic pollution, please think in another method.
It's curious that only 0.00005% is hydrogen because this element stays considerably abundant in other setups. It is believed to be the more abundant one in the entire Universe. Sun would have in the photosphere about 72%. Helium, the second more present in the Universe also has an insignificant 0.0005% in common air inside our big blue home.
There is a gas called argon that is even more abundant (0.9%) than carbon dioxide (0.03%). Then, it deserves a closer look as surpasses the very known CO2. Argon is called a noble gas, with the third place in air composition and usually used in industrial processes where an "inactive" element is needed.
That's the meaning of Argon in Greek ... inactive. If we are breathing this gas each day, we could suppose that is not very toxic, nevertheless in high concentration could be fatal. This gas is being used as artificial atmosphere when growing crystals of the two materials primarily used in semiconductors, silicon and germanium. Who said computers?
An adult person has an average respiratory rate of 12 to 24 breaths in one minute and we are also interacting at that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 42.18326
Retrieved Text: Air is the most vital element for humans and animals. We could survive for weeks without food, or days without water, but deprived of air, we would perish within minutes.
The human body must have oxygen; each of its 100 trillion cells must receive steady, fresh supplies to survive. Every day, you take more than 17,000 breaths to keep your body fueled. The heart sends blood to the lungs where it drops off carbon dioxide for elimination and picks up fresh oxygen for delivery to every cell in the body.
Fresh air has many health benefits. It improves the brain's ability to function, gives clarity to the mind, improves concentration, and boosts learning abilities. It gives a sense of happiness and well-being by altering brain levels of serotonin. It promotes quality sleep, and kills bacteria and viruses in the air. Pollution causes air to lose these capabilities.
Environmental impurities affect people in a number of ways. Symptoms include sore throats, burning eyes, coughing, sluggishness, nausea, headaches, dizziness, exhaustion, and depression. Pollution is also associated with increased asthma and other respiratory problems, and many of pollution's contaminants have been linked to increased rates of cancer and other illnesses.
In closed areas the same air can be breathed and re-breathed. The oxygen content decreases, and the carbon dioxide and other wastes increase. When we breathe this stale air, the supply of oxygen is insufficient to keep the cells fueled. Impure air increases tension, anxiety, irritability, and headaches. It promotes depression and chronic feelings of fatigue and exhaustion.
Supplying the body with pure air

########
Rank: 27
Score: 42.174843
Retrieved Text: A similar process is happening in the oceans today. Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is being absorbed into the ocean. When carbon dioxide dissolves in water it forms carbonic acid. Fizzy drinks are carbonated – they have carbon dioxide bubbled into them and this makes them acidic. Carbon dioxide is taken up into cold waters more rapidly and so the process of ocean acidification affects the coldest seas, such as the Arctic Ocean, the most.
On the pH scale the oceans are actually basic – the current average pH level of the oceans is about 8.2 (compared to freshwater which is pH 7). By continually adding more carbon dioxide, and increasing the amount of hydrogen ions, the ocean is becoming more acidic – the pH level is dropping. The pH level will continue to decrease into the future as long as carbon dioxide keeps being absorbed by the oceans.
Since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution, there has been already been a 0.1 drop in pH level. Models predict that the pH level will continue to lower (become more acid) to 7.8 in the next 100 years and to 7.4 in 300 years.
This may seem like a small amount but the impact can be quite large. All organisms need to regulate their internal pH and marine creatures are no exception. The difference is that many marine organisms are more dependent on the ocean to act as a pH regulator. It is also important for those organisms that have shells made of calcium carbonate – they find it difficult

########
Rank: 28
Score: 42.115757
Retrieved Text: The latter occurs not only in plants but also in when the energy from plants is passed through a. Oxygen meters would tell you how much oxygen is given off. Note: These numbers do not include how many trees are cut down eachyear. Remove your thumb and check for any bubbles in the tube. The light energy is usually from sunlight, however, certain light bulbs can also be used. In plants, algae and cyanobacteria, long-term energy storage in the form of sugars is produced by a subsequent sequence of light-independent reactions called the ; some bacteria use different mechanisms, such as the , to achieve the same end.
The use of these molecules is consistent with the geological evidence that Earth's early atmosphere was highly at. Change the conditions of photosynthesis by altering light intensity and carbon dioxide amount, and determine the effects on the photosynthesis rate. Most 5 out of 6 molecules of the glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate produced is used to regenerate ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate so the process can continue. Stir the solution until it is fully dissolved. The process of gaseous exchange occurs by the process of diffusion in these cases. Plants and Microclimate: a Quantitative Approach to Environmental Plant Physiology Third ed. Though it only makes up about 1% of the Earth's atmosphere, it is vital to photosynthesis.
Photosynthesis is a process used by plants and other organisms to into that can later be to fuel the organisms' activities. Photosynthesis is the process in which plants use energy fromsunlight to transform water and carbon dioxide along with

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.094807
Retrieved Text: What is the difference between carbon and carbon dioxide?
Why is carbon dioxide called carbon dioxide?
What is the difference between carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide?
What's the difference between carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide?
Why is carbon dioxide a gas while silicon dioxide a solid?
How silicon dioxide differs from carbon dioxide?
How can carbon dioxide be split into carbon and oxygen?
How can carbon monoxide turn to carbon dioxide?
How much carbon dioxide is produced on heating 1 kg of carbon?
What happens when carbon dioxide reacts with carbon monoxide?
CO and CO2 – What’s the difference?
They absorb carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide and give out oxygen. What could be more desirable? And they look good in the bargain. Stop chopping down the rain forests and plant more saplings, and we're on our way.

================



======= Instance Index 30 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Rain falls on wood
- The rain seeps into the wood surface
- It permeates the wood
- When rain evaporates it leaves the wood
- It takes the finish of the wood with it
- The wood begins to lose it's luster
- It begins to look bad
- It has pieces of paint missing from the rain
- It gets worse when it rains
- It eventually will have no paint left.

Question:
suppose more water comes sprays out of the jets happens, how will it affect the rain will not evaporate out of the wood.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 36.48635
Retrieved Text: The VIGO Callaway Shower Massage Panel creates an unforgettable showering experience thanks to three centrally located adjustable body spray massage jets and a rain showerhead. Add to that a 4-way multi-function hand shower with a 60 inches chrome plated hose and you can be sure this shower panel will please even the most distinguished of guests. Panel is pre-plumbed for easy installation.
Dimensions 1.0 In. X 5.5 In. X 51.38 In.
Great shower panel! Treat yourself!
I purchased this to include in a master bathroom remodel. It is amazing. It is not as sleek as some of the other models available, but for the price, this is great looking. I purchased the option with the satin finish on the box/panel part and a chrome finish on the knobs, shower head and hand shower. This worked great because we were able to go with a cheaper chrome finish on a similarly styled shower head on the opposite wall of the shower. The Rain shower head is wonderful and works great but is not multi-functional. The hand shower has multiple functions and can be installed at a convenient height. The body sprays are powerful but not adjustable. The panel also has options for water temperature and strength which are really helpful options. Do be prepared that only one function is available at a time. The body sprays are not operable at the same time as the either of the showers. Good to note, the panel doesn't seem to spot with hard water stains. I've been using it for three months now

########
Rank: 1
Score: 36.294384
Retrieved Text: body shower heads shower systems with body sprays large size of shower heads splendid photos concept with flow control head systems shower systems with body sprays kohler body shower heads.
body shower heads full body shower head heads artistic spray at co marble tile bathroom modern with shelf built in and sprays body wash shower heads.
body shower heads delta rain head spacious body spray shower heads on videos of delta rain with the amusing full body shower heads.
body shower heads full body shower heads spray head best alternate view delta body spray shower heads.
body shower heads body spray shower round body spray body spray shower head placement body spray shower kohler body shower heads.
body shower heads body spray shower heads sprays plumbing in plans head placement videos of delta rain with the body spray shower heads kohler body shower heads.
body shower heads shower heads and body sprays shower head with body sprayers hand and 4 sprays brushed nickel body wash shower heads.
body shower heads douche led casca douche massage body spray best full body shower heads.
body shower heads shower body sprays body spray shower system body shower systems body sprays shower body shower heads shower body body wash shower heads.
body shower heads elegant body shower heads body spray shower heads medium size of shower heads body sprays with full body spray shower head.
body shower heads shower body sprayer kits body sprayer shower affordable shower head body shower head placement body massage shower body body spray shower heads.
body shower heads pressure balance shower system dual shower heads and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 36.18346
Retrieved Text: So why does rain make a difference? Part of the answer can be that rain comes with a pattern that promotes instability and more clouds, which can keep daytime temperatures down some. But the bigger reason has to do with the amount of moisture available for evaporation. It takes at least 500 calories of energy to evaporate a gram of water. When you keep in mind that it only takes one calorie to warm a gram of water by one degree, you realize that’s a lot of energy.
When this evaporation occurs, it robs the energy from the surrounding environment. This is why you feel so much cooler when you get out of the shower than when you get in. Therefore, when we get a lot of rain leading into the summer, there is more moisture in the ground to evaporate, which keeps us cooler. The resultant water vapor also tends to help fuel more shower and thunderstorm activity, which then keeps the ground wet. Given our current weather pattern, we will have to wait until next year before extreme heat.
If you would like to suggest a topic for Joe Murgo to address in this column, email him at Murgo@wtajtv.com.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 35.470356
Retrieved Text: Commercial Landscape Irrigation Tips: Peter Longman, Rain Bird’s Northern Europe Landscape Area Manager, takes a look at how irrigation systems are becoming an integral element of landscape design. Product selection and regular maintenance are essential.
It seems that water restrictions and hose pipe bans may be more frequent over the coming years as predictions about global warming become reality. Whilst it is true that conservation of water is everyone’s responsibility, irrigation technology is likely to play an important role in ensuring this precious commodity is used to maximum effect in the commercial landscaping, sports and residential applications.
With efficient irrigation products and practices, it is possible to reduce water consumption by 25 per cent or more without having to give up the plants and trees that add to the look of any landscape. A fundamental requirement is to know the soil type involved – is an important factor in determining how fast and how often irrigation is needed. Different soils have differing rates of water intake as well as being able to hold moisture for varying amounts of time. These factors will influence the choice of plants as well as the type of sprinkler or other form of irrigation and will also influence the irrigation schedule. Finding out about a particular soil type does not require expensive lab tests and DIY soil testing is easy, using a jar test to measure soil texture and type.
Water pressure can vary greatly between locations. High or fluctuating pressure can have an impact on the efficiency of an irrigation system. If there

########
Rank: 4
Score: 35.314365
Retrieved Text: Backpacking rain gear is an important piece of equipment to consider when planning a trip. While most would hope for endless blue skies, eventually you’ll encounter that lovely precipitation. So, as opposed to getting cold, wet and cranky, be prepared!
Breathable - it’s important for perspiration to be able to evaporate. You also want to be able to stay cool on hot days. Make sure your rain gear as some way for air to get in and out. For example, vents in the armpits.
Lightweight - since this is a more heavy duty item of clothing, pay attention to the weight. There is no need for this piece of gear to add too much weight to your pack.
Waterproof - there is a difference between waterproof and water resistant. Waterproof means it is a garment made from fabric that will not let water in. Water resistant means the material has been treated to repel water, but it will not prevent it from soaking in. If you want this to keep you dry even through a downpour, be sure to go for a waterproof material.
Durable - how durable your gear needs to be depends on what kind of backpacking you plan on doing. If you plan on doing a lot of bushwhacking, you’ll need very durable gear. Typically, more expensive = more durable.
The Poncho - breathable by design, this is a very light and relatively cheap option. The main drawback to the poncho is that it does not work very effectively in the wind. And most storms are accompanied by

########
Rank: 5
Score: 35.29392
Retrieved Text: Shoes are always the worst-hit in my wardrobe during the rainy season. I commute and walk to the office so contact with water is inevitable. When shoes are exposed to water for a long period of time it is eventually absorbed by the leather even though I’ve applied waterproofing sprays and substances such as wax and dubbin. I have been looking for a solution to help me address this problem and it is in the form of galoshes; specifically SWIMS galoshes.
SWIMS galoshes were designed in Oslo, Norway, a city that experiences 113 rain-days per year. As with many products coming out of Scandinavia, SWIMS galoshes deliver in all aspects: design, construction, and functionality. They are easy to slip on and off yet the inner lining holds on to shoes and enhances the shine. It grips wet surfaces so you don’t accidentally slip while walking; something that happens quite often when using leather-soled shoes. Its heels absorb shock and the rubber is waterproof. It comes in four sizes and can accommodate a wide variety of classic shoe styles.
It sounds good and all but an accessory such as this is not meant to provide total protection. SWIMS galoshes are great during periods of light to moderate rain. During a downpour it won’t work well because the water will probably be a few inches deep. And obviously it will not be effective at all in a flooded area. Much better to just stay put than risk ruining your shoes.
SWIMS galoshes come in a variety of colors but retailers in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.743908
Retrieved Text: Electric Water Heater For Shower and Sink – Some people have a bath tub shower combination. That is, you stand in the tub and use the bathtub or you remain in the tub and also have a bathtub. Others have a standalone shower where you don’t even need a bath tub in the same room but still others have a handheld attachment that they use where they can. Showers are all over and for everyone, so it’s unsurprising that there are many different kinds of shower heads available to take your blah bathroom to a spa level bathroom with almost no effort.
If you want getting caught in the rain or would rather have a rainfall like bathtub than one which sprays water willy nilly then the rain head shower is good for you. They come in various sizes and are usually rectangular. The bigger they are the more like a rainstorm your shower will be. They enable you to stand there and pretend that you are outside in the rain, without the worry that your clothes and mobile are getting drenched. Some models have even an air effect built in that mimics a rain storm.
Who ever before said a shower should just have one blast of water? Now you can have multiple streams of water angled at you nevertheless, you wish with a body shower. Not just coming down from above, these jets can be trained on your lower back, your shoulder blades or anywhere else you would like and provide a hydrotherapy dream, right within

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.312134
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Shower Body Sprays Head With Jets Rainfall Spray Layout Design Build Pertaining To Designs 7. Post Title: Shower Body Sprays. Filename: shower-body-sprays-head-with-jets-rainfall-spray-layout-design-build-pertaining-to-designs-7.jpg. Image Dimension: 550 x 650 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: Harvey Mertz. Uploaded Date: Saturday - October 06th. 2018 16:53:17 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: zillow.com. Remer S11 By Nameek S Raniero Chrome Shower System With Rain Regard To Body Sprays Ideas 2. Surface Mount Body Spray 50102 Delta Faucet Regarding Shower Sprays Prepare 8. Shower Body Spray Jets Delta Sprayers With Regard To Sprays Prepare 17. Shower Body Spray Questions Plumbing Contractor Talk In Sprays Prepare 13. Shower Body Spray Questions Plumbing Contractor Talk Typical Inside Sprays Plan 11. What Nobody Tells You About Installing Shower Body Sprays EiEiHome For Prepare 5. Classic Or Craze Shower Body Sprays ST LOUIS HOMES LIFESTYLES Throughout Ideas 1. Master Shower With Steam Unit Rain Head And Tile Body Sprays Inside Remodel 10. What To Know About Body Sprays For A Shower Design Build Planners Decor 3. Steam Shower With Body Sprays And Ceiling Mounted Rain Head Designs 15.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 34.017227
Retrieved Text: Do different liquids have different distributions of kinetic energy of their particles, and does this influence their vapor pressure significantly?
How long would it take for a cup of water to fully evaporate?
Does water need oxygen to evaporate?
can we create an artificial cloud by evaporating ground water?
I need a clarity about whether an artificial cloud can be made by human or not,if it is so, then it will be useful for many.
How do salt crystals evaporate in water?
Salt dissolves in water but when water has evaporated it is still there. What has happened to the salt in the water and why is it still there when water has evaporated?
Why does salt ions is not exist at vapor when the water is boiled and evaporated?
Why do we sweat on a hot and humid day but the clothes are able to dry?
Can we enhance evaporation rate with a vacuum pump?
Why perspiration drops are seen in shopping bag?
Why perspiration drops are seen in shopping bag? When i put hot bread in shopping bag after sometime i saw perspiration drops in the shopping bag.
Will having two water pans in my smoker make any difference?
Does the presence of a flame affect the flow rate of gas out of a lighter or torch?
What type of heat is efficient to evaporate water?
Why does evaporation cause cooling?
I am aware that the evaporation process causes cooling in the remaining liquid, but why? If anyone can give me the maths and or equations to prove / show this I would be most appreciative.
Do solids do something analogous

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.98699
Retrieved Text: Roll Top Bath With Shower – Some of us have a bath tub shower combination. That’s, you stand in the tub and use the bathtub or you sit down in the tub and have a bathroom. Others have a stand alone shower where you do not even desire a bath tub in the same room and still others have a hand held connection that they use where they can. Showers are everywhere and for everyone, so it’s unsurprising that there are many different varieties of shower minds available to take your blah bathroom to a spa level bathroom with hardly any effort.
If you want getting caught in the rain or would rather have a rainfall like shower than the one that sprays water willy nilly then your rain head shower is for you. They come in various sizes and are usually square. The bigger they will be the similar to a rainstorm your bathtub will be. They enable you to stand there and pretend that you are outside in the torrential rain, without the worry that your clothes and cellphone are getting drenched. Some models even have an air impact built in that mimics a rain storm.
Who ever said a shower should just have one blast of water? Now you can have multiple channels of normal water angled at you however you wish with a body shower. Not just coming down from above, these jets can learn on your lower back, your shoulder blades or somewhere else you’d like and give you a hydrotherapy wish, right

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.905575
Retrieved Text: What’s that white powdery stuff that can appear on brickwork?
It can also appear on concrete!
What Is Efflorescence, & How Is It Caused?
Basically it is caused by water soluble salts contained in either the mortar, or the bricks.
When any water in the wall (that has dissolved the salts) comes to the surface of these building materials the water evaporates, leaving the salts on the surface.
Although the salts sometimes come from the bricks, more commonly they originate from the mortar.
Walls exposed to driving rain.
Efflorescence is more prevalent on South and East facing walls as these are colder so the moisture gets to the face of the wall. North and West facing walls are generally warmer so the water evaporates before it reaches the surface leaving the salts inside the walls.
What Can Be Done To Prevent Efflorescence?
Overall design to keep water out of the wall structure.
Specifying Mortar Joints to keep water off the wall.
Using a mortar admixture to minimise the water cement ratio.
Probably the first step when dealing with an existing problem is ensuring the wall can be kept dry.
As long as there is a path for water to get to the surface it will be very hard to deal to achieve a permanent solution as water will continue to evaporate on the surface bring out fresh salts.
When removing the actual efflorescence its best to try a stiff brush first.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.635788
Retrieved Text: Think about what you know about weather patterns and weather reports. What do you think causes weather?
I think weather is maybe caused by how the Earth revolves around the sun in a way because since it moves around it, since the sun shines in different places on Earth at different times it could cause it to change.
I claim weather is caused by many ways, for example like condensation, precipitation, evaporation, ect. With condensation it is when water vapor turns into liquid. When there is precipitation it is rain, snow, sleet, hail, ect. With evaporation its when liquid turns into water vapor and goes into the atmosphere.
I think that air masses, cold fronts, warm fronts, and varying amounts of pressure in the atmosphere causes weather to change. I claim this because when two air masses collide it causes bad weather. When a cold front comes it brings cold and stormy weather. When a warm front comes it brings warm and fair weather. Low pressure produces condensation which creates clouds and high pressure does not produce clouds so there is fair weather and no precipitation.
I claim that the water cycle is a huge factor in what causes weather. My evidence is when there is warm weather, the water is going to evaporate. Then the water will condensate and form clouds. When the temperature is colder and there are clouds, there will most likely be precipitation.
I think weather depends on the atmosphere and the sun because weather is in the atmosphere and the sun can make it hot and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 33.496178
Retrieved Text: As a kid we always used waterproof sprays to make our hunting boots last long. Honestly, I’m not convinced we used the right sprays or applied them properly, but dad said it helped. When I got older I started guiding backpacking trips and we used similar sprays to renew the waterproofness of our tents and equipment.
Today we have wash in waterproof chemicals, waterproofing sprays of different types, and certain ones that excel on particular fabrics. Don’t worry though, I won’t let you get lost in the weeds. We’re going to go through step by step and talk about the good, bad, and ugly of waterproof sprays.
By the end of the article you should know what to look for and what to keep in mind when you’re shopping. I’m also going to get right into it and suggest a handful of the best waterproof tent sprays you can use to renew your tent or improved its water resistance.
This is our top pick for the best waterproof tent sprays in this roundup. It’s available in your local store or online, reliable, affordable, and easy to use. When it comes to waterproof sprays it doesn’t get much better than that.
While some of the brands on our list are new or obscure (doesn’t mean they don’t work well) most of you will recognize the Kiwi Camp spray from your local supermarket’s outdoor section.
So, for hikers on long trips or thru hikers coming into town with tents that might be starting to leak, a quick trip to the local store is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 33.31803
Retrieved Text: Ace Mosquito Control uses larvicides to prevent eggs and larvae from developing into adult mosquitoes. While our sprays are effective at killing adult mosquitoes, it is important to also address the issue of the eggs and larvae that may already exist around your property. We use larvicides in areas that are breeding grounds for mosquitoes. If possible, we treat standing water by emptying it and tipping over the containers so they will not collect the water again. However, there are areas where the best choice is to use an effective larvicide.
Ace Mosquito Control uses Summit B.T.I. Briquets to effectively control the mosquito control. The Summit B.T.I. Briquets will slowly dissolve in the water and release a bacterium that affects mosquitoes but it will not affect other aquatic life. The bacterium is bacillus thuringiensis subspecies israelensis, which is commonly found in the soil. The briquets are a small circular cork matrix that will float on the top of the water.
Altosid Pro-G Insect Growth Regulator is applied to areas that may collect rain water such as bird baths, flower pots, fountains, pool covers and gutters. Altosid comes in a small shaker bottle and is applied to the areas where mosquitoes might breed. The active ingredient is (S)-Methoprene and it will stop mosquitoes from developing into adults. It is safe to use around humans, pets, fish, and other animals.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 33.234776
Retrieved Text: Looking for Colloidal Silver dietary supplement? Click here!
Thankfully, you can now disinfect your hands naturally and economically. Using the same safe and effective formulation of Life Force Colloidal Silver, Life Force has provided a way to kill the microbes quickly, preserve your hands, and keep the liquid in the container until you use the last drop. And in terms of economy, the price can’t be beat.
With the Life Force International Colloidal Silver Hand Spray, all of your concerns are gone. You get the same disinfecting power of chemicals with this elemental water. No more smell, no more stickiness, no more leaking, and it comes not just with one 5-1/2″ reusable misting cylinder, but 12 for each member of your family and all the purses, desks, backpacks, lunch bags, and cars you own. Not only that, with the refillable containers, that’s just that much less that will end up in the landfill or recycling center.
Especially during cold and flu season, you’ll see those little alcohol-based, antibacterial pumps and gels on the counter at the store as an “impulse item.” For only a buck and half, you can buy one and stick it in your purse to disinfect your hands when water isn’t available, or keep at your desk when your schedule won’t allow you to leave. In an average year, it is estimated the average family uses at least $75 of alcohol-based sanitizer products between school backpacks, cars, lunch bags, offices, purses, and briefcases.
Unfortunately, there is a dark side to that convenience. What the manufacturers don’t tell

########
Rank: 15
Score: 33.1932
Retrieved Text: body spray shower systems by delta faucets.
body spray shower delta system with sprays and hand head placement.
body spray shower best system showers stunning with multiple sprays faucet multi head systems full image typical height.
body spray shower head and the best moen heads.
body spray shower heads with contemporary bathroom also beige subway tile glass wall green walls hand recessed lighting sheer moen.
body spray shower home theater head reviews.
body spray shower discount rain led lights remote control color 3 way temperature thermostatic mixer bathroom from china standard height.
body spray shower rainfall system with sprays typical height.
body spray shower systems about remodel creative small home ideas with grohe.
body spray shower systems with sprays heads full image for head reviews.
body spray shower system grohe systems.
body spray shower sprays design build pros 2 heads.
body spray shower picturesque head and heads valve.
body spray shower delta systems home design ideas system moen.
body spray shower head product image full reviews.
body spray shower sprays height best showers interior home design master where to system.
body spray shower heads head multi function set sprays hand water saving placement faucets.
body spray shower design home game head placement.
body spray shower medium size of head installation height heads with.
body spray shower questions moen heads.
body spray shower image result for layout head placement.
body spray shower thermostatic system hand 6 jets standard height.
body spray shower and sprays chrome typical height.
body spray shower double heads and a fire place to warm you when get out might be bit over the top for bathroom but i love height.
body spray shower round moen systems.
body spray

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.178307
Retrieved Text: Can you use a vinegar weed killer instead of a toxic commercial spray? Is this type of natural weed killer safe to use and effective? Let’s explore the options.
No one loves spraying toxic weed killers on their lawn. At least, I certainly hope you do not. And being a beekeeper, I encourage you to let some of the weeds grow.
Weeds such as dandelions provide much needed nectar and pollen for our bees and other pollinators. If you choose to let some of those weeds grow, that means less work for you too! It’s a win-win for all.
But realistically, we know that there are some places that you may want to keep weed or grass free. Weeding by hand is hard work and not something everyone has time to do.
Over the years, we have seen many commercial products developed to battle the weeds and other vegetative matter around your home. Unfortunately, we are also beginning to see the results of using the easy to apply products.
Chemical residues are showing up in our soil, water and plant tissue. And yes, even in our food! Some scientists feel that herbicides are responsible for increased bee deaths. We can debate how bad the problem is but it is clear that a problem does exist.
The hunt continues for a way to combat weeds that is less harmful to the environment. Almost any substance that we apply to living plants will affect the environment in some way.
As a more natural solution, where does the use of vinegar weed killer fit into our

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.149975
Retrieved Text: You might be surprised by how much high pressure shower heads can change your life. Seriously! In the morning, a good shower can start your day off on the right foot. At night, it can wash away the stress of the day and help you relax. If you’re looking for the best shower head for high pressure, we’ve done the research and found the best products. Before we get into the reviews, here are the features you should pay attention to.
Finish Type - Whether you prefer something shiny, brushed, or even oiled and antiqued looking, there’s a high pressure shower head to match your taste. And your bathroom decor. There are plenty of options available to get the look that you want.
Colors - You might be surprised at the range of color choices. Chrome, nickel, brass, bronze. Even white! Chances are there is a shower head out there that will match the other fixtures in your bathroom for a cohesive look.
Number of Settings - Some high pressure shower heads have only 1 setting. Some have 5 or more. Do you need a lot of settings? Not necessarily. This is one feature that really just boils down to personal preference.
Hand Held - Hand held shower heads are a great way to get a fuller massage experience. They also come in really handy for practical things, too, like washing your kids’ hair in the tub or even giving your dog a bath.
Warranty - Just like with all warranties, the longer, the better. You can even find some high

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.086246
Retrieved Text: *Back to our regular programming/do not resist the inexplicable urge to clean.
Why Handles On Small Syrup Jars?
If we put wood in the evaporator about every ten minutes, we evaporate about 10 gallons of water per hour. We call that a fast boil. If we put wood in the evaporator at our convenience (usually that's me doing other things while also being Sapmeister), we evaporate less. I suppose maybe anywhere from 7 gallons per hour to as little as 3 gallons per hour. We call that a slow boil. Over night while Sapmeisters sleep, 15 to 20 gallons of water will evaporate from the residual heat.
The Sapmeister is responsible most importantly for not burning down The Sugar House. He/She also keeps the fire roaring by putting more wood in the evaporator about every ten minutes for a fast boil, regulating the flow of sap into the evaporator, bringing firewood inside, and if necessary splitting firewood before bringing it in.
New tap holes should be 3” left or right of an old hole, 6” up or down. If possible continue a spiral pattern of holes over the years. Depth of hole should be 2 - 2 1/2” into the sap wood. Hole should slope downward out of the tree at a 10 deg. angle. This a very slight downward slope. Do not overdo it!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.86508
Retrieved Text: Having damp in your home can be a major issue, not only can it look and smell bad, it can also have serious implications on your health and if left untreated, can be extremely costly and time consuming to repair. There are different kinds of damp that can affect a property, penetrating damp is one of the most common types, here is how to tell if you have a damp problem and how to get rid of it.
Penetrating damp, also known as lateral damp, is when moisture comes through the walls of a building, usually from the exterior to the interior. This can create damp patches on the wall that get worse with rain.
This type of damp usually happens when there is some sort of problem with the masonry of the building or another defect. A leaking gutter, problems with the brickwork – such as becoming more porous with age – and faulty joints between the windows and doors can all cause penetrating damp.
Basically any way that moisture get seep into a building horizontally.
Older buildings have older bricks, these bricks are less capable to keeping water out so instead, soak it in.
Any sort of damage to the brickwork that allows water to penetrate through.
Ineffective gutters and downpipes can lead to water leaking out and running down the walls, when this happens over a prolonged period of time you are at risk of developing damp. Roof damage can also allow water to seep in. As can poorly installed windows and doors.
If you are experiencing any of these

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.558743
Retrieved Text: Scientists using one of the nation's newest and most capable research aircraft are launching a far-reaching field project this month to study plumes of airborne dust and pollutants that originate in Asia and journey to North America. The plumes are among the largest such events on Earth, so great in scope that scientists believe they might affect clouds and weather across thousands of miles while interacting with the sun's radiation and playing a role in global climate.
Known as PACDEX (PACific Dust EXperiment), the project will be led by scientists at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego and the National Center for Atmospheric Research. NCAR's main sponsor, the National Science Foundation (NSF), will provide most of the funding. The first mission will be launched in late April, depending on weather patterns in Asia. It will continue for almost two months.
"PACDEX comes at a crucial time in our efforts to understand the regional impacts of global warming," says V. Ramanathan, a PACDEX principal investigator based at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. "It will also help us examine how the dust and soot modifies storm tracks and cloud systems across the Pacific, which influence North American weather patterns in major ways. By focusing on these plumes, PACDEX will shed light on one of the major environmental issues of this decade."
While many particles in the plumes, such as sulfates, cool the planet by blocking solar radiation from reaching Earth, other particles, such as black carbon, can have a warming effect. Black carbon produces warming by absorbing sunlight both at

########
Rank: 21
Score: 32.3561
Retrieved Text: Sewer jetter nozzles are custom drilled based on pump's flow and pressure specifications resulting in optimized equipment and superb cleaning performance. Pressure rating ranges from 1750 to 8000 PSI. These jetting nozzles are used for sewer cleaning, drain cleaning, pipe cleaning, tube cleaning, hydro drilling and more.
These sewer jetting nozzles are used in wide range of cleaning applications. The two major application groups are sewer and drain cleaning and industrial pipe and tube cleaning. In addition, there are other speciality applications such as hydro drilling (using high pressure water as the cutting agent to drill holes in rock and soil). We at Ultimate Washer, offer nozzle sizes from 1/8", perfect for small electric or gasoline jetters used in residential applications, up to 3/8" NPT nozzles suitable for large trailer mounted equipment used for city municipal applications and commercial treatments.
Rotating nozzles are physically small for cornering ability. Backward ports drive the nozzle forward and flush debris. Sideways ports impact walls. The Rotation of this sewer jetting nozzles adds extra agitation and surface cleaning.
Rotating sewer nozzles have 3 sprays back for flushing out debris.
Rotating duct cleaners have 2 sprays sideways for agitation at side walls.
These nozzles come in both brass and stainless steel construction.
Brass has no forward jets, 3 reverse jets (Ram-style) — designed for pushing debris using forward propulsion from rear jets.
Stainless Steel has 1 forward, 3 reverse jets — ideal for cutting debris and breaking up stubborn dirt ahead of it using forward jet.
When dealing with larger sewer lines, the Warthog family of sewer nozzles is

########
Rank: 22
Score: 32.329807
Retrieved Text: based upon changes in the local (home, office, store, etc.) humidity and temperature.
On the individual furniture piece there may be slight defects, such as knots,and shakes (small cracks in the surface of the wood). Some minor shrinkage may sometimes occur. These natural irregularities in pine enhance its overall uniqueness.
Do not place this product next to a radiator or in direct sunlight. Wood is a natural product and will expand if subjected to damp and will shrink and may crack if subjected to heat.
This product is made of pine, which is a timber that is common for furniture, but susceptible to temperature changes. With pine furniture it is recommended that an even room temperature be maintained with no sudden temperature fluctuations, up or down.
Do not use soap and water or detergents of any kind on this product for cleaning. To maintain the characteristic finish on this furniture, do not use aerosol sprays or any polish containing Silicon.
If unsure, try on an area that’s not seen and look for reactions. There is a natural stain and finish on this furniture and it will react to most manmade products.
It will from time to time require the surface re-treating again to maintain its character. You can easily do this yourself using block wax (unperfumed), rubbing it over the whole item, following the manufacturers instruction.
After treating your furniture, you may notice it is slightly more waxier than previously. This is normal because wood is a natural product that breathers and absorbs depending on room temperature.
Furniture made from Indian Sheesham is provided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 32.233524
Retrieved Text: Need a speaker for that next event? San Antonio Water System has experts ready to lend a hand.
Choose from three topics to find out more about water in our community.
Presentations are 30 to 45 minutes long with a 15-minute question session.
Presentations are FREE of charge, but you must have a group of at least 10 people.
Please allow four weeks to schedule a presentation.
Learn where our water comes from, how it gets to you and what happens to it "after the flush." Follow the journey and learn how SAWS gets water to our communities.
Learn how the city of San Antonio — once solely dependent on the Edwards Aquifer — attained one of the most diversified and innovative water supply portfolios.
Select from four different presentations to learn about our conservation programs and strategies from our expert staff.
Water is perhaps the most important resource in a community, but it's also the resource we take for granted the most. Understanding where your water comes from, how it gets to you and what happens to it "after the flush" is the focus of the From Rain to Drain presentation. In this fun, informative presentation you will follow the journey water takes through our community — from the time it falls as rain all the way to wastewater treatment.
The Edwards Aquifer is San Antonio's primary source of water. But what you might not know is that we actually have several different sources of water. This presentation tells the story of how SAWS was able to meet the short and long term needs

########
Rank: 24
Score: 32.19923
Retrieved Text: Published 04/20/2019 04:24:30 pm at 04/20/2019 04:24:30 pm in Body Spray Shower.
body spray shower 5 jets shower panel system in brown stainless steel with led rainfall waterfall spectacular deal on ryle thermostatic shower system with hand shower ryle thermostatic shower system with hand shower and body sprays chrome signature hardware.
body spray shower system grohe shower body spray systems body spray shower system grohe shower body spray systems, standard slide bar american standard shower faucets standard slide bar polished chrome, shower jets shower parts the home depot body spray with hokinetic technology in stainless,remer s by nameeks raniero chrome shower system with rain shower shower faucet remer s chrome shower system with rain shower head hand shower, kohler body spray system tyresc kohler body shower systems tyresc, body spray shower large size of body spray shower heads with sprays body spray shower shower systems ceiling mount shower shower body spray plate or whatever other peripheral body spray shower , body showers shower heads body shower head shower head full body body showers showers outstanding shower body spray systems ideas showers outstanding shower body spray systems ideas body showers , kohler body sprays shower modern with regard to systems in spray kohler body sprays shower modern with regard to systems in spray system, remer s by nameeks raniero chrome shower system with rain shower shower faucet remer s chrome shower system with rain shower head hand shower, shower heads and body sprays thermostatic shower system with rain shower heads and body sprays body spray body spray shower heads

########
Rank: 25
Score: 32.16321
Retrieved Text: Identify inefficient watering practices and implement improvements to reduce your facility’s water usage and related costs.
Many states and municipalities have strict guidelines for how and when landscape turf and shrubbery can be watered. In most cases, there are stiff fines for overwatering or watering on non-designated days. Plus, the cost for wasted water can add significantly to operations budgets. Rain Bird, an Azusa, CA-based manufacturer and provider of irrigation products and services for the intelligent use of water, offers these five steps for facility managers to follow in their landscape care practices to reduce water usage.
Understand Your Soil. The soil type on your property is an important factor in determining how fast and how often you can water. Different types of soils have different intake rates, which will influence the precipitation rate and type of sprinkler you choose. The ability of soil to hold moisture and the amount of moisture it can hold will greatly affect your irrigation schedule.
Know Your Water Pressure. Water pressure varies greatly based on where your property is located. High water pressure or fluctuating water pressure can have a significant impact on the efficiency of your irrigation system. If you do have high pressure, make sure you install products equipped with pressure regulating devices, which can save you up to one gallon per minute per device.
Divide Your Property Into Zones By Plant Types. Different plants need different amounts of water. Divide your property into separate zones so groundcover, shrubs and trees can be watered separately and less frequently.
Choose Your Plants Wisely. When

########
Rank: 26
Score: 32.08404
Retrieved Text: shower with jets pertaining to House Interior | Jenniferumphress.com shower stalls with multiple jets. shower enclosures with massage jets. corner shower with body jets.
Body Jets And Shower Heads Photo Gallery And Image Library Pertaining To Shower With Jets Renovation. Luxury Waterfall Bathroom Shower In Wall Bath Faucets Panels With Regard To Shower With Jets Decorating. Steam Shower With 4 Panel Shower Rainhead And Body Jets Carrera With Shower With Jets Ideas. Image Detail For Adjustable Shower Body Jets 498e These Large For Shower With Jets Renovation. Shower With Jets On The Walls Prodigious System Multi Function Hand Pertaining To Shower With Jets Prepare. Shower With Jets On The Walls Plantoburo For Shower With Jets Renovation. Body Jet With Two Flows Aquant Throughout Shower With Jets Plan. Are Body Jets In A Shower Worth Installing For Shower With Jets Plan. Shower With Jets Tiidalco Regarding Shower With Jets Renovation. Best Hot And Cold Water Mixer Valve Bathroom Shower Bath Accessories For Shower With Jets Prepare. Shower Body Jets Design Ideas In Shower With Jets Renovation. Online Cheap Hm 20 Shower Head Rainfall Mist Spa 4 Ways Concealed Throughout Shower With Jets Plan. Rain Shower System Spaces Contemporary With Body Jets Ceramic Tile Intended For Shower With Jets Ideas. Columbus Custom Showers With Shower With Jets Plan. Hm 10 Air Booster Shower Head Saving Water Massage Body Jet 3 Jets Pertaining To Shower With Jets Renovation. Aqualine Hydromassage Shower Cabin With 6 Body Jets Regarding Shower With Jets Prepare. Steam Shower With 4 Panel Shower Rainhead And Body

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.9495
Retrieved Text: We use the latest technology. The Water-fed Pole System (WFPS) allows us to access all windows safely. Many are unsure of the quality when using this system, but that's often due to not understanding how it works. This page is designed to explain how it works and the benefits gained from using it. To find out more or to have a demonstration, don't hesitate to get in touch.
The secret is the water. Water that we use from day to day (tap water, spring water etc.) is full of minerals and impurites. Even rain water tends to be. When this water is left on glass, the water molecules evaporate, but the minerals and impurities are left. However, we don't use this impure water.
We filter our water to create 100% de-ionised water. This water is 100% pure. We feed this de-ionised water through our carbon fibre poles and onto your window. We use special brushes to loosen the dirt on your window which is absorbed by the de-ionised water. We then rinse the glass, washing off the dirt. This leaves only the pure de-ionised water. That means that when the water molecules evaporate, it leaves the windows sparkling clean as there are no minerals or dirt left behind. And that's it!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.79474
Retrieved Text: 2/01/2019�� Air jetted tubs also do not create as strong of a massaging motion as water tubs do, though the maintenance requirements will be much lower on an air tub and the tub is likely to be less expensive than a water jetted tub.... 15/02/2009�� Each of our jets have a dial on the actual jet to adjust the amount of air/ water that comes out of each. You just dial it. It's fairly hard to dial so that it doesn't move if you just bump it in the tub. I actual have to place a wash rag around ours to adjust them. Have you tried that?
The Wish Air Jets System has been specially designed to complement our wish collection bathtubs. Dip into relaxation, well-being, and comfort with a system helping you to fully appreciate the benefits of a gentle and soothing massage and the beauty of a polymer freestanding bathtub. how to draw male mouth Open air induction to the maximum and run whirlpool jets for 10 to 20 minutes. Drain the tub completely. Again, close air induction and refill tub with hot water to an appropriate level and then add one cup of household bleach.
kingofcccam.com-Cleaning Air Jets Bathtub Cleaning Your Bathtub Jets If you like soaking in a Jacuzzi or whirlpool bath after a trip to the gym, chances are � how to clean dyson dc62 15/02/2009�� Each of our jets have a dial on the actual jet to adjust the amount of air/ water that comes out of each. You just dial it.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.736732
Retrieved Text: As we have already pointed out several times, water is a precious element for life and well-being. Immersing yourself in water was once a symbolic way to purify the spirit. Today, water also means relaxation: it has therefore taken on a value that is more "physical" than spiritual, because its benefits are many, both at a corporeal and mental level. Who does not want to be in a bathrobe, in a wellness center, to enjoy a well-deserved moment of pampering? In addition to a hot tub, sauna and steam bath, one of the most popular treatments is the emotional shower.
The Vichy, also known as Evian shower, was born in France. The name derives from the Latin affusion, meaning "pour and spread" which in itself describes the function of the shower, that is, the fall of water from above and massage on the body. This treatment, over a century and a half years old, was invented to create a new way of delivering water, then later seawater was used for Thalassotherapy. Later, no particular innovations were introduced.
Treatment re-experienced by "Be a Business spa"
The company "Be a Business spa", after having long used the affusion showers in its experience of managing SPA, spas and thalassotherapy centers, was able to evaluate the benefits and potential, but also the limited compliance with the real needs of the more modern SPAs and the wishes of their customers. This is how a project was born which, through a research and development path that lasted 4 years, has allowed us to develop the

================



======= Instance Index 31 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Batteries are put in a flashlight
- The flashlight is turned on
- Two contact strips touch one another
- A circuit is completed between the batteries and the lamp
- The lamp in the flashlight begins to glow
- The reflector in the flashlight directs the lamp's beam
- A straight beam of light is generated
- The flashlight is turned off
- The circuit is broken
- The beam is no longer visible.

Question:
suppose Blood  cleaned less well, your urine output more affected happens, how will it affect HURTING the flashlight to work properly.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 38.001385
Retrieved Text: What does it mean if I have protein in my urine?
During pregnancy, your kidneys may be working more, which is one of the reasons for having small amounts of protein in your urine. This is quite common in pregnancy. However, there could be other reasons as well!
Your body is fighting a minor infection such as urinary tract infection (UTI). If you're found to have a UTI, your doctor will prescribe an antibiotic that is safe to take in pregnancy.
If it happens in the second half of your pregnancy, it may be a sign of pre-eclampsia, a potentially serious condition. Pre-eclampsia can increase your blood pressure and affect how well your kidneys filter your blood. If the kidneys are not functioning well, proteins that should stay in your blood leak into your urine, causing proteinuria.
The proteinuria levels in your test report will be marked as a trace level, if it is low. Anything higher will be marked as one or more pluses. If you're not sure what the report means, ask your doctor to explain it to you.
If your proteinuria levels are a matter of concern, chances are that your gynaecologist will bring forward your next prenatal appointment. She'll check again to see if there's still protein present, and whether the level has increased or decreased.
If your urine sample contains high levels of protein, and your blood pressure is raised, it might mean that you're developing pre-eclampsia. Then, your doctor may ask you to take a blood test to check your blood count, clotting, kidney and liver

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.761158
Retrieved Text: Can a herpes outbreak affect the results of blood pregnancy test?
Will suboxone show up in a urine or blood drug test?
Answer: Yes, Suboxone shows in a urine test. lt will show for 2-3 days.
If a urine test shows both blood and protein present what does this mean?
Will the inhaler advair show up on a urine or blood test?
Will chew tobacco show up in a blood or urine test?
Answer: No, no form of tobacco or alcohol will show up in tests typically blood tests unless they are searching for it. Which they do, when they run blood tests for surgery and insurance blood-tests.
Will suboxone show a positive blood hair or urine test?
Answer: Suboxone will not show up in employment drug tests or standard 14 panel drug test. There is a specialize test just for suboxone though.
What is more effective in screening for drugs a hair follicle urine or blood drug test?
Answer: It depends on what information is needed. Hair tests can give a longer history of drug use than urine or blood. Urine tests can detect certain substances from anywhere to several hours or up to a month after use. Blood tests show what substances are currently active in the bloodstream and in what amount.
Also, there are many types of urine drug tests, some more accurate than others. Most of the urine tests that are used for employment and for law enforcement (including court officer testing) have a a larger margin for false negative and false positive than is common knowledge.
Does a positive urine test show faster

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.611225
Retrieved Text: Do you know clearly about your kidney condition? Does it go well or bad? If you have the following three symptoms, it means your disease is worsening. They are anemia, nausea, vomiting, abnormal urine output, and gout or hyperuricemia.
Do you know clearly about your kidney condition? Does it go well or bad? If you have the following three symptoms, it means your disease is worsening.
Besides filtering waste products and excess fluid out of body, kidneys also secrete erythropoietin to make red blood cells, thereby with kidney disease, it is likely for you to suffer from anemia.
Meanwhile the deterioration of kidney disease can also cause nausea and vomiting, especially in the morning. At this time, kidneys show a loss of function in urine concentration, which can increase urine output at night so that a lot of fluid is lost in the evening, leading to blood concentration. When you get up in the morning, blood urea level will be very high. High BUN can stimulate your stomach. Therefore, nausea and vomiting easily occur.
For healthy people, they urinate 6-8 times a day, and urine volume is about 1500-2000ml. If you urinate too many or too less urine output, you should pay attention to your kidney function.
When your kidney disease becomes worse, the filtration function of kidneys, permeability and blood flow will decrease. Due to renal parenchyma ischemia, more renin will be produced, which can stimulate adrenal cortex to secrete more aldosterone, leading to the increased absorption of renal tubule to water and sodium. As a result, your urine output

########
Rank: 3
Score: 36.624275
Retrieved Text: During the past year my five-year-old daughter has kept getting urine infections.
We took her to the doctors and after having urine samples taken and tested, our doctor referred her to the hospital where she had tests done.
They showed she had a small scar on one of her kidneys.
I just want to know how this is going to affect her now or in later life. We have just found out she's starting to get infections again.
Children who experience repeated urine infections often have some underlying problem involving the kidneys, ureters (the tubes carrying urine from the kidney to the bladder) or the urethra (through which urine flows out from the bladder).
The urine tests your daughter had should have identified any defect in this part of her body, which would have made it more likely for her to develop urine infections.
The scarring on her kidney may have resulted from infected urine flowing backwards from her bladder, up towards the kidney - a condition known as reflux nephropathy.
If the tests identify this problem, the doctor looking after your daughter will probably recommend that she takes a low dose of antibiotic every day for months, possibly years, in order to prevent her from developing more urine infections and so protect her kidneys from any further scarring.
If there is only a small area of scarring on one kidney this may not affect the overall functioning of the kidney, but some children with scarring will go on to develop high blood pressure, the risk being greater if both kidneys are affected.
Because of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 36.3903
Retrieved Text: With more employers demanding pre-employment drug tests and developing random drug-testing policies, the length of time drugs stay in the system has drawn more attention from employers, employees and Internet searchers alike.
As the abuse of prescription drugs reaches epidemic levels in the U.S., prompting a corresponding hike in drugged-driving incidents, the window of time that drugs can be detected in chemical testing can be critical information for both law enforcement and defendants in any resulting court proceedings.
The problem is that an exact timetable for how long drugs remain detectable in urine, blood, and saliva tests is almost impossible to determine, due to the many factors that can affect how an individual's body processes or metabolizes drugs.
Drug detection times can be affected by each person's metabolic rate, which can vary widely. Metabolic rates, in turn, can be affected by the person's age and certain health conditions. The higher the metabolic rate, the shorter the time a drug can be detected in the body.
Hydration levels, body mass, physical activity, and drug tolerance can also affect how long drugs will be detectable. Drug detection times can be much longer for people with increased fatty tissues, because of some drugs, or their metabolites, tend to accumulate in those tissues.
On the other hand, if someone has built up a tolerance to a drug, the length of time it can be detected in the system can become very short, because it tends to metabolize more quickly.
Another key factor in drug detection time is the amount and frequency of the drug's use. One-Time

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.01046
Retrieved Text: Owing to dialysis is common and effective treatment to deal with kidney disease, patients with stage 4 kidney failure want to know how long can they live on it.
How long can they live on dialysis main depends on various illness condition because the illness condition is different from one to another. The urine output is essential indication to measure kidney function, if patients still have urine output, this means that there is still have kidney function left, patients can keep away from dialysis with proper treatment to a large degree, if patients have little or not urine at all, this indicates that patients almost no urine kidney function, in this condition, patients have to rely on dialysis to replace kidney function and to maintain life.
Patients should care more about the improvement of life expectancy than the exact answer of life expectancy of stage 4 kidney failure. The improvement of stage 4 kidney failure on dialysis is avoiding some complications, however, patients always come cross some complications since they start to undergo dialysis. In this case, the most fundamental way for this is to help patients avoid dialysis. What should patients do to avoid dialysis?
The natural treatments in Beijing Tongshantang Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine can do great favor for patients who want to avoid dialysis. Micro-Chinese Medicine Osmotherapy is a natural therapy, which makes it possible to have less adverse effects to patients.
Firstly, this therapy can dilate blood vessels and activate blood circulation, so as to regulate blood pressure and relive ischemia and anoxia, increase urine

########
Rank: 6
Score: 35.25669
Retrieved Text: IgA Nephropathy is a relatively common kidney disease. It affects millions of people worldwide. It is a disease that affects the filters, or glomeruli, of the kidneys. IgA is characterized by the hematuria it causes, which just means blood in the urine. This blood may be visible to the naked eye or only seen under a microscope. Over time this disease can damage the kidney’s ability to clean the blood properly. Most people with this disease lose kidney function very slowly, or not at all.
IgA Nephropathy is named for the deposits of IgA that can be seen stuck in the kidney filters when viewed under a microscope. IgA is an immunoglobulin– a normal component of a healthy immune system. These components normally attach themselves to infection in the body and trigger the immune response. This works to eliminate the infection. In this disease, a defective form of IgA gets bound to another IgA molecule instead of an infection. This forms an immune complex. This immune complex can become stuck in the kidney. Here it activates the immune system just like it would if it were fighting off infection. The immune system activation causes swelling and damage to the kidney itself. This disease may be suspected from certain symptoms (see below). However, a diagnosis of IgA Nephropathy requires a kidney biopsy. The sample of kidney can then be viewed under a microscope and the diagnosis confirmed.
First, a quick look at the kidney. Most people have two kidneys, one on each side of their lower back. All of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 35.20805
Retrieved Text: Our body removes the waste and toxins via urine. It is expected that the body releases a certain urine amount each day, depending on the amount of liquid taken. What is a normal urine output? It is equal to 800-2000 ml per day, when a person takes around 2 liters of water or any other fluid during the day. Yet, the amount can vary from person to person. When there is scanty urination, it is a sign of a medical condition that can be either mild or serious. Anyway, when first signs of unusual changes are observed, a person is to seek medical assistance.
Scanty urine output may occur due to different reasons. Some of them are not dangerous, while others require professional treatment. Guessing which one you have is of no use as secondary symptoms may be absent. We offer you to look through the list of possible causes to see what you should expect to hear at a doctor’s office.
This is the most common cause, which is also the safest one. In most cases a person produces less urine just because of dehydration. Dehydration may be caused by such minor conditions like diarrhea and fever that make the body unable replace the fluids that are drawn out of it. When cases of fever or diarrhea occur, make sure you drink enough water to avoid dehydration complications.
What kinds of infections can lead to scanty urination? Doctors talk of a severe infection that make the body enter the shock state that adds to the reduction of the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 35.02236
Retrieved Text: You chose the *Basic version of the Blood Volume Calculator.
Females will generally have a lower blood volume than males, as will children and small adults. Blood volume levels can be an indicator in many diseases and conditions and can change for a variety of reasons.
Doctors may also use a blood volume test before a blood transfusion, to check fluid levels before or after a medical procedure and to evaluate blood and fluid status before kidney dialysis. Pregnancy can also affect blood volume, so it’s important that pregnant women be monitored for conditions such as anemia over the course of each trimester.
Your kidneys are the major regulators of blood volume. As blood volume rises, the kidneys receive a hormonal signal that tells them to cut back on water absorption. This leads to a higher output of water and other blood materials through the urine, thereby decreasing blood volume. If blood volume drops too low, the kidneys will absorb more to bring it back up. Poor kidney health or kidney failure can both affect your blood volume.
Supporting kidney health helps to ensure that your blood is healthy as well. Choose fresh, whole foods such as fruits, vegetables and whole grains over processed foods and cut back on your salt intake to keep your kidneys functioning properly. Controlling blood pressure and cholesterol are also important factors. If you smoke, are overweight or are largely sedentary, you may be compromising your kidneys’ ability to keep your blood volume balanced.
This calculator gives a general indication of blood volume and the results

########
Rank: 9
Score: 34.878063
Retrieved Text: What is urine to your body?
Mainly containing water and soluble waste compounds, urine is an excretory product of the body’s metabolic processes.
Types/categories of urine according to colour.
Categorized as either normal or abnormal, the urine you excrete could be of different colourations; yellow, cloudy,dark coloured or plain clear.
Depending on factors such as ; diet choices, the amount of water in your system and beverage consumption, medication and diseases.
Urine colour manifests whatever state of health your body is in.
Healthy urine is straw, light yellow in colour and has a light odour, a slight stench of ammonia.
Causes of the different colours in urine.
Whenever you see dark yellow coloured urine, it is because the ratio of waste substances, usually nitrogenous products, in your urine is more than the water carrying it. In extreme cases, dark yellow urine has an irritating stench due to the chemical composition in it. Such a strong stench may be a manifestation of infection of the urinary tract.
Medication,another is another cause of yellow coloured urine. Since medications contain a lot of chemical composition in them, it influences heavily the colouration of your urine. Medications such as blood thinners, laxatives and vitamin B and vitamin C supplements have a strong influence on the colour of your urine. Others that are quinine derived also do cause yellow colouration Combined with the effect diseases have on your body, your urine could turn out darker.
Diseases and health conditions that affect your body, mainly your urinary tract and liver also do cause yellow colouration. Haemolytic anaemia, caused by degradation of red

########
Rank: 10
Score: 34.845947
Retrieved Text: With use of this professional UV black light kit, you can find those hidden soiled spots like urine, feces, and vomit stains that can be hidden from the naked eye. This powerful 10 watt UV light is made to be durable and will work in daylight so you don't have to make the room dark to find the stains. This kit comes with 2 lithium ion rechargeable batteries, a charger, and a pouch so you know the light will always be charged and near you when your are ready to use it. This is a great tool for professional carpet cleaners to make sure their surfaces are thoroughly cleaned.
Customers who were interested in the S.O.S. Portable UV Black Light Flashlight Pet Urine & Stain Detection Kit were also interested in the following items.
This is a review for the S.O.S. Portable UV Black Light Flashlight Pet Urine & Stain Detection Kit.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 34.71627
Retrieved Text: Protein In Urine During Pregnancy – What Does It Mean?
Protein in urine is referred to as proteinuria.
A small amount of protein in urine during pregnancy can be normal.
Larger amounts of protein during early pregnancy can point to an infection of some type.
Later in pregnancy, if excess protein is found in urine, it can indicate a more serious complication is developing, such as preeclampsia.
Find out more about what protein in the urine means for most women.
Why Test For Protein In Urine?
Routine prenatal urine tests are performed to screen for infection or other conditions which may cause complications for mothers and babies if left untreated.
Testing for protein in a pregnant woman’s urine (proteinuria) helps care providers to make sure kidney function is normal, as well as making sure there are no other conditions that may need further investigation.
Usually you would expect a urine test to be requested at your first prenatal appointment and then periodically at future prenatal visits.
Discuss with your doctor if you don’t wish to do the urine testing, as you may have risk factors which mean early detection of certain conditions would be beneficial.
How Is Urine Tested For Protein?
Your care provider will ask you to provide a midstream urine sample in a sterile plastic cup.
A testing stick with a specially treated chemical strip is placed in the urine. The strip will change colour depending on the presence of protein in the urine. It also shows how much protein is present, ranging from low (traces) to high (excess).
If the test detects low traces of protein, this

########
Rank: 12
Score: 34.50213
Retrieved Text: What is a urine calcium test?
A urine calcium test is done to measure how much calcium is passed out of the body through urine. The test is also known as the urinary Ca+2 test.
Calcium is one of the most common minerals in the body. All cells throughout the body use calcium for various functions. The body uses calcium to build and repair bones and teeth. Calcium also helps nerves, the heart, and muscles function properly, and helps blood to clot.
Most of the calcium in the body is stored in bones. The remainder is found in the blood.
When calcium levels in the blood get too low, the bones release enough calcium to bring the level in the blood back to normal. When calcium levels get too high, the surplus of calcium is either stored in bones or expelled from the body through your urine or stool.
Often, people who have high or low levels of calcium don’t show any symptoms, especially if the calcium levels change slowly. Calcium levels need to be extremely high or extremely low, or changing quickly, to show symptoms.
Why is the urine calcium test performed?
A blood calcium test is usually more accurate in detecting certain conditions like specific bone diseases, pancreatitis, and hyperparathyroidism.
How do you prepare for the urinary calcium test?
In preparation for the urinary calcium test, your doctor may instruct you to stop taking medications that could affect the test results. In addition, your doctor may ask you to follow a diet with a specific level of calcium for several days leading up

########
Rank: 13
Score: 34.139328
Retrieved Text: Question: I have PKD. My creatinine level is 3.5 and BUN 53. All electrolytes are still in normal range. GFR is 14. I still feel okay. I work full time and have not missed any work due to my kidney issues. My nephrologist is wanting me to start dialysis, but I do not feel I am quite ready. I do not know what to do?
Answer: Generally speaking, when GFR is less than 15, dialysis should be started in case that high toxin concentration in the blood can affect all systems of body to threaten your life. That is why your doctor want to put you on dialysis. But from your said, we can see that you are well-tolerant to those toxins so that you do not have so many symptoms and complications. Therefore, you can put off dialysis for a period of time, during which you should start treatment to lower toxin concentration in blood and protect the residual kidney function. And you should also shrink kidney cysts and stop their growth.
This treatment can increase your urine output and bowel movement to remove waste products from body. During the treatment, you will have a lot of sweat, with which wastes can be passed out of body as well. With treatment going on, toxin concentration in blood will reduce. After about one week’s treatment, a lot of floccules will come out of body with urine. After about half month’s treatment, your creatinine level will decrease at least 10%.
This is an external therapy which can infiltrate active ingredients

########
Rank: 14
Score: 34.134174
Retrieved Text: Arrangements Unlimited – Abilities of patients’ consciousness in a problem of important danger.
Home/features/Abilities of patients’ consciousness in a problem of important danger.
Abilities of patients’ consciousness in a problem of important danger.
So many occasions, medical doctors, and nurses generally concentration within the bodily areas of a patient’s well remaining. Additionally, there are other cognitive elements to acquire into account once the affected person is at critical chance. In response to recent reports, it is usually sharp that lots of nurses have no idea the causes together with the underlying mechanisms that generate diverse levels of consciousness. This alterations ought to be obvious inside the patient’s identity. For example, hypoglycemia, hypercapnia, hypoxia, aggressive and abrupt behaviors and drugs aspect consequences as an example in benzodiazepines, anxiolytics, opioids.
Individuals affected by hypoxia have minimal oxygen concentrations of their tissues. It may be terribly perilous when still left untreated since it leads to a deficiency in oxygen levels while in the blood stream as well as the full system. Conversely, hypercapnia could be the position where a individual has surplus carbon dioxide (CO2) in their blood. When these kinds i was reading this of situations occur it is necessary to present the patients oxygen well before the specific situation will get from hand. It largely comes about to people with long-term obstructive pulmonary sickness. They have a tendency to need a controlled oxygen treatment due to the fact they are really at risk of developing respiratory acidosis which could be life-threatening as a result of they maintain superior amounts of CO2.
A

########
Rank: 15
Score: 34.127583
Retrieved Text: In addition to diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and vascular disease, there are other conditions that affect the kidneys and impact a person's quality of life. This post focuses on the high-level inflammatory syndromes, polycystic kidney disease, and the management of conditions that can block the flow of urine and prevent the kidneys from emptying completely.
By now, you should be starting to understand the significant role that inflammation plays in kidney disease. There may be a difference, however, in the levels of inflammation associated with certain conditions. Different diseases can have different levels of inflammation. For example, cancer is associated with a very high level of inflammation. Certain kinds of infections and conditions like lupus and rheumatoid arthritis can also have very high levels of inflammation.
The conditions discussed here, glomerulonephritis (glo-mair-ulo-nefry-tis), or GN, vasculitis (Vas-q-ly-tis), and the nephrotic (nef-ra-tik) syndrome, or NS, can be associated with very high levels of inflammation, as well. One characteristic of these conditions is that treating them often requires the use medications that can radically affect the immune system. For example, chemotherapy is often used to treat cancer. Chemotherapy-like medications that can "lower" the immune system response are often used to treat the debilitating forms of lupus and rheumatoid arthritis. Similar medications may be used for bad cases of GN, vasculitis, and NS; these can also affect the immune system.
All three of these conditions are general categories that refer to a large group of many different conditions. This section focuses on general principles concerning diagnosis and treatment.
If you recall, the glomerulus (glo-mare-ul-iss) is

########
Rank: 16
Score: 33.92821
Retrieved Text: Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN) causes inflammation (swelling) in the kidneys. Children with MPGN have blood and protein in their urine, and may have swelling in their body, especially around their face and legs. MPGN may lead to other complications, including high blood pressure (hypertension). Some children need to stay in hospital and/or take medicines. All children are carefully monitored by a team of healthcare professionals, and will need to go back to the hospital clinic for follow-up appointments.
The bladder is a bag that stores urine until we are ready to urinate (have a wee). It sits low down in the tummy area.
Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN) is a type of glomerulonephritis, a group of conditions that affect the kidneys. Inside the kidneys, there are many tiny filters called glomeruli. They help to remove extra water, salt and waste, which are passed out of the body as urine. They also make sure the body keeps what it needs, such as blood cells, protein and other important chemicals.
In MPGN, a protein called complement is deposited, or put, on the glomeruli. MPGN is also called mesangiocapillary glomerulonephritis (MCGN). We will refer to the condition as MPGN throughout this topic.
MPGN may lead to blood pressure that is too high (hypertension).
RPGN is one cause of acute kidney injury (AKI) – when the kidneys quickly stop working as well as they should, over a short time.
MPGN can happen in people of all ages, though it is more common in people under 30, especially children. It often starts in older children or teenagers. MPGN can sometimes

########
Rank: 17
Score: 33.889317
Retrieved Text: Diabetes is a serious disease that can affect your eyes, heart, nerves, feet and kidneys. Understanding how diabetes affects your body is important. It can help you follow your treatment plan and stay as healthy as possible.
How do health problems from diabetes begin?
If your diabetes is not well controlled, the sugar level in your blood goes up. This is called “hyperglycemia” (high blood sugar). High blood sugar can cause damage to very small blood vessels in your body. Imagine what happens to sugar when it is left unwrapped overnight. It gets sticky. Now imagine how sugar “sticks” to your small blood vessels and makes it hard for blood to get to your organs. Damage to blood vessels occurs most often in the eyes, heart, nerves, feet, and kidneys. Let’s look at how this damage happens.
Eyes. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for a long time can harm the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. This can result in vision problems or blindness.
Heart. High blood sugar may also harm larger blood vessels in your body that supply oxygen to your heart and brain. Fat can build up in the blood vessels as well. This can lead to a heart attack or stroke.
Nerves. Nerves carry important messages between your brain and other parts of your body. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for many years can damage the blood vessels that bring oxygen to some nerves. Damaged nerves may stop sending pain signals.
Feet. Diabetes can harm your feet in two ways. First, it can

########
Rank: 18
Score: 33.835915
Retrieved Text: Hypokalemia (hypo-low, kal-potassium-emia-blood) is a deficiency of potassium in the blood plasma, the straw coloured, liquid part of the blood which makes up approximately 55% of the blood volume. Also known as kalium (with the symbol K), cats obtain potassium through their diet. Over 90% of potassium is located within the body’s cells (intracellular), the remainder is present in the extracellular fluid of the blood. Kidneys control levels of potassium by excreting excess out of the body via the urine.
Maintains the body’s electrolyte balance and acid/alkali levels in cells and tissues.
It plays an important role in heart, skeletal, and smooth muscle contraction (including the heart). Transmitting messages from the nerves to the muscles, making it important for normal heart, digestive, and muscular function.
Transports nutrients into cells and removes wastes from cells.
By far, the most common cause of hypokalemia in cats is a loss of potassium due to increased potassium excretion in cats with chronic kidney disease (CRD). Vomiting is common in cats with CRF which also leads to further losses.
Decreased potassium intake, due to a diet low in potassium, insufficient amounts of food, loss of appetite, or inadequate diet.
Gastrointestinal loss due to prolonged vomiting and/or diarrhea.
Urinary loss of potassium due to chronic kidney disease, diabetes and certain medications such as furosemide.
Diabetes due to decreased appetite and increased urination.
Hyperthyroidism has been linked to hypokalemia, but the exact mechanism isn’t known.
Post obstructive diuresis in cats who have had urinary blockages treated. Once the obstruction is removed, urine output will increase. The kidneys are able to resume their job

########
Rank: 19
Score: 33.755795
Retrieved Text: Muscle cramping is commonly seen in people with dialysis, patients tend to occur in the hands, arms and legs as well. Why do patients with dialysis will experience muscle cramping.
The cause of cramping is still unknown, but, the following condition will increase cramping, including low blood pressure, the patients being below dry weight as well as low sodium.
Low blood pressure occur when much fluid is removed from the blood during dialysis, which causes pressure to drop. And muscle cramping is commonly associated with low blood pressure. Patients who undergo dialysis will suffer from dehydration. Patients experience muscle cramping is due to dehydration.
In generally, patients are prescribed with saline to increase the fluid in your body and relive muscle cramping. Additionally, heat and message for the cramping can ease the pain. In order to avoid muscle cramping, also limit the sodium intake strictly. You also should maintain a balance between your dry weight and fluid gains, avoiding the foods that make you thirty.
However, the above approaches can not solve the problems fundamentally, the pivotal treatment is to find out a regular treatment to deal with the common problems of dialysis. The natural treatment in Beijing Tongshantang Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine is a treatment which not only can alleviate the common side effects of dialysis, but also can help patients have less dialysis or even stop dialysis. The key point to avoid dialysis is to increase urine output. How to increase urine output? If you want to know more details about the natural treatments, you can send

########
Rank: 20
Score: 33.71389
Retrieved Text: Pre-eclampsia, or toxemia, is a blood pressure condition that only occurs during pregnancy or very soon after birth. It almost always begins after week 20 and more often after week 30.
Its main characteristics are high blood pressure and protein in urine and there are several other symptoms. However, many women with pre-eclampsia can feel perfectly well, particularly in the early stages of the illness. This is unfortunate as if left untreated, the condition can pose a serious risk to both mum and baby.
A simple urine test can pick up the condition and proper pre-natal care can prevent more serious complications developing, so it’s important to be alert to the warning signs and attend all your pre-natal checks.
Pre-eclampsia prevents the placenta from working properly, limiting the supply of food and oxygen to baby and may also affect the mum’s kidneys, liver, lungs, brain and blood clotting system. As the name suggests, pre-eclampsia may develop into full eclampsia, leading to fits and coma, and may be fatal, but this is thankfully very rare.
Before you start to panic, remember that most women with pre-eclampsia go on to deliver healthy babies. And the chances of you getting it at all are fairly low – between 3 and 5% of pregnancies are affected by it.
What are the signs of pre-eclampsia?
As some women can experience no obvious symptoms of pre-eclampsia, it’s essential to go to your regular pregnancy health checks to have your blood pressure and urine checked. There are other reasons why you may have high blood pressure or protein in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 33.57421
Retrieved Text: Drug Class: What is Hctz and why is it prescribed?
Hctz Mechanism: How does Hydrochlorothiazide work?
Hctz Dosage: How should you take Hydrocholothiazide?
Generic Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic (water pill). Generic Hydrochlorothiazide is used in the treatment of high blood pressure and other conditions that require the elimination of excess fluid (water) from the body. These conditions include congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, corticosteroid and estrogen therapy, and kidney disorders.
When used for high blood pressure, Generic Hydrochlorothiazide can be used alone or with other high blood pressure medications. Generic Hydrochlorothiazide contains a form of thiazide, a diuretic that prompts your body to produce and eliminate more urine, which helps lower blood pressure.
Generic Hydrochlorothiazide works by blocking salt and fluid reabsorption in the kidneys, causing increased urine output (diuresis). Generic Hydrochlorothiazide has also been used in treating mild high blood pressure, even though the mechanism of blood pressure loweringis not well understood.
Generic Hydrochlorothiazide may be taken with or without food. Take Generic Hydrochlorothiazide exactly as prescribed by your doctor.
If you miss a dose Generic Hydrochlorothiazide: If you forget a Generic Hydrochlorothiazide dose, take it as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose of Generic Hydrochlorothiazide, skip the one you missed and go back to your regular schedule. Never take 2 doses of Generic Hydrochlorothiazide at the same time.
Storage instructions for Generic Hydrochlorothiazide: Keep container tightly closed. Protect from light, moisture, and freezing cold. Store at room temperature.
Tablets: Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg, Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg, Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 50 mg, Generic Hydrochlorothiazide 100

########
Rank: 22
Score: 33.570873
Retrieved Text: Hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) is a condition that affects the blood and blood vessels. It results in the destruction of blood platelets (cells involved in clotting), a low red blood cell count (anemia) and kidney failure due to damage to the very small blood vessels of the kidneys. Other organs, such as the brain or heart, may also be affected by damage to very small blood vessels.
Are there different types of HUS?
Yes. HUS is considered a syndrome because it is a combination of findings that may have different causes. In most cases, HUS occurs after a severe bowel infection with certain toxic strains of the bacteria called E. coli. It may also occur in response to certain medicines, but this is rare. Even more rarely, HUS occurs for unknown reasons. This fact sheet primarily focuses on the type of HUS that occurs in infants and children as a result of an E. coli infection.
HUS generally occurs in children who have had an illness involving diarrhea (usually bloody). Most children fully recover from their bowel illness without developing HUS. However, a small percentage will become pale and have less energy, due to the progression to HUS. Their urine output may also decrease, but a loss of color in the skin is the most striking symptom.
HUS from E. coli infections results when bacterial toxins cross from the intestines into the bloodstream and damage the very small blood vessels. The toxic E. coli may come from eating spoiled, undercooked or poorly processed food products, or from exposure to contaminated

########
Rank: 23
Score: 33.552826
Retrieved Text: may also be found in drinking water and other beverages.
nephrons regulate the volume of water excreted in the urine.
500 milliliters per day when the body is dehydrated.
reabsorbed and more urine produced.
disorders resulting from water imbalance.
ing osmotic reabsorption oF water and increasing urine volume.
By what routes does the body lose water?
What is the primary regulator oF water loss?
What types oF water loss are unavoidable?
How does the hypothalamus regulate water balance?
electrolytes From all sources equals the output oF electrolytes.
uid becomes osmotically more concentrated.
4. Blood carries ADH to the kidneys.
6. Urine output decreases, and Further water loss is minimized.
uid becomes osmotically less concentrated.
2. This change stimulates osmoreceptors in the hypothalamus.
3. The posterior pituitary gland decreases ADH release.
4. Renal tubules decrease water reabsorption.
5. Urine output increases, and excess water is excreted.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 33.53578
Retrieved Text: Urolithiasis is an abnormal condition in which urinary calculi (urinary stones) forms anywhere in the urinary system. The calculi so formed consist of formation of kidney stones (nephrolithiasis), formation of stones within uterus (ureterolithiasis) and formation of bladder stones (cystolithiasis). These stones develop because of decreased volume of urine or increased excretion of stone-forming components like oxalate, urate, phosphate, calcium, xanthine and cystine. The size of stones vary from patients to patients, it can range from tiny staghorn stones to the size of renal pelvis.
In Urolithiasis, urinary stones are primarily classified either by location or chemical composition like uric acid, struvite, calcium-containing and other similar compounds.
Patients suffering from this disorder experience severe pain which happens suddenly. Pain is intermittent and does not improve, even after changes in position. The pain exudes from the back, goes down the flank into the groin.
Men excrete more calcium and less citrate, which increases their risk to this disease.
The most common symptoms are vomiting and nausea. Ureteral or renal colic, blood in urine, infection in urinary tract and abdominal pain are some other symptoms.
After treatment, most of the urinary stones pass within 48 hours while some might not. There are various factors that affect the ability to pass out stones from the urinary system like size of the patient, prior stone passage, pregnancy, prostate enlargement and the size of the stone.
In case urinary stones don’t pass, a urology specialist is required for implementing certain procedures.
Individuals from African, Israeli and North American background are more likely to get affected by Urolithiasis.
Certain regions

########
Rank: 25
Score: 33.414314
Retrieved Text: • Straining (often pets appear to be constipated).
• Squatting frequently and passing small amounts of urine.
• Urinating in inappropriate places.
• Pain on touching the abdomen.
WHAT MAY OCCUR WITH FLUTD?
• Inflammation of the bladder (Cystitis).
• Inflammation of the tube running from the urinary bladder to outside the body (Urethritis).
• Mucous, Crystals and Stones in the bladder and urethra.
Although there are several theories about what causes FLUTD it is still unknown. Bacteria, obesity, stress; inactivity, viruses, genetic predisposition and diet have all been incriminated.
Magnesium: High levels of magnesium in the urine and increased concentration of magnesium can provide favourable conditions for crystals to form in the bladder.
Urine pH: The pH (level of acidity/alkalinity) of the urine is an important factor in whether or not crystals will form. The nature of the food eaten, meal frequency and effects of bacterial infections affect urine pH. Crystals are less likely to form in acid urine.
the crystals, and should also help maintain the urine pH in a desirable, acid state. We have a range of Prescription Diet brand products that meet these requirements. They are a convenient, nutritionally complete, ready to feed formulation and are used as a complete replacement of your cat’s current food.
We recommend ringing immediately for an appointment for a recheck if straining, passing blood in urine or urinating in appropriate places occur.
The vets will probably schedule rechecks during/after the initial treatment period because recurrences are common in the first 48 hours and in the first three weeks.
1. Providing fresh clean water.
2. Changing litter box daily.
3. Feed only special

########
Rank: 26
Score: 33.289417
Retrieved Text: How the Urinary Tract Works?
The ureter is a muscular tube that transfers urine from the kidney to the bladder. It is about 10 inches long, with the upper half in the belly and the lower half in the pelvic area. But what happens when the ureter becomes blocked?
Extrinsic obstruction of the ureter is caused when organs press against the ureter, causing a blockage in the ureter. This affects the flow of urine out of the ureter. After some time, urine can build up, which can hurt the kidney.
These studies will often show where the blockage is, and may be able to pinpoint the cause. Urine and blood tests can also be used to find out how well the kidneys are working.
A ureteral stent: a thin, hollow plastic tube is placed between the kidney and bladder, holding the ureter open to allow urine to drain.
Nephrostomy: a catheter is placed (guided by X-ray or ultrasound) through the skin into the kidney to drain urine.
After relief of the blockage, laparoscopic or open surgery may be performed to permanently relieve the blockage.
The results can vary. Any kidney damage caused by the blockage can be lasting. But if the cause is found and treated early, the harm may be brief. If only 1 kidney is affected, the other kidney often keeps working well enough so that kidney failure does not happen.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 33.24841
Retrieved Text: In order to purchase the most affordable types of life insurance policies, you will need to take a medical exam. Insurance companies look to determine whether or not you are more likely to get illnesses like diabetes, stroke, cancer, heart disease, and many others before you are issued a policy.
The insurance provider you are looking to get a policy from will also be working with a company that will send out a certified medical professional, called a paramed, to conduct medical tests and do an interview. Using the test results they get, the insurance provider will create a risk assessment. The risk assessment is used to determine whether or not it is in the provider's best interest to provide insurance coverage to you, and at what price. If you are determined by the exam to be a higher risk, you may pay higher premiums.
In some ways, the medical exam that you receive is similar to what you would expect from getting an exam or physical at a doctor's office. Your height and weight will be measured, your blood pressure will be taken, and additionally, urine and blood samples are a part of the deal. Afterward, you will be asked to confirm the answers that you provided on the health questionnaire that you filled out before they arrived, as part of your application.
For older applicants, you may be asked to take an EKG, which is a test for your heart. In addition, older applicants may be required to take a prostate-specific antigen test.
If you are a smoker,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 33.234276
Retrieved Text: Home / Nutrition / Coffee / Does Coffee Dehydrate You More Than It Hydrates You?
Drinking at least one cup of coffee in the morning is part of a typical morning routine for over 80% of Americans. The caffeine in coffee, tea or soda can act as a stimulant to the nervous system which helps us feel more alert. In general, a cup or two of coffee per day is well tolerated by most adults.
However, there is individual variance for sensitivity to caffeine.
Some side effects of caffeine can include an increased heart rate, feeling jittery or trouble sleeping at night. Caffeine withdrawal can also happen when you stop caffeine intake.
This can cause feeling of low energy or headaches.
Another side effect of caffeine is it can increase urine output. Therefore, it is commonly said that drinking coffee (or other caffeinated beverages) will dehydrate you.
However, this is an over generalization. Research studies looking at the effect on drinking coffee and urine output suggest drinking moderate amounts of coffee won’t dehydrate you.
That doesn’t mean you have the green light to drink as much caffeine as you want.
Moderate consumption is recommended, and health experts still advise most of your fluids should come from water first.
Can caffeine increase urine output? Yes. However, the amount it increases urine output is less than the amount of fluid in your cup of coffee.
In other words, drinking caffeine from coffee won’t make you urinate more than the fluid in your coffee.
A 2014 study (1) set out to test the presumption that coffee causes dehydration. Researchers gave

########
Rank: 29
Score: 33.219486
Retrieved Text: What is Proteinuria During Pregnancy?
How do doctors test for Proteinuria in pregnancy?
Urine is a mix of waste urea, ions, water, and proteins too! A non-pregnant normal woman or human too secrets protein in the urine. Conception changes the urine composition doubling protein secreted in urine.
Proteinuria during pregnancy is the condition when the level of proteins increases beyond 300 mg/24 hours in urine. While a slight increase isn’t a cause to worry, higher levels of protein in the urine during pregnancy sign kidney disease.
Inflammation of kidney or units inside it can hamper the reabsorption of protein from the urine produced. Kidneys produce urine in the smaller functional units and store them in collecting ducts.
Depending on the change in ion balance and hydration reabsorb ions and water back. That’s the reason you not drinking water can help to avoid nature’s call for extended periods.
Your kidneys are not 100% efficient in reabsorbing all the proteins back. At times some of the filtrate from blood reaching the kidneys may get proteins. Primarily it is albumin that escapes into the urine filtrate.
When you are pregnant, the blood flow reaching the kidneys is higher than before pregnancy. As the speed of blood passing through kidney increases the error probability also increases. More proteins can slide past the filters of the kidney.
Proteinuria in pregnant women also hints at impending complications in the course of pregnancy. Kidney dysfunction, infection or HELLP syndrome are some causes of the abnormal release of proteins in urine.
Pregnancy hormones can alter the balance of solutes and fluids in the

================



======= Instance Index 32 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The bird picks a tree
- The bird collects twigs and other refuse
- The bird makes a flat base with twigs
- The bird makes sides with twigs and other things
- The bird adds softer material to the inside
- The nest is done.

Question:
suppose the weather is bad happens, how will it affect MORE/LARGER nests.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 28.20379
Retrieved Text: As we've covered previously, the aggregate-demand aggregate-supply model is a useful tool for helping us understand what's going on in an economy. But it can get pretty complicated.
1. Suppose our nation's scientists invent new internet tools, raising productivity and making consumers and investors optimistic about future inventions as well.
2. The economy experiences a year of excellent weather for growing crops, and the government cuts back on spending.
3. Suppose there is a war in the Middle East which reduces the supply of oil, and suppose the central bank then reduces the growth rate of the money supply.
All three scenarios include multiple shocks to the economy. Do you think that the fundamental factors of production have been changed? Is inflation affected? What do you think will happen to the LRAS, SRAS, and AD curves in each?
Think through each case carefully and then watch the video to check your intuition!
Today, we'll walk through three examples of what happens to an economy in the short run when it experiences multiple shocks. We'll track more than one shock at a time because that's what happens in the real world.
First, suppose our nation's scientists invent many new Internet tools, raising productivity and making consumers and investors optimistic about future inventions as well. Let's take it one shock at a time.
So the fact that scientists created a new invention -- that's great news for the economy. This marks a change to the fundamental factors of production, a positive technological shock which will cause the "LRAS" curve -- our North Star -- to shift

########
Rank: 1
Score: 25.954554
Retrieved Text: We live in Appalachia and there is a definite learning curve to living in Appalachia. One of those curves is driving in the mountains. The weather changes like … One minute it’s clear and then it rains only to clear a minute later then go through a tunnel to come out to a thick fog. You learn to adapt, there is no choice. I suppose you can choose not to adapt to your surroundings and demand that it changes for you. Yep, let me know how that works. If you want to get anywhere you had better get use to dealing with adapting.
So, my daughter got her learners permit and is in the process of accumulating the needed hours for her license. Her idea is to accumulate those hours in town on nice days. Ahhh, wouldn’t it be nice to always be around familiar surroundings and never had to deal with bad weather? No. Actually it wouldn’t because you would never get anywhere, as in, you never become more. You never improve if you never are challenged. The more you struggle, the stronger you become is only true if you endure. If you quit the only thing that happens is repeated mistakes because there is no learning. Get it? Improvement takes effort.
For my daughter, this meant she would be driving with me down the mountain in the rain. Why? Because it rains. As much I would like it to never rain on my children, it will. The best way to protect them is to face it

########
Rank: 2
Score: 25.332779
Retrieved Text: Paper wasp are from the family of Vespidae, and they construct nets made of paper-like materials. There are over 200 species of paper wasp in the world. Measuring between 1.9-3.2cm, they have narrow bodies, slender waist, and black wings. Their color depends largely on their species. There are brown wasps with yellow stripes on their abdomen, thorax, and head, and others are reddish.
These insects have a nest with various compartments where they lay eggs and care for their young. The nests which look like inverted umbrellas have no outer shells. Their cells are visible. Paper wasps build their nests on window sills, door frames, eaves of houses, branches of trees, old cloth line, etc. To make the nests, they use plants and animal fiber mixed with saliva and chewed into paper mache-like materials.
Paper wasp are of benefit to the environment in the sense that they help in pest control. They do this by feeding the pests to their larvae.
As agents of pollination, they feed on nectar and pollen grains. they also eat other live insects, caterpillars, flies, Beetle larvae, cricket, and other pests. The adults eat primarily sugary substances like juices form fruits and honeydew. Their larvae grow into adults and help them expand their nests.
In terms of behavior, they are calm insects. They only attack when they or their nests is threatened. When this happens, they can sting. Their stings are painful and may be fatal as it can produce an anaphylactic reaction on their victim.
The queen is longer than the other wasps by a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 25.306671
Retrieved Text: The quality of the weather data collected and delivered via NEWA is highly valued for crop production and IPM forecast applications. Maintain your weather station in good working condition according to the manufacturer’s recommendations for optimum data integrity. Below are tips for relative humidity and temperature sensors, precipitation (rain) gauges, leaf wetness sensors, wind speed anemometers, wind direction weather vanes, and solar radiation sensors.
Routinely inspect your weather station to make sure all sensors are clean, free of debris and in good working condition. It is recommended that you use a flashlight to check the motherboard for corrosion near plugs and capacitors especially if your station is near the ocean. Periodically clean the solar panels that power the battery with an alcohol wipe, but if none are available a soft, clean, damp cloth especially after spraying near the machine.
At least once per year, inspect cables and make certain mounting brackets, poles, posts, etc. are stable, vertical and sound and the instrument is securely fastened. Jostling during strong winds can affect radio transmission of data.
Sometimes, spiders or other insects will make nests inside of the support pole and radiation shield. To prevent this, cover the holes with duct tape or silicone sealer. DO NOT seal the Temp/RH shield.
Once a sensor goes bad, it cannot be repaired, only replaced. Most sensors have a 2 yr warranty and the solar panel has a 5 yr warranty, but they can last longer.
Protect weather instruments, sensors and cables from pruning, spraying and harvesting activities that may damage the sensors, cut cables, or

########
Rank: 4
Score: 25.290972
Retrieved Text: Welcome to winter! It has been unseasonably warm, and most of us are having a warm Christmas season. However, as most of our professional drivers know…this is the time of year when bad weather and road hazards increase. Our drivers do everything in their power to prevent accidents.
If you think tanker truck driving simply means driving safely and doing your job, then think again. Drivers must be able to anticipate problems and react appropriately.
Make sure your emergency equipment is on board, including items that would help in a weather-related situation.
Be aware of changing weather conditions and reduce your speed.
Never drive faster than you can see to react to sudden hazards, such as ice, dense fog or drifting snow.
Contact your driver manager. According to company policy, if weather conditions interfere with scheduling, alternate plans may be considered.
Wheels may lock up more easily during braking. This could lead to jackknife.
Normal or “usual” road hazards become more threatening when weather is bad. Use extra caution on bridges, railroad crossings, exit ramps, underpasses, construction zones, blind intersections.
Does my pre-trip inspection cover those items I will rely on if the weather gets bad?
Do I use a reasonable amount of caution in adverse weather?
Do I realize how my unsafe actions may affect others?
Have I considered how much an accident could cost my company?
How much downtime and loss of income will happen if I am involved in an accident?
How would an accident affect my family, my coworkers, and me?
How much/little time does it take to slow down and use extra caution?
Poor judgement, unpreparedness,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.099928
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.090635
Retrieved Text: This Thing finally forced me to update my OS. I had been ignoring it for quite a long time for reasons, mainly because I just didn’t want to deal with it. But I did it, and it’s not so bad after all. I guess. It’s a lot brighter than it had been, which I suppose isn’t really a complaint so much as an observation. And I don’t like how my weather app of choice displays after the update, but if the worst thing that happens is that I have to find a new (free) weather app, then it’s probably not a crisis. It’s probably barely even a #firstworldproblem.
I did do some of the stuff suggested in one of the Pocket Lint posts to prolong battery life; I haven’t seen a marked difference, but I think that’s just the nature of the beast. I’d like to update my phone’s OS as well, but it doesn’t currently have enough space on it, and I’m not sure I can fine enough things to delete. So that ship might have sailed.
So I guess that means I’m ready to start Thinging it up.
23 Moblie Things are finally here! Hooray!
I originally (more or less) started this blog with 23 Things On A Stick and then did 23 More Things as well. So I’m looking forward to the New Things.
My goal for this round will be to do all of the things and all of my posts–excepting this one–on my mobile device, since that’s really the whole purpose of the exercise. And I

########
Rank: 7
Score: 24.884125
Retrieved Text: How do I recognize a wasp?
There are several varieties of wasps in Canada, including the yellow jacket, hornet and paper wasp. Colour ranges from black to combinations of black with yellow, white or brown markings. The slim, winged body measures 10 to 15 mm (1/2″ to 3/4″).
Are wasps hazardous to humans?
Yes. A wasp sting, aside from being very painful can prove serious and sometimes fatal. If you suspect a reaction to a wasp sting report to your nearest hospital immediately.
No. Only the queens and workers possess an ovipositor (egg-laying tube) which forms the stinger. Normally the stinger is used to kill prey on which wasps and their larvae feed, but will use it on animals and man if provoked.
No. Since they feed on flies and other insects, they are considered beneficial. However, because they are attracted to sweet substances such as fresh fruit and juice their presence can prove to be a nuisance.
When are wasps most common?
During warm spring and summer months when workers are foraging for food.
When am I most likely to see wasps?
Wasps are most active during the daylight hours.
Where do you find wasps?
Wasps are social insects and build paper-like nests made from wood fibres and other plant material mixed with saliva. Nests can be found around buildings on verandas, under eaves, ceilings, attics or in trees and shrubs. Several varieties of wasp build nests underground.
What are their breeding habits? Do they multiply quickly?
The queen (female reproductive) lays all eggs. Most eggs develop into sterile workers. Late in the season, the queen produces eggs

########
Rank: 8
Score: 24.78156
Retrieved Text: In another brilliantly illustrated episode of After Skool, British philosopher Alan W. Watts, who previously posited that life should not be considered a journey because the end is not the primary goal and that happiness is always more valuable when it is sought, explained through a wonderful parable how difficult it is to determine if a situation is good or bad at the time, as it’s impossible to know how and/or what this situation will affect in the future.
…Maybe the whole process of nature is an integrated process of immense complexity and it is really impossible to tell whether anything that happens in it is good or bad because you never know what will be the consequences of the misfortune or you never know what will be the consequences of good fortune.
The post Why It’s Impossible to Know if a Situation Is Good or Bad Without Seeing How It Will Affect the Future appeared first on Laughing Squid.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.779848
Retrieved Text: Do someone’s actions effect you or do they affect you? Is your mood the affect of the weather or is it the effect of the weather? Are you affected by these confusing sentences or are you effected?
So, how do you know when to use “affect”? And how do you know when to use “effect”? Here’s a quick guide to determining which one to use.
1. This decision will affect the lives of the next generation.
2. Three glasses of wine do not affect me at all!
This word is more often used as a noun. It refers to the change that is caused by something that happens.
1. We need to think of the effect of our decision on the next generation.
2. Red wine has good health effects, such as reducing heart disease.
Would you like to learn about other confusing English words? Sign up for English lessons with our online English teachers now!
Pronunciation is one of the most challenging parts of learning a language. English is no exception.
Mistakes are normal when you are learning English or any other language. In fact, most teachers welcome mistakes, because it means you are trying!
The Test of English as a Foreign Language, or the TOEFL, measures your English skills for English-speaking universities. More universities will accept you if you have a good TOEFL score.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.691137
Retrieved Text: Is it Possible to Sleep Talk in a Different Language?
When Should You Flip or Rotate Your Mattress?
Is “Beauty Rest” a Real Thing?
Florida Residents: Can Your Mattress Stand the Heat?
What Determines Good Bedding for Kids?
Can You Consciously Change Your Dreams Using Lucid Dreaming?
Sleeping in Socks: Personal Preference or Health Benefit?
What Is It About Rainy Days That Makes Us Want To Sleep?
Why Should I Buy a Box Spring for My Mattress?
Can You Really Make Up For Lost Sleep?
How does Ambient Noise Really Affect Your Sleep?
Waking Up On The Wrong Side Of The Bed Or Just On The Wrong Mattress?
How Does Sleeping on a Good Mattress Help Improve Circulation?
Natural Latex Mattress Vs. Synthetic Latex Mattress? Is One Better Than the Other?
Are You Suffering from Narcolepsy or Just Normal Fatigue?
Is it Possible to Experience Multiple Sleep Disorders at One Time?
How do Naps Affect Your Restful Night’s Sleep?
Fact or Fiction: Does Counting Sheep Really Help You Sleep?
How Hard or Soft Should my Mattress be to Avoid Back Pain?
What is Narcolepsy and How Can You Treat it?
When is the Right Time to Move Your Child to a Full Size Bed?
Which Adjustable Bed is Best for You?
What is a Sleep Study and How Does it Work?
Check Out Our Fall Mattress Sale!
What Happens During the Different Sleep Cycles?
How Often Should You Replace Your Mattress and Pillows?
Check Out our Labor Day Mattress Sale!
Check Out our Fourth of July Mattress Sale!
Can A Change in Weather Affect Your Sleep?
What Causes People to Sleep Talk?
Check out our Memorial Day Mattress Sale!
Why Do You Sometimes Talk in Your Sleep?
Fall

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.58688
Retrieved Text: A month after devastating tides down at Gronant wiped out 2/3 of all nests, it was with bated breath to see what this month would bring and kept a close eye on the daily forecasts hoping that the settled weather would continue. This time it seems, the terns have been lucky and the tides have barely reached the protective fencing. There will be a little work to clear debris in some areas but nothing significant. Phew! Just in case the tides were bad the wardens prepared nests in the usual way, by moving them slowly up the beach or by carefully placing the nest on a plant pot or bucket (as shown below).
Little Tern sat on its eggs which were placed on a plant pot to raise them from tides.
In the last few days there has been a mass-hatching of eggs with the majority of re-laid nests successfully reaching this stage (including the two nests being beamed in to the visitor center). The photo below shows an egg with a pipping youngster inside pecking its way out. You may notice the little white speck on the end of the bill of the chick. This is known as the 'egg-tooth' and it is a temporary calcium deposit which helps the chick break through the egg. Isn't nature clever!
A pipping Little Tern chick pecking it's way out of the egg shell.
More of a concern is the continued predation from Kestrels. Despite the best efforts of everyone on site the Kestrels are persistent and occasionally succeed in taking chicks

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.58456
Retrieved Text: Sometimes when bad weather happens, power outages do too. When an unplanned power outage happens, our goal is to restore your power as quickly and safely as possible. Unfortunately, we can’t restore every customer at the same time.
Make sure we know your power is out by calling us at 1 800 663 6272 or by entering either your phone number or account number in our report an outage feature on our mobile site.
In storms, NB Power crews must wait until the weather clears before they can begin to assess the damage. This means it can take some time to provide accurate estimates of when you can expect to get your power back.
In some cases, crews can restore power sooner than what we had estimated. However, in severe weather, the cause of the power outage may be difficult to locate, hard to access, or there may be more than one cause so the repairs may take longer.
We restore power to critical services such as hospitals, nursing homes, emergency responders, water supply and communication systems.
We make repairs that will return service to the largest amount of customers in the least amount of time, such as high-density housing and large neighbourhoods.
We restore power to smaller neighbourhoods and individual customers.
Let’s dive down a little further into how we restore power with this video.
The most common cause of outages are weather issues like lightning strikes, heavy snow or ice buildup on lines and equipment, high winds, hurricanes or other extreme weather. High winds can also cause trees and branches to contact

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.437296
Retrieved Text: Before we tell you how weather and the elements get inside the rocks, we have to explain what we mean. The land erodes. When it rains or the air heats up, how can it affect rocks deep inside if everything is solid? Good question! We're glad you asked.
ONE: We talked about volcanoes before. Those volcanoes have lava vesicles (the tubes that bring lava to the surface). When those vesicles cool, sometimes holes remain. Those holes are like tubes that go directly into the bedrock. Weather, water, and heat/cold can get in those vesicles and affect the bedrock.
TWO: When any type of earthquake happens, sometimes faults develop. Those faults are cracks in the surface and in the bedrock. Wherever there is a way in, the weather will get inside and start eroding the bedrock.
THREE: You already know that the Earth is always moving. When stress on the land happens, small joints can occur. Joints are tiny cracks in the land. They aren't big like a fault. They are small cracks sometimes created by folding on the surface.
FOUR: Solution cavities are something special. There are special rocks out there with a lot of calcium. Limestone is a good example. Those rocks are (compared to others) very soft. When water gets near them, the rocks can dissolve easily. When they dissolve, cavities are created. Those cavities are small holes in the rocks. As time passes, the holes allow more and more water in, and the temperature/weather begins to erode the rock.
FIVE: Last are the super tiny holes, microscopic spaces

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.392185
Retrieved Text: Require a Wasp nest removal from the roof , gutter , air vent or garden ?
Wasps are colonial insects living in social groups . The queens awaken from overwintering once the warmer weather arrives .
The queen begins to make a nest from paper , she makes this by mixing wood with her saliva .
Thousands ( 6, 000 – 10 , 000 on average , though can be larger ) of wasps are associated with each nest . The workers will feed on nectar , sweet materials and insects .
Wasps can inflict a painful sting , this could be fatal to people with allergies . Especially if the sting occurs in the throat .
Greenlab Pestcontrol can quickly and safely eradicate a wasps nest .
We have may years experience in eradicating nuisance wasps , safely and correctly .
Wasps Nests can be made in the roof of houses , wasps nests are common in air bricks and air vents . Also wasps can be found in the garden , in trees , bushes and wasps nests can be found in holes in the garden .
If you call Greenlab , we can give an instant fixed quote . We are also B.P.C.A. Members ( British Pest Control Association ) so you can rest assured that our work is carried out efficiently .
Our fully trained wasp control technicians will remove the wasps , no mess , no fuss .
Our wasps nest technicians have found hives built into sheds , hidden inside lawn mowers and all manner of places that many people

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.391527
Retrieved Text: So how does this affect moisture loving creatures like termites?
It is still not clearly understood how termites locate your home to attack it. But there is one thing we know for certain. Termites are VERY good at finding water and damp spots. They seem to be able to find such areas from long distances and head straight towards them. A colony with a healthy moisture supply will do much better than a different nest that is starved of the same resource.
So it is very important to limit such sources from around your house. Fix that leaking tap! Extend your air conditioner and hot water overflows into a drain or at least well away from your house. Get the shower sealed and re grouted (this can save you from water damage and rot in your timber house frame anyway).
Don’t forget that termites have been around far longer than we have! They have had millions of year practice at surviving droughts and dry spells. With the ideal weather of the last few years nests will be robust and well stocked. They have plenty of strategies to compensate for the weather we are getting now. They know South East Queensland and areas like Brisbane, Logan, Ipswich and the Gold Coast like the back of their hands!
Let’s not make it any easier for them! Our Thermal Cameras are very good at spotting leaks as well as termites. Prevention is the best cure!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.356743
Retrieved Text: The Common Swift (Apus apus) is back. For the last two or three weeks, every morning we could hear and see dozens of swifts (Catalan: Falciot negre, Castellano: Vencejo común) sailing and gliding the skies above our townhouse in Felanitx.
Swifts will occasionally live in forests, but they have adapted more commonly to human sites and will build their nests in all suitable hollows in buildings, under window sills, in the corner rafters of wooden buildings, in chimneys, and in smokestacks. A swift will return to the same nesting site year after year, rebuilding its nest when necessary. Swifts spend most of their lives in the air, living on the insects they catch in their beaks. They drink, feed, and often mate and sleep on the wing. Young swifts in the nest can drop their body temperature and become torpid if bad weather prevents their parents from catching insects nearby (end of quote).
Talking about bad weather. It appears as though temperatures will be dropping again from this afternoon. Some winds, even small storms are forecast for tomorrow and Tuesday, with temperatures dropping to 16° C, and even 13° C in some areas, later in the week. Snow is forecast in Mallorca for Wednesday above 1,400 m. That should not much matter to the young swifts as they have not hatched yet, I don’t think. The incubation time is usually three months, as far as I know, and they have only just got here.
The photos were taken in Felanitx, Mallorca, Baleares, Spain. The dates: April 1st and March

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.260292
Retrieved Text: Published: Sep 17, 2018 at 10:15 a.m.
In less than a week, it will officially be astronomical autumn and we all know what follows.
I guess that’s why so many people have been asking me if we’re going to get a lot of snow this winter.
A fall stroll gave Grandma some insight into how much snow we could expect through the coming winter. Every year, sometime between Labour Day and Thanksgiving, Grandma would walk in the house with a big smile on her face and a winter snowfall prediction: she had obviously just come across a hornet’s nest.
Many old-timers believe that, if hornets build their nests high off the ground, it’s going to be a snowy winter, but, if those nests are close to or on the ground, there will be little or no snow.
Because so many people believe this to be true, I did all that I could to find some scientific explanation, but no such luck!
I can, however, explain why some people find nests high in the trees while others find them on the ground in the same area during the same season.
There are many different types of hornets. For example, the term “yellow jackets” refers to a number of different species of wasps. These wasps are ground nesting wasps, regardless of the weather. You’ll find their nests in rotted tree stumps, rodent burrows or even holes in the foundation of an old shed. Then there is a group of aerial-nesting yellow jackets. They build their paper nests on the eaves of a building or hanging

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.083494
Retrieved Text: It was a beautiful day for the open house. It’s so nice to see everything green up for Spring. It’s kind of nice to live somewhere where you can experience the changing of the seasons. I think it would get boring to have the same weather all year round. Evidently there is a place where the weather never changes as I found out when I pulled up to the church. Kind of humorous don’t you think? Click on pictures to make larger.
Before we go in lets take a look around outside.
Ok lets go in shall we……….
I decorated these windows but it was very hard to get a picture of them with the light coming in, so as you can see I took several trying to capture something.
I used white tulips in the glass jars, some greenery and some bird nests. Those are birds made out of sheet music hanging in the windows.
My friend Scott decorated these windows.
All these pictures made for a long post. I will have to show the quilts and table settings tomorrow! Stay tuned…….
love the pictures - you did a wonderful job decorating Mindy! love the bird nests!
What a beautiful welcoming church! I would live to come for a visit :) You did a lovely job decorating.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.031912
Retrieved Text: We’re officially in the middle of April, which means that yellow jacket season is just around the corner. For many, the sight of a yellowjacket causes feelings of fear, dread, and annoyance. With their painful stings and aggressive temperament, it’s no wonder that most are not fond of the insect. However, for the select few that are allergic to bee stings, the sight of yellowjackets is a potentially dangerous and lethal occurrence that is only exacerbated by how prolific the species is during the summer. With it still being early, now is the time to be vigilant of any signs of forming yellowjacket nests. By knowing their behaviors and nesting tendencies, you can put a stop to any new nests before they become big enough to necessitate pest control.
The term yellowjacket actually refers to a number of different species of wasps. The ground-nesting western yellowjacket is included in this grouping and is the most commonly encountered species. The western yellowjacket accounts for the overwhelming majority of stinging incidents recorded, and are the most noxious species. Yellowjackets are sometimes mistaken for “bees” due to similar size and appearance. However, yellow jackets are a type of wasp. Unlike bees, yellowjackets do not have furry bodies or carry pollen. They are identifiable by their distinctive markings, thin “waists,” and their side-to-side flight pattern.
Yellowjackets begin making their nests in spring when a single queen who overwinters becomes active due to the warming weather. Once she emerges in late winter/earl spring, she will start her mission of feeding and starting a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.98797
Retrieved Text: Spring is here! And so are the insects. You might be seeing fire ants and mosquitoes right about now, but wasps are also making an appearance. Now that the weather is warming, wasp populations will be on the rise. They’ll be building nests and hunting for water and food, so be on the lookout.
Paper wasps are the most common in our area. There are more than 20 different species of paper wasps that may nest in your landscape or around your home. They are actually very good pollinators and are considered beneficial in that regard because they feed on chewing caterpillars and larvae. However, they do deliver a painful sting and can be quite aggressive. If you find nests in a low traffic area, away from places children and family spend time, it’s often best to leave them be. However, if they become a nuisance around your backyard or patio, or entryways, it’s best to remove the nest. Call one of the local green-minded pest control companies around town to remove the nests if you have an infestation.
Mud Daubers are another wasp commonly found in North Texas. Mud daubers don’t tend to sting as often as paper wasps, but stings are painful. The primary food for mud daubers are spiders…which can be a good or a bad thing. They tend to consume orb spiders, which are beneficial in the garden. But they are also the primary predator for black widows. Mud daubers build oval, round or tubular mud-type nests under porches and eaves of your home.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.919619
Retrieved Text: And yet! Some people are arguing that this is a lousy idea. After the jump, their six reasons why—and why their reasons are silly.
Anti-NYC Reason #1: Because it might snow! And that would be bad!
Wait, why would that be bad? Haven’t some of the NFL’s most memorable games been played in lousy weather? Specifically on the icy tundra of Lambeau Field? How about the Snowplow game? The Tuck Rule Game? If there is a blizzard on Super Bowl night, February 2014, the game will be talked about for years, no matter what happens on the field.
Anti-NYC Reason #2: Snow would be bad because it would reduce the quality of play.
If we’re being reasonable, this can’t simply be an argument against cold-weather stadiums. It has to be an argument for a domes-only policy, which no one seems to be making. After all, plenty of warm-weather, open-air stadiums are located in places that are prone to massive thunderstorms in February (like, say, Tampa Bay, which was the runner up in today’s vote). And remember: it poured through Super Bowl XLI between the Colts and the Bears three years ago, and the quality of play was just fine, unless you count Rex Grossman, who would’ve sucked under any meteorological circumstances.
So does rain. No one’s complaining about that. Again: either we eliminate weather as a factor entirely and always play the game indoors, or we roll the dice that someday it will affect the game. And in any case, shouldn’t a Super Bowl-caliber team be capable of adapting? When was

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.854656
Retrieved Text: Social Wasps such as Common Wasps, Paper Wasps, Yellowjackets and Hornets.
Solitary Wasps such as Potter Wasps, Cicada Killer Wasps and Mud Dauber Wasps.
The eyes of a wasp are kidney shaped. Wasps have two pairs of wings, the hind wings smaller than the forewings. Their wings are folded longitudinally at rest and the mouth parts are adapted for chewing and licking. Wasps can easily be distinguished from bees because of their pointed body and waist.
Wasps are critically important in natural biocontrol. Almost every pest insect species has a wasp species that is predator or parasite upon it. Parasitic wasps are also increasingly used in agricultural pest control. Wasps make a distinct buzzing noise.
Wasps are common throughout Britain. Wasps are social insects forming colonies inside nests specially constructed in soil, barks, roof spaces and in cavities in trees and walls. Wasps are frequently found in domestic housing. Wasps are social insects with a Queen, who is much larger than the workers and starts a new nest each year. Nests are constructed of wasp paper made by chewing wood and other plant debris mixed with saliva.
Unlike honeybees, wasps have no wax producing gland. They manufacture a paper-like material from wood pulp. Wood fibres are gathered from weathered wood, softened by chewing and mixing with saliva. The paper is then used to make combs with cells for brood rearing.
The fertilised queen wasp emerges from hibernation around mid-April and searches for a suitable site for a nest. The Queen rears the first brood of worker wasps by herself and upon hatching

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.835218
Retrieved Text: a. A scientific study shows that consumption of milk is beneficial for healthy bones.
b. There is an outbreak of mad cow disease.
c. The price of almond milk decreases.
d. In order to promote healthy families, a price ceiling on milk is implemented.
2. Suppose Johnny drinks 4 cups of milk every day no matter what the price. What kind of elasticity does it have?
3. Suppose that when the price of milk increases by 40%, the percentage change in quantity demanded by consumer is reduced by 10%. Calculate the elasticity.
4. Based on your answer to Question 3, What happens to total revenue when the price of milk is increased. Why?
For each event, you must specify how it effects either demand, quantity demanded, supply, or quantity supplied. It is also important to demonstrate how the change will affect the market demand or supply curve. Also, be sure to state any assumption you are making regarding the relationship of the event and milk.
Event: Price of cereal decreases.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.826195
Retrieved Text: Hol Chan Marine Reserve has released the Ambergris Caye Marine Turtle Program survey report on sea turtles for the year 2013.The report indicates that while last year saw the largest number of nests recorded on the northern portion of the island, hatching success went down by over 11% in comparison to the previous years. Weather is believed to have been one of the major contributing factors as sea surge from storms during the hurricane season damaged nests along the beach.
The Ambergris Caye Marine Turtle Program observed turtle nesting from mid-May to late November on northern Ambergris Caye. Efforts were concentrated on Robles and Rocky Point beaches – areas that have seen the most activity throughout the years. Generally, three native turtle species’ nests were studied; the Loggerhead turtle (ChleoniaCaretta), the Green turtle (ChleoniaMydas) and the Hawksbill turtle (Eretmochelys imbricate).
The report, which was released on Friday January 17th, said that last year was the fifth consecutive year that Hol Chan Marine Reserve staff has been collecting data through the turtle monitoring program. It indicates that nesting efforts are concentrated to the northern portion of the island, specifically near Robles Point and Rocky Point beaches. However, a loggerhead turtle nest was found approximately four miles north of San Pedro Town on a private property near a pool. Three nests were also found near Basil Jones area and according to the report, it gives strong credibility to the theory that the entirety of Ambergris Caye was once a nesting beach. This is possible because while turtle spend most of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.763807
Retrieved Text: Altitude Tent - Worth It?
Does Having A Higher Metabolism Mean Your More Intolerant To Hot Weather?
How bad would low altitude be for health?
How does hot weather affect you?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.744328
Retrieved Text: It takes a skilled operator to handle a crane and inclement weather can make it even more dangerous, so it’s important that you choose reputable crane contractors who are experienced in operating cranes in bad weather. The weather isn’t something we can wait around for to get a job done, and weather delays can cost not only time, but also money. Regardless of the weather, each job must push on and this means that sometimes cranes and equipment may have to be operated in stormy or bad conditions. In order to do this, a number of precautionary measures should be followed to minimise risk.
We’re used to a bit of wind up north, so understanding how to safely use cranes in these conditions is paramount. Each crane has a designated maximum wind speed under which they can be safely operated. If the winds are higher than this, the crane cannot be operated safely. Different models and configurations have their own wind ratings so check the designated speeds for yours. The absolute maximum wind speeds that a crane should operate in are 20 miles an hour, and if it goes above 15 miles per hour, consider a delay if at all possible.
If you are operating a crane in high winds, it also depends on your load. The load can affect your safety if the wind catches is. Also check the direction the wind is blowing as side or rear winds can make the load swing and damage the crane.
The higher you go, the more wind speed increases so

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.530804
Retrieved Text: Wasps are a bigger nuisance than ever this summer as the hot, dry weather continues and more people are eating outdoors.
Pest controllers are doing brisk business, removing more nests than normal at this time of year, 20 Minuten reported online.
The weather conditions also mean that wasps are more advanced with their nest building than usual for the time of year.
Last year was cooler and wetter than last year, and wasps were less of a problem.
“When people sit outside more they automatically report more wasps,” pest controller Sandra Egli told the paper.
She also reported that “nests are growing at an alarming rate”.
Andy Probst of the Desinfecta company echoed this: “The nests are already as big as they are usually in August or September,“ Probst said, explaining the increase in call-outs.
In the regions of Lucerne and Basel the company had one person doing nothing all day but clear nests, he said.
The Insekta Schädlingstechnik firm with branches in Bern, Zurich and Aargau said its teams were being constantly deployed.
“There is great demand at the moment; we're removing about 15 nests a day,” an employee told the paper.
Egli said that at the moment wasps were finding enough to eat, and were not bothering people too much but she added: “they will soon become aggressive when their food supplies are exhausted”.
She recommends keeping food and soft drinks covered, and checking the fork before raising it to your mouth.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.474096
Retrieved Text: VERIFY: Does the weather really affect your mood?
Many of us here at KARE 11 have started feeling the rainy day blues and It's got us wondering, does the weather really impact your mood?
MINNEAPOLIS-- The rainy day blues is that feeling you get when the gloom outside starts getting you down.
Many of us here at KARE 11 have started feeling the rainy day blues after this long stretch of gray and gloomy days, and it got us wondering, does the weather really impact our mood?
Hennepin Healthcare Psychologist Talee Vang is helping us verify if the weather can actually affect how we feel.
“It’s not so much the rain, but the darkness that can affect your mood,” Dr. Vang explains.
Darkness, like the gloomy days we’ve been having lately, can alter the chemical balance in your brain, Vang says.
"When it's mostly dark outside what happens is our body starts to produce less serotonin," Vang says.
Serotonin is a chemical in our bodies that helps us regulate our mood.
So yes, Vang says you can get more depressed, sad or anxious when it rains.
"Our bodies also produce more melatonin so that makes us feel more lethargic, sleepy and tired," Vang says.
So if you've been feeling low energy lately that's why.
Plus no sun means less vitamin D which can also make you more depressed and tired.
Vang says the longer you go without it the worse it can get.
"We're having several days of cloud cover and that's going to impact your mood," Vang says.
This feeling of fatigue and tiredness is commonly known as Seasonal Affective

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.419134
Retrieved Text: Teachers, here you will find suggestions as how to use "'Why Can't I Jump Very High?' - A Book About Gravity" in your classroom. Science Square Publishing books try to get children thinking about science. This provides for many teaching moments some of which are discussed here. If you have additions and/or suggestions for this page or would like to share your own lesson plan based on the book, please feel free to write to us.
As you are reading along, questions are sure to come up about the content that may not be apparent to the student. Some of those possibilities are dealt with here. If the students do not ask the questions, do not hesitate to pose it to them. The idea is to get them thinking about what they are reading.
"The larger the object's mass..."
"What is mass? How is mass different from weight?"
"Mass is amount of stuff something is made of. The more stuff something is made of, the more mass it has. Suppose everything in the world were made up of marbles. In this case you would be made out of more marbles than a piece of paper because you have more mass than a piece of paper.
"Weight, on the other hand, is a measure of the force of gravity experienced by an object. Weight can be calculated by multiplying an object's mass by the value of gravity that the object is experiencing. For example, Earth's gravity has the value of about 10. If you have a mass that has a value of

================



======= Instance Index 33 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A large rocky area is formed
- The rocky area has a higher elevation than the surrounding areas
- Water from precipitation falls in the area
- The water forms a stream
- The stream flows towards lower elevation
- The stream becomes a river
- The river continues to flow along the same path for a long time
- The river erodes the rocky area that it touches
- The eroded area cuts deeply into the rock.

Question:
suppose smaller river erodes the rock happens, how will it affect LESS or SMALLER valleys being formed.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.95236
Retrieved Text: Aletsch Glacier in the Swiss Alps is the largest alpine glacier. A remnant of the last Ice Age, which ended about 12,000 years ago, it is located at the confluence of three smaller glaciers in the eastern Bernese Alps.
The glacier is 45 square miles (120 square kilometers) in area and extends for 14 miles (23 kilometers). On average, it is 1 mile (1.5 kilometers) in width.
Aletsch Glacier flows at a rate of 590 feet (180 meters) per year.
At its source, it is about 3,000 feet (900 meters) thick. By the time it reaches the Rhone Valley, it has thinned out to only about 500 feet (150 meters).
The foot of the glacier is about 5,118 feet (1,560 meters) above sea level.
The Massa River, a tributary of the Rhone River, is made up of meltwater from the glacier.
Because Aletsch Glacier was formed by the merging of three smaller glaciers, two dark stripes, known as medial moraines, run along its surface. These consist of debris that was pushed alongside the smaller glaciers.
Known for its spectacular beauty, the Jungfrau-Aletsch-Bietschhorn region of the Alps, where Aletsch Glacier is located, has striking lakes, U-shaped valleys, horn peaks and curtains of rock - geological features that were formed by glacial activity. This region is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 2008, a 260 foot (80 meter) high suspension bridge was built over Massa Gorge, an immense gorge that was carved out by the glacier over thousands of years.
By studying the glacier scientists have learned more about the history of our planet and its ecosystems.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 35.435204
Retrieved Text: U-shaped valleys, trough valleys or glacial troughs, are formed by the process of glaciation. They are characteristic of mountain glaciation in particular. They have a characteristic U shape, with steep, straight sides and a flat or rounded bottom (by contrast, valleys carved by rivers tend to be V-shaped in cross-section). Glaciated valleys are formed when a glacier travels across and down a slope, carving the valley by the action of scouring. When the ice recedes or thaws, the valley remains, often littered with small boulders that were transported within the ice, called glacial till or glacial erratic.
Examples of U-valleys are found in mountainous regions like the Alps, Caucasus Mountains, Himalaya, Rocky mountains, New Zealand and Canada. They are found also in other major European mountains like those in Scandinavia, the Carpathian Mountains, the Pyrenees, Rila and Pirin mountains in Bulgaria, the Scottish Highlands. A classic glacial trough is in Glacier National Park in Montana, USA in which the St. Mary River runs. Another famous U-shaped valley is the Nant Ffrancon Valley in Snowdonia, Wales.
Formation of a U-shaped valley happens over geologic time, meaning not during a human’s lifespan. It can take anywhere between 10,000 and 100,000 years for a V-shaped valley to be carved into a U-shaped valley. These valleys can be several thousand feet deep and tens of miles long. Glaciers will spread out evenly in open areas, but tend to carve deep into the ground when confined to a valley. Ice thickness is a major contributing factor to valley depth and carving rates. As

########
Rank: 2
Score: 34.939728
Retrieved Text: Erosion is a geological process that shapes the surface of the Earth, its land, and water bodies. Here are some examples of erosion that make us speechless on how these mechanisms of geology operate.
Is Weathering the Same as Erosion?
Weathering is like breaking the rocks into smaller fragments, whereas erosion is the movement of those fragments to places through wind, water, ice, etc.
The surface of the Earth or the "face" of our Earth is no accident. Whatever we see, from dark, deep valleys to cloudy-blue mountains, from stormy, windy deserts to still and calm beaches, all have been designed to be that way. One of those design patterns or let's say one of those design processes is the geological process of erosion.
Erosion is the carrying away of the weathered material (soil, pebbles, boulders, sand, glacial till, etc.) by wind, water, or ice to different places.
It is the removal of the Earth's uppermost crust or layer. It is conducted by many eroding agents like small rivulets, streams, rivers, rainwater, wind, glaciers, sea waves, etc. Gravitational force is very important to this process, specifically in cases of erosion caused by water. On the other hand, when it is facilitated by wind, air pressure plays a significant role, as the wind blows from a high-pressure area to low-pressure area. Here are some examples of erosion and landforms created due to it around the world.
Antelope Canyon, Arizona, USA: This rock structure is formed due to the erosion of the sandstone called Navajo. Rainwater, during floods, gushes through the basin area, causing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.562946
Retrieved Text: Describes how one type of rock can change into another type.
Earth has a dynamic system. Lithosphere floats on a molten mantle. Rocks are created and the re-melted in an ongoing process. There's no sample of rock unchanged since the Earth was formed. Molten magma cools and forms igneous rocks. Tectonic processes uplift the rocks exposing them to weathering process. Igneous rocks are broken down into granular material, that are transported and deposited to form sedimentary rocks (tectonic basins). Sediments buried and subjected to heat and pressure create metamorphic rocks. Heated sufficiently to melt forming magma.
WHAT MAGMA IS CALLED ONCE IT REACHES THE EARTH'S SURFACE.
A type of igneous rock that generally contains large crystals and forms when magma cools slowly beneath Earth's surface, Igneous bodies that have crystallized within the crust.
Eruption of magma and ash onto the Earth's surface where they cool to form lava flows and ash deposits., Extrusive Igneous rocks are formed on the surface of earth form lava. They have small or no crystals because they form quickly.
Describes metamorphic rocks that lack distinct layers or bands., Marble & quartzite are what type of metamorphic rock?
Force per surface area where the force is normal to the surface: measured in pascals.
Based on mineral composition and texture. Meta rocks are either foliated or non foliated. Foliated is when the crystals are arranged in bands, and non foliated has grains in random orientations.
sedimentary rock in which older rocks, unless disrupted, are on the bottom, this forms in layers with the oldest layer at the bottom.
Calcite(most common) precipitates out

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.21869
Retrieved Text: For another 6 years, the water mixes in Lake Ontario with water from the other Great Lakes before entering the St. Lawrence River.
The St. Lawrence River passes through Canada and reaches the Atlantic Ocean near Newfoundland.
Two million years ago, this area’s landscape was dotted with shallow river valleys. No lakes. No waterfalls. During that two million year span, continental ice sheets and glaciers made their way over the land, gouging deep troughs in the landscape as they retreated. The most recent glacial activity was 12,000 years ago, leaving behind what we call the Finger Lakes. The deep troughs were dammed at the southern end by glacial deposits, and they subsequently filled with the melting glacial ice to the north.
The water was very high during this period of glacial retreat: 600 feet higher than the current lake level. Much of the park would have been underwater, and Taughannock Creek simply flowed right into Cayuga Lake. As the lake level dropped, Taughannock Creek worked away at the shale cliff one stone at a time, creating a spectacular waterfall that has since eroded the 3/4-mile gorge.
The water’s flow, coupled with frost and floods, continues to transform the shape of the gorge. During the winter, wet rocks freeze and fracture, causing them to fall from the cliffs at any time. When heavy rains and snow melt cause Taughannock Creek to run high or flood, those rocks, along with mud and other debris, flow into Cayuga Lake. The water dramatically slows as it reaches the lake, causing all that effluent to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.075268
Retrieved Text: Santa Cruz Island. ©Tim Hauf, timhaufphotography.com.
A ravine is a kind of deep valley with steep sides. It is smaller than a canyon and often narrower as well. It is formed when running water erodes (wears away) an area of land.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.018578
Retrieved Text: Natural erosion from streams and rivers leaves river rock smooth and rounded.
Small river rocks mounted on flexible, webbed sheets make it easier to install the rocks as tile with uniform grout lines and a reasonably level surface. You can also install individual river rocks as tile, which is often necessary if you prefer larger stones. River rock uses the same installation materials as manufactured tile. Thin-set mortar is the adhesive, and tile grout or mortar is used in the grout joints. Sealing the stones before grouting makes clean up easier. Concrete backer board is an appropriate underlayment, but small areas like back splashes usually don’t require it.
River rock accents work well in smaller bathrooms, or in spaces where you don’t want a comprehensive rustic look. Using less river rock and more of another material, such as wood or plain ceramic or porcelain tiles, can also save money. A rectangular tiled area of river rock can resemble a rug in front of the bath or vanity, especially if most of the floor is finished in wood or plain white, gray or tan tiles. Line a small alcove in the shower with river rock, and add more across the windowsills for a light touch of the outdoors. Tiling the vanity top with river rock makes a bolder statement, but the tiles should be reasonably even. An uneven tiled surface will cause cups and other containers to wobble when placed on the vanity. Other accents worth considering are trimming around a mirror, doorway or other fixed items in the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.647373
Retrieved Text: Often proceeding at small, subtle and slow rates, weathering fragments or dissolves rock: a hugely influential geological process that commonly sets the stage for erosion and provides the critical “parent material” for developing soils. The type of rock certainly influences the kind, degree and pace of weathering it will be vulnerable to, although many other factors come into play – not least the surrounding climate.
Weathering breaks down rock through mechanical or chemical processes. Different types of rock have different resistance to weathering, but many other factors besides basic mineral content influence weathering rates, including climate.
Weathering takes apart rock by mechanical disintegration or chemical decomposition. Mechanical (or physical) weathering refers to rock fragmentation by such forces as ice- or salt-wedging and the unloading of pressure on rocks formed far underground and then exposed at the Earth’s surface. Chemical weathering, meanwhile, covers processes that weather rock through chemical reactions, as when minerals in rocks are dissolved or replaced through exposure to air or water.
The relative resistance or “toughness” of a given rock to weathering certainly depends partly on what kind of rock it is. That’s because rock type is determined by the composition and proportion of the constituent minerals, and different minerals vary in how they stand up to weathering. Quartz, for example, is more resistant that micas, which in turn are more resistant than feldspars. But you can’t really make a general ranking of rock types by resistance to weathering because of all the other variables involved.
Not all rocks within a given type, such as granite and

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.99317
Retrieved Text: The artificial Palm Islands in Dubai were engineered to minimize silt buildup along their channels.
Silt is very fine sediment that is formed by the process of erosion. It is usually found in or near bodies of water or where bodies of water once existed. It is often extremely fertile and an aid to human agriculture. Changes in an ecosystem, however, can lead to the rapid alteration in the presence or absence of silt in a given location. These changes are particularly noticeable in the mouths of great rivers such as the Nile and the Mississippi.
Geological processes such as erosion divide rock fragments over time into tiny particles. Classification systems such as that used by the United States Department of Agriculture define silt as particles that are smaller than one-thousandth of an inch (0.05 mm) in size, even smaller than common sand. The small size and weight of these particles means that bodies of water such as rivers can carry them long distances. All rivers carry some quantity of silt, although the presence of solid surfaces in the water can impede this process. When this happens, the particles will drop out of the water and accumulate against the surface, whether it is a shore, natural body or foreign object.
This process has had a profound impact on the development of human culture. Many early civilizations grew up around river mouths, or deltas, that offered fertile land for agriculture. In Egypt, for example, the Nile River regularly floods and then recedes, leaving vast deposits of silt upon its shores.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.84823
Retrieved Text: Before we tell you how weather and the elements get inside the rocks, we have to explain what we mean. The land erodes. When it rains or the air heats up, how can it affect rocks deep inside if everything is solid? Good question! We're glad you asked.
ONE: We talked about volcanoes before. Those volcanoes have lava vesicles (the tubes that bring lava to the surface). When those vesicles cool, sometimes holes remain. Those holes are like tubes that go directly into the bedrock. Weather, water, and heat/cold can get in those vesicles and affect the bedrock.
TWO: When any type of earthquake happens, sometimes faults develop. Those faults are cracks in the surface and in the bedrock. Wherever there is a way in, the weather will get inside and start eroding the bedrock.
THREE: You already know that the Earth is always moving. When stress on the land happens, small joints can occur. Joints are tiny cracks in the land. They aren't big like a fault. They are small cracks sometimes created by folding on the surface.
FOUR: Solution cavities are something special. There are special rocks out there with a lot of calcium. Limestone is a good example. Those rocks are (compared to others) very soft. When water gets near them, the rocks can dissolve easily. When they dissolve, cavities are created. Those cavities are small holes in the rocks. As time passes, the holes allow more and more water in, and the temperature/weather begins to erode the rock.
FIVE: Last are the super tiny holes, microscopic spaces

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.81176
Retrieved Text: Learning the topography of our world is best done with hands-on projects such as dioramas that feature mountains and valleys with deep canyons in between. Parents partner with kids for these projects because they are fun to make, if a little messy. Plan a weekend from start to finish.
Determine the size of your diorama. If it will be larger than a 2-foot by 3-foot cutting board, build a platform that can be used to transport the finished project. Most dioramas fit on a regular cutting board. Cover the board with construction paper.
Use a 2-liter soda bottle to form the top of the highest mountain peak. Smaller peaks are formed over bottles that have been cut down. Drape chicken wire over the bottle and hand sculpt the sides with grooves and dents to simulate valleys and canyons. Smaller rock formations are made by stuffing small plastic bags full of crumpled newspaper and taping them to give them shape.
Prepare a papier mâché solution from approximately 2 cups of flour, 1 cup of white glue and 2 cups of water. The mixture should be like pancake batter. Rip newspaper into 3-inch wide strips and coat them with the papier mâché glue. Cover the mountain structure and the smaller rocks with two or three layers of papier mâché . Use your hands to mold them into shape as you apply the newspaper strips. Dry over night.
Add more layers to the mountains as desired. Cover the rocks with paper towels soaked in papier mâché glue to give them a rougher texture.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.009083
Retrieved Text: Glaciers are large masses of ice that hold the majority of the Earth's fresh water supply. A continental glacier, or ice sheet, is one type of glacier that spreads in all directions. Another type of glacier is called a valley glacier. These are confined by mountains on each side and can only flow down through a valley. Both types of glacier have tremendous impacts on the surrounding landscape, changing it in various ways as they pass by.
One way that glaciers change the landscape is by erosion. As they pass over the ground, the ice scrapes up soil and rock. A valley glacier will leave a valley much deeper, as it erodes the underlying surface with plucking and abrasion. Plucking occurs when large rocks or other objects are pulled out of the earth by the force of the glacier's movement. This feature of glacial movement leaves large and gaping holes behind. When smaller objects are caught in the ice, they rub on the ground as the glacier passes. This process, known as abrasion, can leave grooves in the ground or act like sandpaper and smooth the ground beneath the glacier.
After the glacier displaces the soil and rocks, these materials are pushed off to the sides and deposited by the glacier as it passes. There are many different types of these deposits, including moraines and varves. Ground moraines are left under the glacier as it passes, while terminal moraine is material that is pushed forward in front of the glacier to be deposited at the edge as the

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.00534
Retrieved Text: Akkurum (Ak-Corum) is located on the right bank of the river Chulyshman, Altai region of Russia. Akkurum translates as the “white rockslide.” Generally, “kurums” are large boulders formed by erosion and weathering. One of the interesting facts about the kurums is that they are slowly moving down the slope.
These unusual formations, strikingly resembling the mushrooms, are results of weathering and water erosion. Mushrooms are formed of solid rock served as a kind of umbrella for its foundation. Over time, the softer rock around the base erodes and “mushroom” grows.
Up to 5 meters (16 foot) high, the rocks attract many visitors. Unfortunately, these stone formations continue to gradually disintegrate. During the earthquake of 2003 several “hats” fell off. Geologists believe that our grandchildren may no longer see the wonders of Chulyshman valley.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.802599
Retrieved Text: WOW! Cheap flights from Oslo to Poland or vice-versa from only 90 cents return!
Amazing opportunity to visit Poland or Norway taking advantage of mega cheap flights between Oslo, Norway and Wroclaw or Warsaw, Poland offered by Ryanair from only 90 cents RETURN!
Stunning sandy coast, mountains and lakes, 15 UNESCO World Heritage Sites, charming villages and castles – often overlooked as a travel destination, Poland has it all! Be surprised and amazed by how beautiful this country is!
Poland is a nature-lover's dreamland. 10 out of 23 national parks in this country are located in the mountains. Go to Zakopane to visit the Tatras - the highest mountains between the Alps and Caucasus. Numerous resorts in the south of Poland attract skiers and hikers. Valleys, pastures, forests and mountain lakes can be found in this section of the Carpathians.
Jura Krakowsko-Częstochowska and Pieniny Mountains both consist of amazing limestone and dolomite rock formations. You can go rafting in the Dunajec River Gorge. Karpacz is a nice ski resort in the Karkonosze Mountains of southwestern Poland. Table Mountains (Góry Stołowe) are characterized by unique plated rock formations. Bieszczady, near the Ukrainian border, are smaller mountains covered with thick forests and meadows. It's the perfect place to relax in peace and quiet.
In Wroclaw you can consider staying at centrally located Art Apart Premium hotel with very good reviews.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.639841
Retrieved Text: The chain of islands that makes up Hawaii was caused by a hot spot, an area where hot magma rose, broke through Earth’s crust, and formed volcanoes, at first below the ocean surface. Exposed rock cooled under water, forming seamounts, or underwater mountains. As volcanism continued, the seamounts emerged from the water and continued rising, forming islands.
Volcanic islands like Kauai are different in many ways from the volcanoes that occur at tectonic plate boundaries in the Earth’s crust. In this activity, you will explore how volcanism has shaped the ecosystem of Kauai — and how volcanism varies across the country.
Discuss what you know about the geology of Hawaii. What would you expect to find in the types of rocks, landforms, and plants common there? Record your thoughts in your notebook — and continue recording your answers to questions among the following steps.
Visit the Esri Ecological Tapestry of the World map here: http://ecoexplorer.arcgis.com/eco/. In the search box, search for 'Kauai, Hawaii'. Zoom in on the northernmost Hawaiian island. Compare the western portion of the island (left) with the eastern part (right). What patterns do you notice? What is similar? What is different?
Double-click on any portion of the island. Notice the four maps that pop up in a window on the right of the screen. These four smaller maps show the Bioclimate, Landforms, Rock Type, and Land Cover of the area. Expand the Landform Map by clicking on the plus sign in the map section. Use the key drop-down to understand what the different colors represent. Where do

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.356487
Retrieved Text: The surface of the earth is made up of soil and rock. Most of the part of the earth is made of rock> Rock are also found below the sea as well as in interior part of the earth.
The outer surface of the earth is uneven as there is the presence of high mountains, plateaus and plains. The uneven outer surface is known as topography. The earth surface is always changing. It is believed that nearly 30 million years ago, Nepal and Himalayas were in the womb of Tethys Ocean stretching from the northern part of India to the southern part of Tibet.
The change is sometimes sudden and sometimes over a period. There are two kinds of agents that cause change.
Earthquake and volcano are considered as the internal agents of change in the surface of the earth.
Rivers, Glacier, Winds, Waves are considered as the external agents of change in the surface of the earth.
Give reasons Why igneous and metamorphic rocks never have fossil on them? .
Igneous and metamorphic rocks never have fossil on them because they are formed at high temperature where there are no fossils.
Why plutonic rocks have big crystals?
Plutonic rocks have big crystals because it is formed by cooling of magma inside rock.
Why pumice floats on water?
Pumice floats on water because they are porous in nature.
Why silica is a mineral whereas sandstone is a rock?
Silica is a mineral whereas sandstone is a rock because silica is pure substance and sandstone is formed from the minerals.
Minerals are natural solid, crystalline and pure substances found in

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.302027
Retrieved Text: Accumulation of material from cliff erosion 5%, offshore sea bed 5%, rivers 90% (suspended/bed load from river mouths).
Small particles are compact so little percolation during backwash, little energy is lost to friction so material is carried back down beach, forming a gentle gradient.
Swash is stronger than backwash (rapid percolation in large airspaces), creates steep beaches as there's a net movement of shingle onshore that stays at the top.
How is a ridge/storm beach formed?
Storm waves hurl pebbles/cobbles to back of beach.
What is a berm and how is it formed?
A smaller ridge, develop at mean HTM because of deposition at top of swash.
What is a cusp and how is it formed?
Regular arc pattern of sed, semi-circular depressions. Formed by lots of waves reaching same point and when swash/backwash have similar strengths.
What do beach profiles do?
Respond to changes in wind strength/wave energy, with an equilibrium profile (balance between erosion/depo).
What do high energy waves do?
Destructive, move sed offshore, create flatter profiles resulting in shallower water, more friction, less energy.
What do low energy waves do?
Constructive, sed moved onshore forming steeper profiles with deeper water, less friction, more energy.
What are spits and how are they formed?
estuary). Formed by LSD in one dominant direction. Sheltered area behind has less wave energy, so more deposition (salt tolerant veg may colonise, a salt marsh).
NE dominant wind/waves, so LSD from N to S. Formed across estuary of River Ore, grows parallel to the coast.
Spit that grows all the way across an indentation so it joins the land on the other side. Lagoon of water formed on

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.216572
Retrieved Text: Feel free to submit your own ideas, or draw outside the lines. Alright, let’s see how lakes fit in.
A “lake” simply refers to a large body of water localized in a basin and surrounded by land, apart from any outlet that would feed or drain it (forming an endorheic basin). A “pond” just refers to a smaller version of that. Likewise, “puddle” just refers to an even smaller pool of liquid, usually rainwater. Beyond that, “loch” just refers to the Irish, Scottish Gaelic, and Scots word for lake or sea-inlet. Nothing too fancy.
Lakes come in several types based on origin. You can generally find them in mountainous terrain, rift zones, and regions of ongoing glaciation. Sometimes drainage basins, or near mature rivers, and particularly as the aftermath of former glaciers.
The basic categories of lakes for our purposes include: tectonic lakes, glacial lakes, fluvial lakes, solution lakes, landslide lakes, aeolian lakes, shoreline lakes, organic lakes, and impact lakes. Let’s take a look at those, before proceeding to some other types arising from content or behavior.
Formed by the deformation of the Earth’s crust and resulting lateral and vertical movements, such as faulting, tilting, folding, and warping.
Found in local depressions like craters or larger basins, such as volcanic calderas. A “maar” denotes a shallow one arising from explosions of groundwater meeting hot lava or magma.
Created by glacial action and continental ice sheets. Includes versions with direct contact with ice, glacially carved rock basins and depressions, morainic and outwash lakes, and glacial drift basins.
Epishelf Lake – highly stratified lake with

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.034697
Retrieved Text: ESA’s Mars Express has returned images of a region on the Red Planet that appears to have been sculpted in part by flowing liquid. This again adds to the growing evidence that Mars had large volumes of water on its surface in the distant past.
On 21 June last year, Mars Express pointed its high-resolution stereo camera at the western part of Acidalia Planitia, a gigantic basin in the planet’s northern lowlands, at the interface with Tempe Terra, an older, higher terrain.
Acidalia Planitia is a region so vast that it can be seen from Earth by amateur astronomers.
The famous observer Giovanni Schiaparelli named this large dark feature on his map of Mars after the mythical Acidalian (or Venusian) fountain in Boeotia, where the three graces of ancient Greek myth bathed.
The images taken cover part of the western edge of the region, where some of the numerous valleys descending from Tempe Terra show subtle evidence for ‘dendritic’ drainage patterns emanating from them.
The word dendritic comes from the Greek for tree and the channels in the images are believed to have been formed by the surface run-off of flowing water from rain or melting snow during some distant martian epoch.
The presence of deep valleys, with very few tributaries in the form of smaller valleys further downstream, shows that the region itself probably formed by a process called ‘sapping’ or ‘undermining’, which occurs when erosion along the base of a cliff wears away softer layers of material.
Sapping removes support for the upper harder rock which breaks off into large blocks,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.016558
Retrieved Text: In this chapter on caricature drawing, we’re going to be talking about relationships.
But don’t worry – we don’t mean relationships between people, and there’s no chance Oprah, Jerry Springer or Jeremy Kyle will be dropping in!
We’re simply talking about the relationships between each of the features on a human face….phew!
When creating your caricature drawing, it’s important to have a standard to compare everything to.
In this chapter, Sycra will show you how to take a realistic face and exaggerate the features so it becomes a caricature.
So, if you’re ready, let’s get going and set out on the path to creating a successful caricature drawing!
In this example, Sycra has created a generic human face which he’ll use as a basis when exaggerating or over-emphasizing the features.
The example on the right shows the effect created by squishing the image vertically – notice how the forehead is now much larger and the face is thinner as a result?
In the next example, Sycra shows you what happens if you take things in another direction and squish the image horizontally – notice how the face is now wider but not as tall?
There’s a big difference between these two examples and this is a good way to demonstrate how adjusting or exaggerating the features in one area can affect the features in another – this is what Sycra means by the relationships between facial features.
In caricature drawing, however, you’ll usually just be concentrating on one single feature rather than all the features. And, understanding how it affects the rest of the face when

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.004225
Retrieved Text: Cappadocia is a dreamy slice of central Turkey dotted with`fairy chimneys', and has a history every bit as remarkable as its landscape. Volcanic eruptions created this surreal moonscape; the lava flows formed tough rock, which wind and rain sculpted into sinuous valleys with curvy cliff faces and pointy fairy chimneys. Cappadocians chiseled homes in the soft rock, paving the way for cave-dwelling hippies and today`s boutique fairy-chimney hotels.
1. Hot Air Balloon: This is by far the most popular of the things to do in Cappadocia and for good reason. Apparently more balloon trips are made here than anywhere else in the world. The landscape is crazy and the view from above is a great way to see it.
2. Goreme Open Air Museum: One of the Turkey`s Unesco World Heritage Sites,the Goreme Open-Air Museum is an essential stop on any Cappadocian itinerary and deserves a two-hour visit. First an important Byzantine monastic settlement that housed some 20 monks, then a pilgrimage site from the 17th century, this splendid cluster of monastic Byzantine artistry with its rock-cut churches, chapels and monasteries is 1 km uphill from Goreme`s center.
3. A Walk Around The Valleys: You can either hike, mountain bike, horse ride or scooter through the valleys from Goreme that naturally exhibit the different rock formations that are particular to this place, mushrooms, columns and cones. It is like walking though a nature phenomenon museum. If you are into photography, there will be plenty of great shots waiting for you to take.
4. Ihlara Valley: Ihlara Valley, near Mount Hasan

########
Rank: 21
Score: 30.816628
Retrieved Text: What is the long profile of a river?
The long profile shows the gradient of a river as it journeys from source to mouth. It spans the source of a river (where it starts) and the mouth (where it reaches the sea).
The long profile of a river is a way of displaying the channel slope (gradient) of a river along its entire length. Therefore, it shows how a river loses height with increasing distance towards the sea. A river tries to achieve a smooth curve to reach its base level at sea; this is called a graded long profile. The diagram below illustrates the long profile of a river. Notice how the gradient falls steeply, to begin with, then becomes concave and then almost flat.
As a river flows downstream from its source the profile changes due to the interaction of the process of erosion, transportation and deposition.
The diagram above shows how the long profile can be split into three courses based on the gradient.
The upper course of a river is found in an area of high relief. The long profile starts at the source of the river. Water trickles from saturated land and merges to form a channel.
The channel then flows downwards following a steep gradient. The steep channel gives the river more potential energy. In the upper course, there may be rapids and waterfalls as the river flows through steep V-shaped valleys.
The upper course of a river with rapids as the river flows through steep V-shaped valleys.
Erosion in the upper course of the river is mainly

########
Rank: 22
Score: 30.816153
Retrieved Text: wanted a small rock crusher price,A 3,000-tph tracked crusher at a Florida aggregates operation pg 12operating costs with a custom- designed, 3,000-tph, tracked Grasan impact crusher plant that feeds a 2,000-ft. floating, moveable conveyor .. stone, helping us meet LA abrasion specs for hardness. . bility, and I wanted the crushing plant.wanted a small rock crusher price,wanted a small rock crusher price,PRICE LIST - Tingalpa Landscape Suppliesunbeatable service. Bagging Products. Prices. We Shovel. Empty Bag. $1.00. Under $50.00 per m3 . WANT TO. KNOW MORE? Proud owner of. Tingalpa Landscaping. Supplies .. Rock. 20mm. Green. 20mm. Black. 5mm River. 10mm. River. 20mm. River. 40mm . Small <40mm. Natural .. Crusher Dust (blue). $69.00.
CrUSHiNG - Murrysville Machinery Company, LLCEngineered to be the highest capacity jaw crusher on the market, you can expect your Vanguard . performance with reduced downtime and low maintenance costs. . smaller jobs, but the Legendary Series can handle all crushing needs with . Plus Series' patented innovations provide the efficiency needed to hit your.wanted a small rock crusher price,Cost Analysis for Crushing and Screening – Part I - Lund University .and hence leads to a much smaller cost than for minerals, but also provides much less .. The jaw crusher reduces the particle size through crushing .. This chapter aims to explain the methods used for reaching wanted and accurate results.
Apr 1, 2007 . screening methods are cost-effective for hard . Dresser Traprock is not friendly to jaw crushers or cone crushers . In turn, this has meant smaller- . "We are getting

########
Rank: 23
Score: 30.810226
Retrieved Text: The St. Paul's Underground River is one of the world's longest navigable underground rivers and one of the few such rivers where tourists can easily experience it. Areas of the river within the park are covered by primary forest which is home to many endemic species of animals and plants and encompass an unusual variety of ecosystems. The river is located within Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park. The park is about 81 kilometers from Puerto Princesa City (approximately 3 hours overland). You will pass through the picturesque countryside and through the town of Sabang en route. From there, it is a 20 minute outrigger boat ride to the park where you board a smaller outrigger canoe for the journey inside the underground river. The boast travels 3 kilometers into the cave, where you will see a spectacular display of rock formations and cathedral-like chambers that have been naturally formed millions of years ago. The river has also been recently declared as a World Heritage Site. Don't forget to bring your swimsuit for swimming!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 30.50844
Retrieved Text: Foulon lies in an area of attractive unspoilt rugged landscape between the upper Lot and Dordogne valleys which is now designated as "Le Parc Naturel Régional des Causses du Quercy".
The limestone geology of the region has produced a variety of scenic beauty, containing numerous mediaeval villages and towns, together with some superb chateaux - many set in dramatic locations.
The ancient name for the area is Quercy, which many believe to come from the Latin "Quercus" - an oak tree. Certainly there are a great number of oak trees in the area.
The countryside varies from the dry craggy countryside up on the causse, to the rich dark red soil and gently undulating countryside of the Bouriane to the north-west, to the wide, fertile cliff-lined valley that the River Lot has carved for itself.
Nearby, the limestone rock has been formed into numerous caves, some with with prehistoric cave paintings or spectacular rock formations. In the largest, the Gouffre de Padirac, you can take a boat trip on an underground river.
Above ground, the Dordogne, Lot and smaller Célé rivers provide opportunities for fishing, swimming, canoeing or, if you're feeling lazy, boat rides. The beautiful countryside offers a variety of walks - and you can always find a bar or restaurant to refresh yourselves afterwards.
If you enjoy eating out, then you are spoilt for choice. There are many restaurants where you can enjoy the renowned cuisine of the area, either inexpensively or in style. Local specialities include truffles, lamb, cabecou (a kind of goat's cheese), walnuts and duck - foie

########
Rank: 25
Score: 30.44528
Retrieved Text: Note: We are pleased to reprint this paper on the Thai-Cambodia ruby and sapphire mines. It is one of the first Western accounts of the deposit.
The Ruby and Sapphire Deposits of Moung Klung, Siam.
By Henry Louis, A.R.S.M., F.I.C., F.G.S., M.A.I.M.E., etc.
The following brief notes on the occurrence of these gems in one of the least known portions of the Siamese ruby fields may prove of interest, as the particular district to which they refer has very rarely, if ever, been visited before by any European, whilst nothing at all has ever been written on the subject as far as I am aware. The notes are chiefly extracts from my journal for the months of May and June 1892, which I venture to present with as little modification as possible, in the belief that a description written on the spot is likely to give a more correct and vivid, even although it be a less highly finished picture of the locality than can be attained by any subsequent elaboration.
Moung Klung is a district or sub-province that lies between the two provinces of Chantabun [now Chanthaburi] and Krat [now Trat], on the western side of the first named. It is administered by a Governor who lives in the small fishing village of Ban Yao; he is in most respects subject to the Governor of Chantabun, the latter being a very intelligent man who speaks good English, having served for some time in the U.S. Navy.
Map showing the deposits of Thai ruby and sapphire.
It would seem, accordingly, that up

########
Rank: 26
Score: 30.439167
Retrieved Text: When was the last time you heard about using river rock tiles for the bathroom? Unfortunately, even today not so many people are aware of such amazing ideas for the unique bathroom design. Today we have gathered 19 ideas that you will love. River rock can make your bathroom look nice, sleek, elegant and like real spa. River rock accents work well in smaller bathrooms, or in spaces where you don’t want a comprehensive rustic look. A rectangular tiled area of river rock can resemble a rug in front of the bath or vanity, especially if most of the floor is finished in wood or plain white, gray or tan tiles. River rock on bathroom walls can appear dramatic or subtle, depending on how you use it. Tile one whole wall, leaving the other walls plain, and you’ll have an impressive cottage look with a price tag that is more affordable than tiling the whole room. If you decide to use river rock for your walls be aware that this material is quite hard, so hanging decorative items will be challenging afterward. Take a look at the pictures below for more inspiration!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.196156
Retrieved Text: Coulsdon (, traditionally pronounced ) is a settlement at the south of the London Borough of Croydon. It is surrounded by the Metropolitan Green Belt of Farthing Downs, Coulsdon Common and Kenley Common and two smaller settlements contiguous to it, Woodmansterne and Purley, London. Modern Coulsdon comprises Old Coulsdon and Smitham Bottom, which grew substantially with the early arrival of the Brighton Main Line — this has Tattenham Corner Line diverging here and so Coulsdon has three stations serving its communities. Coulsdon encompasses several dry valleys (with natural underground drainage) due to its highly permeable soil — these underground headwater streams converge and spring (hydrosphere) at a surface, north in Croydon as the River Wandle. The London Loop path passes directly through the centre of the district.
Coulsdon has Saxon tumuli and an Iron Age field system on Farthing Downs,[http://www.english-heritage.org.uk/server/show/ConWebDoc.6646 Description of tumuli with Scheduled Ancient Monument status and identified parcels of land used in Iron Age Cultivation] English Heritage Coulsdon was in the Anglo-Saxons hundred (division) of Wallington (hundred) which was where the local wealthy, wise and powerful convened for strategic purposes in the Kingdom of England.
In 1545 Henry VIII granted two homes with land in Whattingdon manor, Coulsdon: ''Welcombes'' and ''Lawrences'' to Sir John Gresham, the manor having been owned by Chertsey Abbey in the 8th century when it was recorded as ''Whatindone'' until the English Reformation in the 16th century.
At the time of the Valor Ecclesiasticus the annual rent accruing to the House Hospital of St Thomas of Acre from the manor of Tauntons

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.021698
Retrieved Text: The publication of the Exe LEAP Consultation Draft marks the start of a three-month period of formal consultation enabling external organisations and the general public to work with us in planning the future improvements to the local environment. At the end of the consultation period we will produce a Statement of Public Consultation which will give the results of the process. This LEAP encompasses the entire catchment of the River Exe, covering an area of 1,5 30 km'. It drains diverse habitats ranging from the moorland of Exmoor National Park at the headwaters of the River Exe, to the Exe Estuary at Exmouth. This area will subsequently be referred to as 'the catchment'. The River Exe rises at a level of 450 metres Above Ordnance Datum (AOD) on Exmoor and descends 87.2 kilometres from its source to the tidal limit, of which 82.7 kilometres is designated Main River Length. The main tributaries of the River Exe are the River Culm, River Barle, River Clyst and the River Creedy. The catchment extends across several different landscape types. The Rivers Exe and Barle rise in the wet open moorland of Exmoor, before running south-eastward through steep-sided valleys with extensive broad-leaved woodlands. Further east, smaller tributaries run off the Brendon Hills, with the River Haddeo dammed to create Wimbleball Reservoir. Man has modified much of the Exmoor landscape, with extensive enclosure and agricultural improvement taking place in the nineteenth century giving it a less rugged appearance than much moorland.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 29.733875
Retrieved Text: Knowing the Brexit is coming, is there any way I can profit on that?
I'm willing to speculate a small amount of money just for fun, but if there was a less risky way of profiting on Brexit, I'm willing to invest a modest amount.
Do you have any pointers I could use, to profit on Brexit?
Could you give an example scenario what can happen with international and domestic (to the UK) markets after Brexit?
I know it's a broad question, but hopefully, this will trigger a discussion that could be split into smaller, more specific questions.
Suppose there was a general consensus that GBP would depreciate against (say) EUR following Brexit.
Then suppose everyone sold GBP. At some point, GBP would fall below fair value as judged by actual commerce - e.g. you can buy British goods or services more cheaply than those sourced from the eurozone. People would likely start buying GBP to pay for them, pushing up the GBP.
Anticipating this, people might instead buy GBP to profit from the 'sheep', leading to an appreciation of the currency, against the initial consensus.
Bottom line: currency speculation is called speculation for good reason.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged united-kingdom stock-markets market-indexes brexit or ask your own question.
How will Brexit affect house mortgages?
Is it financially risky to buy new car made in UK considering Brexit?

================



======= Instance Index 34 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A photovoltaic cell is created with two layers of semiconductor material
- The top layer are &#x27;doped&#x27; with impurities to allow a negative charge
- The bottom layer are &#x27;doped&#x27; to allow for a positive charge
- This produces an electric field that allows electrons to flow from negative to positve
- Sunlight enters the cell
- Energy from sunlight knocks electrons loose in both fields
- This prevents the flow of electrons from negative to positive
- Adding an external circuit allows the exchange to continue
- Give the cells owner a flow of electricity.

Question:
suppose less sunny days occur happens, how will it affect more sunlight available.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 39.77417
Retrieved Text: Solar Panel Education > Solar News > How To > How Much Energy Do Solar Panels Produce?
Solar panels have a rating based on how much DC power it produces under standard test conditions, which just happens to be 1000 watts of sunlight per square meter of surface. But if you’re not at the equator at noon on a sunny day without cloud cover, your solar panels will never function ideally. The average solar panel produces about 200 watts of electricity. This varies from solar panel to solar panel based on the size and efficiency of the panel. What will actually determine the amount of energy a solar panel produces is the solar panel efficiency, solar panel size, and the amount of sunlight hitting the panel.
Shade, the direction and angle your solar panels are facing, and the surrounding temperature will affect how efficient solar panels will be. Panels placed in shaded areas will receive less sunlight and thus produce less energy. Temperatures above 77o F decrease the efficiency of a solar panel. And if you want your solar panels to absorb the most amount of sunlight, they must be placed at an angle of 10-60 degrees facing south, west, or east.
The average size of an installed solar panel system is 5kW. On a sunny day, it should produce 5000 watts of power per hour. Larger solar panel systems will absorb more sunlight and produce more power and the opposite is true for smaller solar panel systems.
The hours of sunlight an area receives varies across the U.S. with

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.341293
Retrieved Text: Furosemide is a diuretic used to treat fluid retention (edema) in dogs and cats with congestive heart failure, liver disease, or certain kidney disease. Furosemide is also used to treat high blood pressure.
How it works: Furosemide is a potent diuretic which works by blocking the absorption of salt and fluid in the kidney tubules causing an increase in urine output.
Dosage & Administration: Give this medication exactly as directed by your veterinarian. Do not give larger amounts, or give it for longer than recommended by your veterinarian. Your veterinarian may occasionally change the dose to make sure your pet gets the best results from this medication. Furosemide will make the pet urinate more often and the pet should have drinking water readily available to prevent dehydration and electrolyte imbalance. Periodic blood tests as well as kidney or liver function tests may be necessary. Store this medication at room temperature away from heat, light, and moisture.
Furosemide can make your pets skin more sensitive to sunlight and sunburn may occur.
Discard the open bottle of Oral Solution after 90 days.
Tip: Furosemide will make your pet urinate more often than usual so your pet should have drinking water readily available to prevent dehydration and electrolyte imbalance. Do not give larger amounts of this medication, or give it for longer than recommended by veterinarian. Your veterinarian may occasionally change the dose of this medication to make sure the pet gets the best results from it. Periodic blood tests as well as kidney or liver function tests may be necessary.
Dogs/Cats: All weights The

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.593401
Retrieved Text: Are the short days, long nights, bitter chills and inclement weather getting you down? Seasonal affective disorder, or appropriately, SAD, is a mood disorder characterized by feelings of sadness / depression during the winter months in otherwise mentally healthy people.
If you're suffering from SAD, you may find yourself sleeping longer, lacking energy and experiencing depression.
The good news is there are ways to fight the "winter blues," as SAD has been called, without taking medication; here are three natural ways to help put a smile back on your face so you can enjoy the holiday season.
1. Show me the light: Evidence suggests light (or lack thereof) during the winter months can contribute to depressive symptoms. Why light? Because light affects serotonin, a hormone / neurotransmitter that helps regulate mood, emotions and behavior. Less sunlight / daylight in the winter months can mean less serotonin, which can cause problems with energy and mood. The solution: Try to get outdoors as much as possible when weather permits, particularly during sunny winter days. Think about it from more than a biochemical perspective: Being outside on a sunny day always seems to make people feel better compared to sitting inside.
2. Try a little D: Vitamin D, that is, levels of which are also affected by lack of available sunlight during the winter months. Several studies correlate low vitamin D levels with seasonal affective disorder in particular. What's more, vitamin D production is the lowest during the winter months because the sun is the primary source. Less sunlight (and less time spent

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.680664
Retrieved Text: Pictures of tummy tuck scars taken over time showing the healing process and the time required for scars to fade. They are shown at time intervals of 3 days, 1 week, 2 weeks, 2 months, 3 months and 1 year after surgery was performed.
Scars associated with plastic surgery are a fact of life (see all pictures) and just something you have to live with. Applying a topical steroid cream for a few days following surgery can significantly fade scars. If done consistently for about 6 weeks, they will fade faster and become much less noticeable. I had initially planned to use fading creams that are available, but the cost was too expensive to cover so many of them. I stuck with the antibiotic ointment for the weeks following surgery. See 10 Ways to Make Scars Fade Faster.
Some patients become unhappy with the appearance of their resulting scars from their operation and go back to their surgeon for a revision. A scar revision is an additional surgery performed to improve or reduce the appearance of scars. It may also restore function and correct disfigurement caused by a wound, injury, or prior surgery.
It has been about 17 months since I had my operation. I still have noticeable scars on my belly, both my sides and my back side. The tummy tuck portion of my operation appears to have healed the best. The scars at this stage are barely noticeable. You really have to look closely to see them. The scars associated with my lateral thigh lift portion of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.623468
Retrieved Text: Ask Tom: How does the weather affect fall's colors?
Well-timed rains and moderate summer temperatures have the Chicago area headed for an impressive display of fall colors.
Barring unexpected changes in the weather over the next two months, vivid displays are likely in all but the northernmost sections of the Midwest, where severe drought may lead to less intense colors while encouraging leaves to fall from trees earlier than usual.
These are the views of two of this area's most respected plant scientists and veteran observers of the region's fall color scene.
Both experts anticipate an especially generous helping of reds in this year's color arsenal if sunny, warm days and cool but largely frost-free nights dominate between now and the color peak. That peak around here is likely to arrive the third or fourth week of October--later than in years past when earlier mid-October color peaks were more common.
The Morton Arboretum's chief scientist, Gary Watson, says that more than the weather, shorter days and longer nights this time of year have the largest impact on the annual explosion of color in foliage. Environmental factors, including plant genetics, rainfall and the nutrients available to trees, all impact the seasonal color change. But, when it comes right down to it, the seasonal shift in sunlight intensity and the arrival of shorter days and longer nights prove most critical in encouraging leaves to cut back on, and ultimately stop, the production of chlorophyll, which produces the leaves' characteristic green color. When chlorophyll is reduced and finally eliminated, as happens when days shorten,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.610664
Retrieved Text: It’s as if you end up with a mild case of jet lag. Your body’s internal clock (or circadian rhythm) may be thrown off course, which can affect how much sleep-inducing melatonin is released and when. Plus, before springing forward, it was probably light outside when you woke up, which helped your body’s internal clock activate brain regions that are involved in stimulating alertness and energy. After springing forward, you get an extra hour of light in the late afternoon but the early morning hours are dark, which means that your body’s internal clock may not be quite ready to wake up when the alarm goes off. These changes can make it harder to get going in the morning and perhaps more difficult to turn in at your usual hour.
Within a few days, you should adjust to the new time schedule naturally as your circadian rhythm catches up to your new reality. If you have the foresight to plan ahead, it helps to prepare for losing that hour of sleep by going to bed 15 to 20 minutes earlier than usual each night in the days leading up to the time change. If you don’t, at least turn in earlier on the night of the time change to try to recoup some of that lost shuteye.
To help your brain and body make the shift more quickly, it also helps to sleep in for an extra half hour on the Sunday morning after the clocks change and expose yourself to sunlight early in the morning. If it’s

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.911625
Retrieved Text: As the temperature drops, so too does your immune response to fighting the common cold virus, according to recent research from Yale University . The study indicates that rhinovirus (a common cause of the ‘cold’) thrives in cool winter nostrils, supporting the old winter round up call of “put something warm on, or you’ll end up sick.” The good news is, there are a number of ways to help boost your immunity, naturally.
Vitamin D3 is produced when your skin is exposed to UVB radiation from sunlight. In turn, Vitamin D produces hundreds of antimicrobial peptides in your body. These little warriors kill bacteria, viruses and fungi .
The best way to increase the production of Vitamin D3 is soaking up the sun’s rays directly, through your skin. According to the Cancer Council Australia, during Victorian winter months most of us need two to three hours a week where our face, arms, hands or an equivalent area of our skin is exposed to sunlight. There are many factors, including the colour of your skin and the time of the day, that affect how much sun exposure you need for optimal Vitamin D production.
On cold winter days when the sun does find its way through, find a north facing window to sit in front of. Get comfortably warm enough to remove long sleeves, so you can get maximum sun to skin exposure. Make it a regular part of your winter daily routine. Or head out for a stroll and make the most of a sunny winters day. But remember,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 27.864878
Retrieved Text: Everyone feels down or sluggish sometimes. Some people may even get the “winter blues” because it’s often too chilly to go outside and they may feel restless and bored.
However, some people experience a more serious mood change when the cold weather rolls around. They may feel like they can’t get out of bed in the morning, have no energy, and have an increased appetite, especially for starches and sweets. They may also feel depressed and show no interest in their normal activities or in talking to their friends. Sometimes, these symptoms are quite severe. This condition is known as seasonal affective disorder (SAD)—it’s “seasonal” because the mood change happens during a certain season, and it’s “affective,” or emotional, because it causes emotional changes in a person.
A less common version of SAD can occur in the summer, but SAD usually strikes in the winter months and in colder climates. In fact, you’re about seven times more likely to suffer from SAD if you live in New Hampshire than if you live in Florida. You’re also more likely to suffer from SAD if you’re female and over the age of 20, although SAD is sometimes seen in kids and adolescents.
What causes SAD? Some experts think it’s a lack of sunlight during the winter months, when the days are shorter and daylight is scarce. They believe that a lack of sunlight increases the body’s production of a chemical called melatonin, which helps regulate sleep and can cause symptoms of depression.
A popular treatment for SAD is called “light therapy,” in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.78668
Retrieved Text: The air quality index from the US Embassy (AQI) that many of us are familiar with is based on particles suspended in the air (PM2.5, meaning particles smaller than 2.5 microns). Now the Embassy has added a second AQI for ozone to the particle measurement.
So why the new number for ozone?
Ozone is a form of oxygen, with three oxygen atoms (O3) instead of the usual two (O2). It is a very reactive gas and an irritant. I remember its smell very well from my days as a grad student operating high voltage equipment: in those days (mid ‘80s) we knew less about its hazards however.
Ozone at ground level comes mainly from vehicle exhaust fumes reacting with sunlight. This means that it is likely to be highest on sunny, hazy days with not much breeze. These conditions are also the ones that give us high particulate pollution, so high PM2.5 levels and high ozone levels are likely to occur together.
Who needs to pay attention to this new index?
Ozone has its own index and system of health warnings that are very similar to the warnings for particulate pollution, but are slanted towards those who are more at risk, especially asthma sufferers. For most Beijing residents I think that a glance at the PM2.5 AQI will continue to tell you what you need to know about the pollution level, but asthma sufferers will probably want to look at the ozone AQI too. For schools supervising pupils with asthma it will also be worthwhile to pay attention to the ozone

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.76802
Retrieved Text: Ask an Expert: Will "is it getting hot in here?" work in the rainy season?
Will "is it getting hot in here?" work in the rainy season?
Hi! I've chosen "is it getting hot in here?" as my project but it's raining outside. Will the rainy season affect my project results?
Re: Will "is it getting hot in here?" work in the rainy season?
Hi and Welcome to Sci Buddies!
Unfortunately, the rain will affect the results for the experiment "Is it getting hot in here?" since the procedure requires there to be a large amount of sunlight in order to measure the role of greenhouse gases. I suggest waiting until the rain passes.
Thanks, Nandita, that's what I thought so too I'll just wait for the rain to pass.
If you have the time, you could record the temperature for the cloudy days. Then you could compare those observations with the observations for the sunny days - just a little extra for your display board!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.09886
Retrieved Text: There are numerous health benefits of sunlight and one of them is linked to increased fertility.
Belgian research study. Researchers of University Hospital Ghent’s Centre for Reproductive Medicine, analyzed success rates of 6.000 women who underwent IVF treatment over a time period of about six years. These data were associated with climate conditions of the month that each woman started their fertility treatment.
They found that live birth rates increased from 14%, during less sunny periods, to 19% when the weather in terms of sunlight was improved. Moreover, in periods with at least 4 hours of sunshine per day fertility was increased by one third.
Researchers highlight the fact that women had 35% increased chances of conception following IVF if they were exposed to sunlight a month prior and not during IVF treatment.
Vitamin D appears to have the most critical role in terms of sunlight benefits to female fertility, as it directly affects egg quality and melatonin levels contributing to a normal ovulation cycle.
‘’Sunshine, warm weather and absence of rain lead to a more effective IVF treatment. And even though this study focused on the outcome of women who treated for infertility we believe that weather conditions may positively affect natural conception chances as well’’, said Dr Vandekerckhove who led the study. This study was presented at the annual meeting of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology in Portugal.
At this point it should also being noted that sun can increase male fertility as well, according to previous studies. It appears that sperm is relatively more effective and capacitated

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.039093
Retrieved Text: We are blessed in the Bay of Plenty with more sunshine than most of NZ. Those warm and sunny days will inspire you to grab your sun-block and hat – leave your worries on the doorstep and get outdoors to walk, run, cycle, or get involved in the numerous sports the bay has to offer. As the song goes, life is indeed sweet on the sunny side of the street!
What happens though when the sun does not shine and the temperatures drop? Even though it is cooler and wetter, the benefits of exercise outdoors remain the same.
Daily exercise, no matter how unappealing the great outdoors may look through the rain smeared window, will still bring a host of health benefits. Daily exercise will improve your: immunity, heart, circulation, breathing, bowels, muscles, joints, energy, brain health, memory, mood and mental health. Exercise decreases symptoms of depression, anxiety, dementia, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and most other illnesses.
The times you should not go out to exercise occur less often than you might think. Do not go if the weather is so severe it could be a danger to life and limb. Do not go if you have a high temperature, an infection, feel dizzy or feel faint.
If you do not feel energized and uplifted after a brisk short walk you may have health problems that need more attention. You may have blood sugar imbalances, or lack important nutrients such as GTF Chromium, high quality fats, iron, and B vitamins.
How long should you exercise? This depends on what you

########
Rank: 12
Score: 26.991035
Retrieved Text: If there is anything plants need, it’s sunlight. Even indoor plants, which can generally thrive with less light, need sunlight of a certain amount. Because plants generate the energy they need to live from sunlight, via the process of photosynthesis, researching the sunlight needs of candidate plants is very important.
Make sure that if you have a home that is in a particularly shady area you pick plants that can thrive with less light. Likewise, if you have a particularly sunny environment make sure you get plants that thrive with lots of light; believe it or not, some plants can actually be hurt by too much light!
For most people, keeping up with the watering of plants is little more than a quick, daily chore. However, if your job has you out of the house frequently (or even travelling frequently), you’ll want to consider choosing different indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia. Most plants in multi-season climates cannot simply be treated with a set-and-forget approach. However, certain plants do require less attention than others.
If you’re unable to tend to your plants daily, consider building an indoor succulent garden. Succulents are often some of the best indoor plants for homes in Philadelphia simply because of how little watering they need. Succulents also tend to flourish without much need for re-potting.
What many people do not think of when picking out plants for their home is how the scent and color of a plant might affect their living space. Most of the time, plant scents are wonderful and refreshing, but sometimes

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.950306
Retrieved Text: When are we happiest? On a sunny tropical Island or in a cold dark city? I know, stupid question, you’d opt for the hot and sunny island.
During the winter months I get many people complain to me about constipation. This could be coincidence or down to many other factors such as you exercise less because it’s cold outside or drinking all of those festive Peppermint lattes from Starbucks (too much sugar, too much milk). However another factor can be linked to the weather it’s self. During the winter months a least 12 million people across Northern Europe are affected by SAD (Seasonal affective disorder) also know as ‘winter depression’ and most commonly affects in women.
SAD occurs when you don’t get enough exposure to natural sunlight. In the UK days are shorter and nights are longer. This affects the production of Vitamin D and as a result affects hormone levels in the body specifically serotonin. Serotonin is responsible for mood, appetite, sleep and in this case motility of the bowel. Therefore if we are getting less vitamin D from sunlight, serotonin (9o% of which is produced in the gut) production is down resulting in a slow gut and one of the main symptoms is constipation.
Now, I’m not saying you have SAD you may be pretty happy day to day but lack of vitamin D could be showing by throwing your bowel habits off.
How do I increase my Vitamin D without sunlight?
So there you have it, this could be the reason for your reason bout of constipation. Stay

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.827621
Retrieved Text: We use sterling silver which is an alloy of silver containing 92.5% silver and 7.5% copper. The word sterling has meant ‘high quality’ since the 13th century. The purpose of the copper is to strengthen the silver as fine silver containing 99% silver is too soft for creating functional objects.
General use and exposure to atmospheric pollution causes the silver to tarnish. When silver tarnishes it combines with sulphur to form silver sulphide which looks dark grey or black. To remove this clean sterling silver items with a soft cloth or a soft bristled tooth brush in washing up liquid and warm water. You can use a silver dip solution although this is not suitable if the jewellery has cold enamel or resin.
When an item is gold plated a fine layer of gold called a micron is deposited on to the metal (silver) by electro-plating The gold can be 9, 14, 18 or 22ct with 22ct being the most yellow in colour. Because the gold plate is a layer on top of the silver it can sometimes rub off (rings more commonly) revealing the silver underneath. If this happens send the item back to us and we will be happy to re-plate the item with no charge.
Gold does not tarnish as silver does but to clean use a soft cloth and warm soapy water.
Salt water, chlorine, soap, perfumes, creams all contain chemicals that may affect the jewellery.
Store items separately to avoid scratching surfaces.
The less sunlight and air the jewellery is exposed to the less tarnish will occur.
Do

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.560587
Retrieved Text: Growers will rarely spend a lot of time explaining the dos and don’ts of the houseplant you want to buy. Most of them assume that you have done your due diligence and know what your target plant will need. If you are new to houseplants, it is good to spend some time understanding the indoor issues that will affect your houseplant. The purpose of this post is to take a look at the main issues you should keep an eye on when troubleshooting your plant.
The main issues that affect plants like dracaena are the environmental problems. If your houseplant has some unexplainable problems, you should start by checking the following.
Light problems are the main causes of plant problems. When the room doesn’t get sufficient sunlight, the plant will tend to appear long and spindly. A flowering plant may also fail to bloom due to the lack of sunlight. The solution here is to move the plant to an area that receives more sunlight. You may also notice the leaves turning brownish with scorched tips. This happens when the light is too much. You should move the plant to a less intensely lit area.
Most of the indoor plants you purchase from wholesale nurseries are tropical plants. Temperatures that are too low or too high may affect the plants. The plants will also need higher humidity levels in the house.
How much water you give your plant and how often you water the plant will affect it. Overwatering will cause the plant to fail because the roots will drown.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.377195
Retrieved Text: Location：Home > Company News > How to calculate Peak Sun-Hours of your area?
As energy costs continue to rise, more and more people are looking to solar power as a more efficient option for both their homes and businesses. On top of the economic benefits of solar power, solar energy produces no pollution and has no negative environmental effects, making it an attractive option for those concerned about the environmental effects of traditional energy production as well.
If you are trying to determine whether or not solar power is the best option for your home or business, it’s important to understand how much sun solar panels need in order to operate effectively, what peak sun-hours are, and what you can do to get the most out of the solar power available to you.
Solar panels need direct sunlight in order to produce the maximum solar output. Even in cloudy weather, however, solar panels can absorb solar energy to produce power, though it will be at a significantly reduced rate compared to sunny days — usually between 25 and 40%.
To maximize the amount of sunlight your panels receive, they should face the sun and be installed in an area where they will not be shaded by trees or other nearby buildings during the majority of daylight hours. While a solar professional can help you determine the best placement for your panels, you can plot a sun chart or buy or rent a solar pathfinder to determine how much sun your solar panels are likely to receive on a typical day.
While

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.36637
Retrieved Text: This may come as no surprise to many of you, but weather patterns can actually affect our moods and emotions. Or at least that's what the research says. If you need convincing then perhaps take a look at the growing number of SAD cases that arise during the autumn and winter months. For several years, people have been diagnosed as suffering from seasonal affective disorder, while many experts also believe that cold or hot temperatures can drain our energy and tamper with our sleeping patterns, respectively.
Some people think me crazy because I love the rain. I guess looking outside and seeing rain lashing against the window would rarely put most people in a good mood. Some experts believe that rain could actually negatively affect our social lives, leading us to feel isolated, frustrated and downbeat.
Dr. Alan Teo led a study of more than 11,000 adults and found that digital communication such as emails and phone calls offered little protection against participants developing depression over a two-year period, unlike face-to-face contact. The lowest rates of depression after a two year period were from those who met up with friends and family members three times every week. Only 6.5% developed the condition compared to those who met up just once a month. Many of us would be inclined to cancel plans to meet friends or family if it was down-pouring with rain and this can lead to a less fulfilled social life.
Also, getting drenched in heavy rainfall could lead to us feeling unwell, which may ultimately cause our

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.246782
Retrieved Text: The days are getting shorter and cooler and many people are starting to feel a little less energetic and cheerful at this time of year. This article looks at how drinking hydrogen-rich water can positively affect seasonal affective disorder.
Although the cooler weather is a chance to relax indoors around a warm fire, the shorter daylight hours can affect some people with a condition called Seasonal Affective Disorder or SAD. SAD is a depressive disorder that is directly related to the loss of sunlight in the fall and winter months. The symptoms can look just like depression: difficulty getting out of bed, overeating, and lack of energy can all be connected to it. There could also be a decrease in activity, trouble keeping focused, and irritability.
Since SAD was identified as a disorder, many research studies were conducted to find treatments. One of the best solutions was to trick the brain into thinking it is still receiving ample doses of sunlight by using phototherapy devices like dawn simulators – lamps that turn on as the sun comes up providing exposure to its strong bulbs for 30 minutes each morning. Light therapy boxes for SAD treatment are also known as light boxes, bright light therapy boxes and phototherapy boxes. Light therapy treatments involve 20 to 60 minutes of daily exposure to cool-white florescent light and there are many products on the market for this purpose.
You can combine two treatments for SAD by getting outside whenever it’s sunny and getting some exercise. Natural light boosts levels of serotonin, a mood-regulating

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.156372
Retrieved Text: The Venus flytrap is one of the most mesmerising plants you will ever see and they're the perfect pot plant to keep around the house. But how do you grow a Venus flytrap? It largely depends on the conditions. Preferably, you'll want maximum exposure to sunlight but on gloomy winter days, you'll have to keep it indoor.
"Give them a sunny spot and keep soil damp by sitting the pot in a saucer that can be filled with water. If you are growing the plants inside, a sunny windowsill is ideal," recommends Better Homes & Garden's gardening editor.
"When winter arrives, move indoor potted plants onto a verandah or porch outside – they need a period of dormancy. Lift the pot out of its saucer to allow soil to drain, and only water once a week during this time."
When you're looking to grow a Venus flytrap of your own, the best place to plant them is in an environment with moist, acidic soil, exposed to plenty of sunlight. During winter, indoor is far more suitable - a terrarium can provide the perfect environment.
There is only one species of Venus flytrap: Dionaea muscipula. However, there are over 20 varieties which vary slightly in colour and shape. The most common type is the Akai Ryu variety.
The Venus Fly Trap is native to subtropical wetlands on the East Coast of the United States in North Carolina and South Carolina. However, they are readily available in Australia, and can even be found at Bunnings.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.102003
Retrieved Text: Heat waves and pollution. I’m Bob Hirshon and this is Science Update.
In the summer of 2006, hundreds died as temperatures reached the 120’s as far north as South Dakota. Princeton atmospheric scientist Jordan Schnell says heat waves kill partly because they co-occur with pollution, chiefly ground-level ozone and particulates.
And what happens is we don’t have a whole lot of winds at the surface, we don’t have any rain to clear anything out, so basically nothing’s being diluted and it just builds up over the course of the multiple days.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Schnell reports on research done while at UC Irvine studying 15 years of heat waves and modeling how the heat and pollution spread and persist. The work will help provide early warnings of life-threatening events and predict the longer term effects of climate change. I’m Bob Hirshon for AAAS, the science society.
Heat-related deaths are a cause for concern in many countries, especially among vulnerable populations, like older adults and young children. According to the Centers for Disease Control, there were a total of 7,233 heat-related deaths in the U.S. between the years of 1999 and 2009. In that time, an average of 658 people died of heat-related causes in the U.S. each year. Worldwide, nine of the top 10 heat waves with the most fatalities have occurred since 2000, according to data in EM-DAT, an international disaster database. These nine heat waves caused 128,885 deaths around the world.
What happens, though, when a heat wave is combined with air pollution?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.080717
Retrieved Text: How designer Laura Maresca-Sanatore made a down-at-heel Amagansett house better than new.
Judging from the results, time may well prove Maresca-Sanatore right. “People often have a hard time visualizing how restructuring the layout of a space can dramatically affect it for the better. For me, when I study the existing floor plans and put pen to paper is when the magic happens.” By relocating a half-bathroom and a laundry room that had been jammed into “a funny closet” from the entrance to an area off the garage, she opened up the entry hall. “It’s not a grand foyer, but now there’s room enough to drop your bags and take off your shoes,” she says.
Next, she created a bright and sunny office for the husband in what used to be a gloomy room by installing a great big window and French doors that open on to the corridor formerly known as “the bowling alley.” Now sunlight splashes through those French doors into that hallway.
The entire project took Maresca-Sanatore eight months from start to finish. Amazingly, she transformed the five bedroom, 3,000-square-foot house simply by rearranging its layout. She didn’t touch the footprint and added a full bathroom in the bargain.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.847902
Retrieved Text: A Teflon enclosure captures VOCs emitted from a flowering branch. Photo by Romain Baghi.
INSTAAR scientists are busy climbing trees. They are in the middle of an experiment to study volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that different tree species emit into the air.
A flux experiment on loblolly pine trees in the Duke Forest, North Carolina, August 2005. The Teflon bag around the branch holds in VOCs emitted by the pine needles so that they can be measured. Photo by John Ortega, INSTAAR.
VOCs are organic chemicals that turn into vapor easily. The sharp scent of pine needles, for instance, is caused by monoterpenes, which are among the group of VOCs. Trees use VOCs to attract pollinators and repel harmful insects and animals. Trees also produce VOCs in response to stress.
In the atmosphere, VOCs interact with nitrogen oxides and sunlight to produce ozone and other chemicals. While much is known about how trees remove pollutants from the air by absorbing carbon dioxide, less is known about the more subtle effects of VOC acting upon the oxidizing chemistry of the atmosphere.
The team is focusing on sesquiterpene, a particular kind of VOC that may be especially important in atmospheric chemistry. Sesquiterpenes are suspected to be main ingredients in the blue haze that gives its name to the Smoky Mountains and Blue Ridge Mountains of Appalachia, U.S.A., and the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.
The team wants to collect data on sesquiterpene emission rates from different species of trees, and find out how those rates depend on local environmental conditions, like the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.726315
Retrieved Text: Seasonal Flank Alopecia (SFA) or Light Responsive Alopecia (LRA) – Veterinary Allergy & Dermatology, Inc.
Unfortunately for those of us who live in northeast Ohio, we all know that in winter we get very little natural sunlight. In fact in the winter of 2016, we only had 5 sunny days! In susceptible humans, this can result in Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) resulting in depression, overeating, and lethargy. We see the same disease in dogs but with skin changes predominantly.
Dogs need natural sunlight exposure to the pineal gland (the gland that causes bears to hibernate) via the eyes in order to grow hair and have a normal hair/shed cycle. When not enough sunlight is around, dogs will lose hair, sometimes symmetrically (alike on both sides) and gain dark pigment to the skin. The flanks are the most common area affected with the alopecia increasing to over the saddle area. The skin looks normal except for mild flaking with dark pigment sometimes moving up into the area. These dogs are not itchy. Other areas affected include the ear flaps, top of the nose, and sometimes the shoulders.
Breeds where this is seen most commonly are the Boxer, English Bulldog, Wire Haired Pointer, and mixes. Other breeds can have variations of the disease in that if the hair is clipped in the fall (going into the winter season), hair regrowth will not occur till summer or later. Most dogs will regrow hair once the winter is over and they get sun exposure but some dogs will skip a year before hair

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.676628
Retrieved Text: Scientists using one of the nation's newest and most capable research aircraft are launching a far-reaching field project this month to study plumes of airborne dust and pollutants that originate in Asia and journey to North America. The plumes are among the largest such events on Earth, so great in scope that scientists believe they might affect clouds and weather across thousands of miles while interacting with the sun's radiation and playing a role in global climate.
Known as PACDEX (PACific Dust EXperiment), the project will be led by scientists at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at UC San Diego and the National Center for Atmospheric Research. NCAR's main sponsor, the National Science Foundation (NSF), will provide most of the funding. The first mission will be launched in late April, depending on weather patterns in Asia. It will continue for almost two months.
"PACDEX comes at a crucial time in our efforts to understand the regional impacts of global warming," says V. Ramanathan, a PACDEX principal investigator based at Scripps Institution of Oceanography. "It will also help us examine how the dust and soot modifies storm tracks and cloud systems across the Pacific, which influence North American weather patterns in major ways. By focusing on these plumes, PACDEX will shed light on one of the major environmental issues of this decade."
While many particles in the plumes, such as sulfates, cool the planet by blocking solar radiation from reaching Earth, other particles, such as black carbon, can have a warming effect. Black carbon produces warming by absorbing sunlight both at

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.668375
Retrieved Text: The weather at Austin, Texas ranges from hot summers to mild winters. Outside of summer's heat, the city enjoys pleasant temperatures and sunny skies for most of the year.
This page gives detailed information on the annual weather averages for Austin.
The numbers here are historical averages based on climate data gathered at Camp Mabry, located at few miles from downtown Austin.
Austin's coldest days of the year usually occur in early January when the daily maximum temperature averages 61 degrees Fahrenheit (16 degrees Celsius) and the minimum averages 41 °F (5 °C).
The year's hottest days are normally in mid August. The average temperature peaks then with daily highs of 98 °F (37 °C) and nighttime lows of 75 °F (24 °C).
Austin averages 111 days a year when the temperatures reaches into the 90s °F (over 32 °C). Typically on 16 of those days the thermometer soars into the 100s (over 38 °C).
The temperature dips to freezing or below on an average of 12 nights a year. But Austin doesn't get as cold as 20 °F (-8 °C) every year.
May is usually the wettest month of the year in Austin, while July is the driest.
It doesn't snow every year in Austin. When snow does fall, it usually happens in January or February.
The sun's rays reach the ground in Austin during 60 percent of daylight hours on average year round, for a total of 2665 hours annually. Typically on 115 days a year the sky is mainly clear, with at most 30 percent cloud cover.
Sunlight in Austin averages 12 hours

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.58474
Retrieved Text: Elizabeth Deveraux has spent 8 years of research studying the benefits of herbs and natural remedies and how they impact our lives.
Many people recommend increasing your intake of Vitamin C every time the temperatures drop in the snowy, winter months. They claim it boosts your immune system, though no evidence of this has been found. Yes, it has been shown to help symptoms of the common cold less severe, but that could just be from the fact that Vitamin C is a repairer.
Vitamin C's main function is to maintain and repair all connective tissues, bones, blood vessels, and skin. So in actuality it does less for boosting the immune system and more of repairing any damage done by illnesses. Which would explain why it helps make the symptoms of an illness more bearable. To find out more about the benefits of Vitamin C read these articles about How Vitamin C Works in the Body and Avoiding Supplements: Find Vitamin C Naturally. So if Vitamin C isn't as effective as everyone says, then how do we effectively fight against viruses?
Rhinoviruses, like the common cold, thrive in cooler temperatures. So as you breathe in the chilled winter air you're creating the perfect breading grounds. That's why normally your sinuses are affected more than the warmer environment of the lungs.
You may be thinking, isn't that what our immune system is for, to protect us from harmful illnesses? And you'd be right! But, your immune system is suppressed during these times. When it is cold, your body has a harder

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.534391
Retrieved Text: At first glance, you may believe that all solar fairy lights are created equally, but this is certainly not the case. There is a reason why some fairy lights are more expensive than others. It simply comes down to quality. Quality of the solar panel, the light string itself, the batteries contained within, the quality of lighting time and any additional features that they may have.
How long do you want them to last: days, months or years?
How long do you need them to light each night?
Where are you planning to place them? Will they be exposed to high winds or animals?
How much sun exposure will they receive?
Size: Size does matter. More solar cells mean faster battery charging. Most solar lights discharge overnight and have to start from scratch each day to recharge their batteries. The panels should be designed to achieve a full charge over the course of a day, but this may entail 8-10 hours direct sunlight for smaller panels. Larger panels may only require 4-6 hours.
Resin Covered: Most solar fairy lights have resin covered panels for weather protection. These will gradually craze (become opaque) due to UV exposure and in some cases even lift from the battery pack. The more opaque the cover becomes, the less efficient the panel will be and consequently lighting time will be affected. Generally, this happens over a 3-6 month period.
Glass covered: A less common method of weather protection, but will not craze and will last considerably longer than their resin counterparts.
Light Functions: The number of functions a light

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.356922
Retrieved Text: for a while? It’s a big decision – and could either be a costly mistake or a great investment – so you’re right to carefully consider all the pros and cons before you take the plunge.
Here are the most important factors you need to consider before you decide to ‘go solar’.
How to determine if solar energy is worth it for you?
Where do you live? Some locations are much sunnier than others, and different latitudes have more hours of daylight, so solar panels will be most cost-effective there. The specific design of your home is important too; the orientation and angle of the roof, and shading from other buildings or trees will all affect the amount of energy your solar panels can generate.
How much energy do you use? Do you use electricity mostly during the hours of daylight, or mainly at night? Your pattern of use will affect how much a solar PV installation might benefit you.
How will you pay for the installation of your solar PV system? The interest payments on some finance deals could outweigh the savings you’ll make on your energy bills.
How long do you plan to stay in your current home? If you spend big money on a solar PV installation but move home after only a year or two, you won’t recoup the cost.
How much sun your house gets?
Although it’s important, you shouldn’t worry too much about the actual sunshine your home receives – solar PV panels need daylight, but not necessarily direct sun.
There are a number of online tools to help

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.3378
Retrieved Text: If you are trying to determine the cost of solar energy for your home, it’s important to understand how much sun solar panels need in order to operate effectively, what peak sun-hours are, and what you can do to get the most out of the solar power available to you.
To maximize the amount of sunlight your panels receive, they should face south and be installed in an area where they will not be shaded by trees or other nearby buildings during the majority of daylight hours. While a solar professional can help you determine the best placement for your panels, you can plot a sun chart or buy or rent a solar pathfinder to determine how much sun your solar panels are likely to receive on a typical day.
While your panels may receive an average 7 hours of daylight per day, the average peak sun-hours may actually be closer to 3 or 4. Weather is also a factor. States like California or Florida can expect more clear and sunny days.
Most of the United States averages between 3 and 5 peak sun-hours, though many areas may experience less during the winter and more during the summer. Knowing the yearly and seasonal average peak sun-hours in your area is a helpful tool for deciding whether or not solar panels are a worthwhile investment for your home or business.
An insolation map can show you the amount of solar energy your location receives on an average day during the worst month of the year. Several charts and lists have compiled

================



======= Instance Index 35 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Ocean waves hit land
- Ocean water pulls sand off of beaches
- Ocean water breaks rocks off of cliffs
- Ocean water carries sand and rocks into the ocean
- Sand and rocks go to other land or the bottom of the ocean.

Question:
suppose more ocean water breaks rocks off of cliffs happens, how will it affect more sand and rocks go to the bottom of the ocean.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.45153
Retrieved Text: Learn about what materials make up sediment and how it travels. Explore sediment deposits from deltas to sand dunes, and learn how sedimentary rock is created.
As any beaver can tell you, dams are rather clever. We build dams across rivers to create reservoirs, which hold water for household and agricultural use. These give us access to water when we need it, and some bigger dams harness the power of water to create electricity.
But what happens when dams are no longer useful? What happens when we remove a large, man-made dam? We often think about the consequences of building dams, but not what happens when you take them away.
The Elwha River in Washington state was a valuable resource for the Native Americans who lived near it for generations, and 87% of it is now a protected part of the Olympic National Park. The Elwha Dam, built in 1913, and the Glines Canyon Dam, built in 1927, were constructed at the beginning of the 20th century to provide power for the growing region.
Over time, both power plants grew increasingly obsolete, and scientists learned more about how the dams negatively impacted the salmon population, who were kept from swimming upstream. In 2011, crews working on behalf of the National Park Service began to remove the Elwha Dam, and in summer 2013, removal of the two dams will be complete.
Part of the Elwha Dam was removed so water could flow freely again after 100 years. Eventually, the entire dam will be taken away and only the river will remain.
One thing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 50.606537
Retrieved Text: Killer Whale Pod and Mount Baker during the summer in Washington.
Ngau Lagoon on Beautiful Day. Green mossy rocks are near shore along with plentiful soft sand. This is such a beautiful place.
Taunga Island Shade in the Vava'u island group of Tonga. The small island seen across the lagoon is Ngau. It's possible to walk between the two on soft sand. Driftwood and a green coverup are used to create a small bit of shade.
Stick in the Sand of Euakafa Beach. The blue shallow waters and distant island create a beautiful scene.
Tonga Landscape Seascape: mixture of jungle, beach, ocean and distant islands.
Sunny South Beach Sunrise in the Sunshine State of Florida. This happy lifeguard station is green, pinkish red and white.
Beachy Head Landscape with the shear white chalk cliffs and the Red Lighthouse.
Bempton Cliffs Two Sea Arches: known as the premier bird sanctuary in the UK, these cliff house millions of birds. The cliffs themselves are spectacular. Two sea arches are seen here. Amazing!
Hamoa Beach Sand and Sunrise The day after a tremendous storm, Hamoa beach witnessed a gorgeous sunrise. The deserted beach has find soft sand and warm blue waters.
Hamoa Beach Sunrise Hana has the most beautiful sunrises. This photo of Hamoa beach shows off another one!
March 2015: Rainbow Eucalyptus Trees and Jungle in the Ke'anae Arboretum of Maui, Hawaii. These gentle giants of the forest kindly glow red, orange, green and brown. So peaceful and beautiful, they wait for discovery and touch.
Yucca on Maui Cliff on the drive along the northern shore.
Coconut Trees and Creeping

########
Rank: 2
Score: 49.60112
Retrieved Text: Abrasion occurs when particles of rock and sand grind down larger rocks and cliffs. They act like sandpaper rubbing at the surface, removing tiny amounts but, as wave after wave hits the cliff base, throwing more and more sand at it, the abrasion becomes more pronounced. Think of abrasion as tiny bits of rock in the water scraping against rocks and grinding off small particles of rock.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 48.49652
Retrieved Text: They’re called sneaker waves because they appear without warning, often surging high up on the beach with deadly force, and are impossible to predict. Sneaker waves can often carry a large amount of sand that saturate your clothes and weigh you down. In order to stay safe, never turn your back on the ocean.
It only takes four inches of water to lift a five-ton log. The ocean is strong enough to pick up the biggest logs and plop them down right on top of you. For your safety, if you see a log on the surf or sand, stay off of it.
Rip currents are strong currents of water that have been known to swiftly sweep away unwary beachcombers and waders off their feet. They may appear as dark, choppy water. Anytime you see foam or debris floating out to sea, chances are you have found a rip current. In such a case, it is best to avoid the area altogether. In order to play it safe, parents should keep their children close when playing in the ocean. If you find yourself caught in a rip current, do not panic. Swim parallel to the beach until you are out of the current, and then head for dry land.
When the tide is out, large rock formations can become exposed. Avoid the temptation to stroll out to an interesting looking rock without knowing when the tide comes back. Free tide books are readily available at state park offices, information centers, motels, and shops. In order to stay safe near

########
Rank: 4
Score: 47.213074
Retrieved Text: This product will be available for sale on February 5, 2018, at 12 noon (ET).
2018 America the Beautiful Quarters® Program – Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore Rolls and Bags are now available.
The Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore quarter is the first of 2018 and 41st overall in the America the Beautiful Quarters Program. Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore embodies wild beauty on the Lake Superior shore. Established in 1966 as the first national lakeshore, it is a narrow strip of a park that hugs the Lake Superior coast for more than 40 miles. The shoreline consists of 200-feet high colorful sandstone cliffs, numerous beaches, and 300-feet tall sand dunes.
Scenic vistas and more than 100 miles of trails offer visitors superb opportunities for hiking, backpacking, camping, and sightseeing. Lake Superior and inland lakes offer boating opportunities, including kayaking, canoeing, and boat tours along the cliffs (the only way for visitors to view the cliffs is from the water). There is abundant wildlife, such as black bears, deer, and porcupine, as well as bald eagles and peregrine falcons using the Pictured Rocks cliffs.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 46.970634
Retrieved Text: It Doesn't Bend That Way: How Many Ways Can a Writer Injure Herself on Vacation?
My sister once told me that I’m probably the most graceful person in the family. Right now, I’m laughing about that. And since I promised to entertain you with articles and short stories while my books are in progress, now I’m writing about it so you can enjoy a funny read and laugh at my expense.
To be fair, for most of my vacation, I’d been doing good. I was behaving myself. No letting the person driving the car exceed the speed limit by 50% on a twisty road while halfway into the wrong lane. No shortcuts involving cliffs. (That was my problem during the last two vacations.) In fact, until the day after Christmas, I’d managed to avoid acquiring injuries of any sort.
Then I tried paddleboarding. And I was awesome. My balance was impeccable, except for all the wobbling. And I seriously thought I was going to get back to the dock with my hair still dry.
The next thing I knew, I was on all fours (or at least, that was the plan), but instead of being on the paddleboard, my hands were above the water. They were also still holding the paddle, which caught on the edge of the board and responded by waiting for my face to come to meet it. Teeth, meet paddle. Hard food, don’t meet teeth. No more apples for me.
So I tried boogieboarding instead. I’ve done plenty of that before, and I’d already be lying down,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 46.27817
Retrieved Text: Weather rocks to show how water weathers rocks into small particles of sand and mud.
Distribute a jar of water and a couple of pieces of pottery to each pair or small group of students.
Explain that they will mimic the way that flowing rivers and the rain interact with the rocks on mountains.
Ask students to add their pottery pieces to their jar and screw on the cap. The pottery pieces are rocks.
Ask students to vigorously shake the jar. They are mimicking water and wind bashing the rocks, and wearing them away - the process of weathering. With the pottery, the pieces are broken into smaller particles much much faster than most of the natural weathering of the harder rocks of mountains.
Students look inside their jar to see that they have made smaller particles from their rock, then draw what they see. The left side of the second page of either attached worksheet can be used.
Explain that as rocks are worm away, they make sand and mud particles. Sand particles are larger and mud particles are smaller. The particles are washed into streams, then rivers, then the ocean. In the ocean they are carried by the currents until they are deposited in a calm shallow bay. Over a long time, a sand and mud beach is made, and continues to be built upon.
Optional: compare chalk and granite gravel. Do they break apart more quickly or slowly than the pottery.
Try chemical weathering with a dilute acid over several days. Vinegar and chalk.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 46.030087
Retrieved Text: This storm has changed the beach, really changed it. There are stones everywhere — and pieces of concrete and boulders washed down from the cliffs, and huge agglomerations of kelp, and very little sand — or at least, exposed sand.
This photo is taken looking down from the stairway (about 70 steps) that leads to the beach. You can see that the foam-topped water is right up at the base of the stairway supports. It was just past high tide; when the waves pulled back, all you could see was stones. Later in the day when we went for a walk, there was some sand showing, but it was a narrow band, and the surf was encroaching on it, so that we had to skitter up into the rocks. Speaking of which, no skitterers in sight. Where do they go during storms? Where are their nests? They must have cancelled their town meetings these past few days.
We will be exploring other beach-walking possibilities, unless the state park system does some beach terraforming/transforming. It is tricky to walk on layers of round, slippery stones. Wonder how and when the sand reappears, if the rocks get gathered together by the tides and pushed up against the cliffs again…questions!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 45.971783
Retrieved Text: Cape Lookout National Seashore in North Carolina.
Summer is approaching quickly, and going to the beach is on many people’s minds. Did you know the National Park Service operates several beaches, which can make for an awesome get-away.
Within the National Park Service you can find national seashores and lakeshores, which provide visitors with unpolluted beach retreats. And a bonus is that they are not nearly as crowded as other popular beach destinations. You can even camp right on the beach in most of them.
National park beaches are a great way to see what the shores looked like before humans came along.
Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore on Lake Superior in Michigan.
I’ve compiled four national park beach destinations that I love, and you’ll probably want to check out.
The Gulf Coast is a wonderful place to visit for your beach vacations. With crystal clear waters and white sandy beaches, the beauty is unmatched. The white sand also give the water a magnificent blue much like the Caribbean.
Enjoying the sunshine on blue waters at Gulf Islands National Seashore.
The first in line for national park beaches is Gulf Islands National Seashore.
Living in Arkansas, I always assumed people vacationed on the Gulf Coast because it is the closest to us. However, after I visited Florida two years ago, I realized it is also a premier beach vacation spot because of its beaches and waters.
The national seashore expands two states – Florida and Mississippi. My time on the seashore was at Pensacola Beach, Fla. Pensacola Beach is a great seaside town, but if you want

########
Rank: 9
Score: 45.945965
Retrieved Text: Before we tell you how weather and the elements get inside the rocks, we have to explain what we mean. The land erodes. When it rains or the air heats up, how can it affect rocks deep inside if everything is solid? Good question! We're glad you asked.
ONE: We talked about volcanoes before. Those volcanoes have lava vesicles (the tubes that bring lava to the surface). When those vesicles cool, sometimes holes remain. Those holes are like tubes that go directly into the bedrock. Weather, water, and heat/cold can get in those vesicles and affect the bedrock.
TWO: When any type of earthquake happens, sometimes faults develop. Those faults are cracks in the surface and in the bedrock. Wherever there is a way in, the weather will get inside and start eroding the bedrock.
THREE: You already know that the Earth is always moving. When stress on the land happens, small joints can occur. Joints are tiny cracks in the land. They aren't big like a fault. They are small cracks sometimes created by folding on the surface.
FOUR: Solution cavities are something special. There are special rocks out there with a lot of calcium. Limestone is a good example. Those rocks are (compared to others) very soft. When water gets near them, the rocks can dissolve easily. When they dissolve, cavities are created. Those cavities are small holes in the rocks. As time passes, the holes allow more and more water in, and the temperature/weather begins to erode the rock.
FIVE: Last are the super tiny holes, microscopic spaces

########
Rank: 10
Score: 45.137314
Retrieved Text: Getting to Hawaii's Papakolea Beach isn't easy—travelers must endure a hot, rugged nearly three-mile hike along sea cliffs to reach it.
Yet people make the trek every day.
Why? Papakolea's sand isn't golden or white—or even black. It's a deep olive green.
Most of us would relish a day at any old beach. But there's a certain thrill in sinking your toes into sand at a different kind of shore—one, like Papakolea, that looks so fantastical it could be straight out of a movie.
To say that Americans love beaches is an understatement. Approximately 85 percent of us visit a beach on vacation, according to Stephen P. Leatherman, Ph.D., a.k.a Dr. Beach, director of Florida International University's Laboratory for Coastal Research. "There's nothing like them," says Leatherman. "You've got sand, water and waves, plus cool, fresh air. Plus there's the nostalgia factor: everyone loved sand as a kid."
Quirky beaches just add another layer to the enjoyment. And the fact that only Mother Nature created these strange beaches is perhaps what's most astounding. No human hands were involved—just the perfect geologic storms of air, water, temperature, and pressure.
Our 50th state is rife with such occurrences. "We have black, black and green, black and red, green, and gray sand beaches in Hawaii," says Ken Hon, Ph.D., assistant professor of geology at the University of Hawaii at Hilo. "The colored beaches are almost all related to recent volcanic activity, except the white beaches, which are tied to coral reef erosion."
Halfway around the world, years of erosion unearthed immense rounded stones along Cape Town's

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.009697
Retrieved Text: Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore is truly one of the great natural treasures up north in Michigan. Along its 42 miles of Lake Superior shoreline are over 15 miles of towering sandstone cliffs, more than 12 miles of beautiful beaches, and nearly five miles of enormous sand dunes. In addition, there are waterfalls, lighthouses, lakes, streams, and birch forests to explore.
Pictured Rocks in Michigan from Ron Rademacher on Vimeo.
Video tour of the Pictured Rocks taken from the tour boat. The tour is fantastic and lasts well over an hour.
Unlike any other place on Lake Superior, the towering sandstone cliffs of the Pictured Rocks are best seen from the water. This video shows just a few highlights from a tour that ran almost 2 hours.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 44.920586
Retrieved Text: There are more than 8 miles of coastline in Laguna Beach. The terrain of the beaches varies from flat sandy beaches like that of Main Beach where you can walk from the downtown streets right on to the beach to shear cliffs that drop right in to the Pacific Ocean. Some of the beaches are all sand, free of rocks and stones and others are mostly rocks.
If you spend any time in Laguna you will notice that during the winter months a lot of the beaches loose a lot of sand. Victoria Beach is one of these beaches. In the winter some areas of Victoria loose almost all of the sand which exposes very rough rocks that can be very difficult to navigate. Always be careful when climbing or walking on these rocks because large swells or waves can take you by surprise and knock you over.
To give you a head start with discovering the beaches of Laguna, we have photographed the beaches from different angles so you can get an idea of the ones you'd like to explore first.
Let's take a look at some of the beaches.
Between Myrtle and Aster Streets along the beach side of Cliff Drive.
Private beach with interesting rock formations at the Montage Resort in South Laguna.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 44.869686
Retrieved Text: The coast is the strip of land near the ocean that includes the beach and the immediate inland area beside it. Coasts can be rocky and rugged or gently sloped. Paleocoasts are generally older coasts that were submerged under later marine transgressions and then lifted tectonically above sea level, exposing their sea floor features.
The constant impact of waves can dramatically alter even the most rugged, rocky coastline. Soluble rocks like limestones are dissolved, softer rocks are easily eroded, and even harder rocks like granite are fractured by the impact of waves. An irregular coast has many coves separated by irregular rocky points called headlands.
Wave action eventually straightens and smoothes the coastline. The headlands receive the greatest force of the waves, and the bays are the most sheltered. The headlands are broken down more quickly than the bays, and the eroded material is deposited in the coves. This process of the headlands being cut back and the flanking beaches being widened is called coastal straightening (Figure 1).
Constant wave action along a rocky shore creates prominent sea cliffs. Sea cliffs retreat by mass wasting as waves undercut the cliffs in the wave zone, creating rock falls into the sea. Sea caves are cavities that are eroded into rock in the wave zone. As sea cliffs retreat, they leave behind, beneath the surf, a flat‐lying bench of eroded rock called the wave‐cut platform. Stacks are erosional remnants of sea cliffs that are rooted to the wave‐cut platform and stand above the surface of the water. Sea arches are stacks

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.823288
Retrieved Text: This green sand beach near South Point, the southernmost tip of the island, is located in a small cove at the base of a huge cinder cone called Puu O Mahana. The striking green sand of Green Sand Beach, also called Mahana Beach and Papakolea Beach, is the result of olivine deposits in the nearby rocks. Mahana Beach can be quite windy in the afternoons so it is best to come early. There is little shade at Mahana so it is best to wear a hat and bring sunscreen.
Sunbathing, exploring. Swimming only when water is very calm and only very near the shore.
Puu O Mahana cinder cone is battered by the weather and waves and thus small nuggets of the green olivine gem–a semi-precious mineral–are sometimes found along the beach or in the nearby cove. Spinner dolphin pods are also seen here quite often.
Mahana Beach is exposed to the open ocean and subject to strong waves breaking on shore. Stay very close to shore if you swim as there are strong offshore currents. Do not go in the water at all if it appears rough. Removing any sand from this beach is not allowed.
Follow the paved South Point road from the highway for about 12 miles to where the pavement ends, then follow the rugged route for about 2.5 miles to the beach. Driving with a 4-wheel-drive vehicle is allowed with a permit from Hawaiian Homelands (808-974-4250), or you can walk the 2.5 miles from Kaulana Boat Ramp along the rough trail. When you reach the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 44.80868
Retrieved Text: There are many beaches in the US and there are even more beaches in Hawaii. You will find some of the most beautiful beaches here in Hawaii, but there are also some very dangerous ones. A beach near Waikiki is titled “Most Dangerous Beach USA Hawaii”. But is this really true?
Not too far away from Waikiki, you will find the most dangerous beach in America!
About 30 minutes away from Waikiki, there is one of the most dangerous beach in the US. There, the waves can even be fatal on a very nice and sunny day. Waves can very easily pick you up and throw you back down, injuring you on the hard packed sand and rocks if you are not familiar with the breaks. The waves can break on the beach with an incredible power and whirl up the sand. In extreme cases, you can break your bones and in the worst case your neck.
Strong currents, extreme waves and no mercy! This is how you describe a day at the most dangerous beach in Hawaii. Waves rushing back to the ocean, can be so strong that even a pro can be thrown away by them. If this happens there is only one thing you can do – don’t cramp.
But does Sandy Beach really deserve the reputation being the most dangerous beach on Hawaii?
The safest and simplest strategy is: Don’t go into the water!
We explain everybody during our tours why Sandy Beach is so dangerous.
Those who refuse to follow rules, shall feel the consequences!
If you decide to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 44.532192
Retrieved Text: I had many religion professors when I was at BYU, and they all taught me many wonderful things. However, one of the teachings that has stuck with me the most was the advice that Randy L. Bott gave us during our Missionary Preparation class. He suggested that no matter where we found ourselves in this big, wide world, whether it be on a university campus, in a bustling city, or a sleepy little town, that we find a “personal Sacred Grove” where we could go when we needed to ponder, meditate, and find answers to life’s many questions. I’d already found such a place on campus, but I decided to make that a life-long practice. Since then I have found and created some very special places in Madison, France, and now Senegal where I can go when I need to clear my head and get away from life in Dakar.
La Place du Souvenir is about a 10-15 minute walk from my apartment in Mermoz. Like many public areas, it’s a now-abandoned square. It has a couple of non-functioning fountains, two big empty buildings, and a large brass-colored sculpture of the African continent in the middle of what I imagine is supposed to be a reflecting pool. Small tower-like things in the shape of stars come up out of the pool and surround the base of the sculpture of the African continent. The sculpture and pool is located right on the edge of a small cliff that overlooks the Atlantic Ocean. It’s quite beautiful there. Deep red

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.958813
Retrieved Text: Rocks Tag wallpapers: Sky Believe Rocks Blue Sea Live Wallpaper Ocean Pc. Nature Ocean Rocks Beach Stones Sand Clouds Closeup Blue Water White Tide Sky Background Pictures Wallpaper. Rocks Waves California Water Sunlight Ocean Californian Beaches Coast Sunset Coastline Beach Wallpaper Large. Level Rocks Creek West Romney Virginia Calm River Photo Free Download. Island Coast Norfolk Pine Line Ocean Rocks Trees Pines Best Wallpapers. Sea Palm Coconut Tropical Trees Seychelles Little Hotel Turquoise Island Beautiful Beach Rocks Sand Summer Wallpaper S6.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 43.853146
Retrieved Text: There are many sights you can see by driving through Acadia National Park. The park loop road and Cadillac Mountain are probably the 2 most popular. You can take the park bus to see the park loop road. The best part about taking the park bus is you can get on and off at each of the stops and not worry about finding a place to park. In the peak of the summer it can be nearly impossible to find a parking spot at some of the more popular attractions.
The Park loop road is 27 miles long and provides access to Sand Beach, Thunder Hole, Otter Cliffs, Jordan Pond, and Cadillac Mountain. It is closed during the winter and usually reopens on April 15th.
Sand Beach is one of the more popular spots on the loop road and on a hot summer day the parking lot can fill up fast. It doesn’t take long to cool off in ocean water that rarely gets warmer than 55 degrees. Early morning and sunset strolls on the beach are very popular. Just after a storm you might get lucky and find a few sand dollars on the beach. At the far end of the beach is access to Great Head Trail and is one of our favorite short hikes in Acadia. This trail offers great views of Sand Beach and the surrounding mountains, particularly The Beehive.
Sand Beach is dog friendly to leashed dogs in all seasons but the summer. It is closed to dogs from June 15th to September 15th.
Thunder

########
Rank: 19
Score: 43.83137
Retrieved Text: It's the most beautiful bay in Anguilla and walking along this Anguilla beach you will find the path to the Iguana Cave.
Nori's Reply: Katouche Bay is a magnificent sight and from the cliffs above the view is breath taking.
This photo is particularly interesting. You snapped it on quite an eerie day, with the fog rolling in off of the Atlantic ocean. The sea also appears to be surging, considering the waves below.
Past the Southern end of Katouche Bay (past the opening towards the cave and beyond what looks like the end of the beach) there are many pretty secret, hidden beaches. As you said, Tiffany, there are rocks between the main Katouche Bay and these hidden beaches.
You have to do a slight climb up and down these rocks, but it's not arduous and it's well worth it when you see a small spit of sand, all to yourself!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 43.748337
Retrieved Text: MINERALS, ROCKS, AND SOILDifferent rock types—igneous, sedimentary, and .. These terms and definitions are available ... Mineralogy4Kids is a website for children. Follow the Rock.definition of sedimentary rock for kids,Geokids Handbook for First Grade Teachers - Stanford Earth5 mini-stations on a table with one sedimentary rock (gritty sandstone), one metamorphic rock . You can begin by asking the kids what are rocks made of. How do . The word "metamorphic" comes from the Greek language, which means "to.Fossils and Rocks - Schoolsmeans, electronic or mechanical including photocopying, recording, or by any .. Some common forms of sedimentary rock are sandstone, .. books for children.
9.3 Sedimentary rocks 283. 9.4 Stability and change: . Attempt to classify them as igneous, sedimentary ... spectacular examples of this is the Grand Canyon in.
Lesson #1 - How Do Rocks and Minerals Influence Our Lives? ... and to determine if local rock is classified as sedimentary, igneous or metamorphic. This will be .. could specify relationship to children's uses or school's uses – all the rocks and minerals visible to the .. Define the difference between a rock and a mineral.
You may want to use sand as an example of sedimentary rocks forming today. Ask students . beach." Children can spend endless hours on the beach, creating.
5 mini-stations on a table with one sedimentary rock (gritty sandstone), one metamorphic rock . You can begin by asking the kids what are rocks made of. How do . The word "metamorphic" comes from the Greek language, which means "to.
means, electronic or mechanical including photocopying,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 43.607025
Retrieved Text: Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore, located just a few miles east of the small town of Munising, in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, is an outdoor lover's paradise. It boasts sandstone cliffs, waterfalls, beaches, lakes and sand dunes. It also offers numerous hiking trails, camping, sightseeing and other year round activities.
The North Country National Scenic Trail follows the shoreline which offers spectacular views of Lake Superior, the largest, deepest, coldest and most pristine of all of the Great Lakes. Although, the best views, in my opinion, are seen directly from the water. There are a few options in which to do this. One option, which is my favorite, is to rent sea kayaks from Paddling Michigan to get up close and personal with the sandstone cliffs and crystal clear water. If you are not too keen about strapping yourself into a kayak, there is more leisurely option of a scenic boat cruise with Pictured Rocks Cruises that travels along the shoreline. We opted to do both and it was definitely worth the splurge!
Can you believe this is the Midwest?
We enjoyed our time immensely at Pictured Rocks and hope to return soon!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 43.547966
Retrieved Text: In addition to my own pictures, I added a few better ones from the creative folks at Flickr Creative Commons. Thanks!
Sydney is the most livable city I've ever visited, with its beautiful bay, good weather, pub culture and outdoor recreational possibilities. And the beaches along the coast add the crowning touch. So make sure you get out to some of Sydney's beautiful beaches, sand crescents backed by cliffs, with swimming pools set into the cliff bases, and with rocks out in the distance and surfers out among them, braving the huge breakers. The cliff rocks are often carved by the winds into fascinating matrices of mini-caves and ledges.
This spectacular route follows the Bondi to Coogee Coastal Walk, between these two beach neighborhoods in eastern Sydney. The trail follows the sandstone clifftops, with all the great scenery in between. It visits five beaches, plus countless vistas, rocks, parks, rock-pool baths, and beach houses: it's one of the most inspiring spots for a run that you'll ever find, anywhere. And it's right in this multi-million-resident city.
On one of my last trips to Sydney, I decided to get a room in Bondi to enjoy some beach life in depth, and I was glad I did. You can get there from the city center by taking the T4 train to Bondi Junction, then a bus to the beach (lines 380, 381, 382 or 333). The trains and buses all run every 10 minutes. The 380 and 333 buses to Bondi Beach also leave directly from Circular Quay, in the city

########
Rank: 23
Score: 43.51771
Retrieved Text: The Northern California coastline has the absolute most photogenic shorelines and magnificent spots to wander anyplace on the planet. Here are the Top Beaches in Northern California. From the Oregon border to the San Francisco Bay Area, there are more than 300 shorelines that run from the wild and remote shorelines of Del Norte County to the wide and sandy shorelines of San Mateo County. Before making your next tour to NorCal, make a point to investigate these beautiful Northern California shorelines. The remarkable seaboard of Northern California offers voyagers a blend of pleasant shorelines and shrouded bays – from occupied shoreline regions, for example, Santa Cruz to increasingly serene, private zones, for example, Lagoon Creek Beach.
Situated close Fort Bragg, these three shorelines are renowned for the abundance of ocean glass that has been made because of trash being dumped into a territory of coastline close to the town’s northern part. Note that the glass may not be expelled or exasperates, so guests are free to take pictures however are reminded not to take anything home with them. There is additionally an incredible outing spot situated on the stones and cliffs that ignore the most northern of the three shorelines in MacKerricher State Park.
Situated at San Francisco’s peninsula. It is one of the most famous beaches in the region and is popular for its stunning views of the marine headlands and Golden Gate Bridge. There are restroom facilities and picnic areas.what’s more, depending upon when you visit, you might conceivably get harbor porpoises playing the sand.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 43.473682
Retrieved Text: Yesterday i ventured out to carlsbad, i left the house a little late and had an errand to run before i headed to the coast. After my errand was finished there was little time to scout so i decided to go to the cliffs and shoot there. I have shot in this area many times before, strangely enough though i had never actually photographed the cliffs themselves which is really the biggest draw to this place.......go figure. So with location picked and subject for the days photos in mind i went on my merry way! I got there and there was still a little time to figure out what i wanted to pull off and i picked my spot by where all these cool moss covered rocks are. The tide was low but i could tell that it would be coming up soon i set up took some light readings and waited for the sun to come down some more and do its thing. I was hoping for more clouds from the recent rain but alas it was not to be, there were just a few and i would have to settle for that. A little waiting around and soon things started to come together, the light was turning this golden color, the red cliffs really come to life in this kind of light, the green moss gives a nice contrasting color, the waves had come up enough that the sand was wet and i was getting a nice reflection of the sky in it. With

########
Rank: 25
Score: 43.37961
Retrieved Text: On the way back through Princeville one day, we decided to stop off at the Queen’s Bath. My sister had heard of it from some of her local friends, and wanted to check it out, so we found our way over there.
Queen’s Bath is on the northeast coast of Kauai. There is a little parking lot designated for parking, but don’t park anywhere else or your car will get towed.
It’s about a ten minute scramble down to the ocean from the parking lot, I can’t really call it a hike? But there are stairs and a dirt path that takes you down there.
Once you get down to the lava rocks, turn left, and keep walking. It’s further than you think it’s going to be, and if you don’t see anyone else coming back you will probably think you are lost, but you aren’t.
Queen’s Bath is a big, rounded pool that is surrounded by rocks on all sides, and sits right against the ocean. Depending on whether you are there during high or low tide, or summer or winter, it can be varying levels of dangerous to swim there, but they dissuade people from swimming because there have been so many drownings.
When a wave set starts rolling in, they break directly on the rocks surrounding the pool, and then there is a little break in the rocks that forms a tunnel, the water from the wave gets sucked back out to sea, and if there are any swimmers in there who are inexperienced or unprepared, they often

########
Rank: 26
Score: 43.366203
Retrieved Text: Beachfront 2br, 2 Bath condo-Directly on Beach! Beautiful Views Of The Gulf!
Beautiful 2 Bed/2 bath Beach House, both Family & Pet Friendly!
“Best house on the beach!” We will never forget our memories on Indian Rocks Beach! We wish we lived here, and could wake up every morning to the views and the ocean. The beach is only steps outside the back patio doors, with no tourists and crowds.
“Comfortable” Comfortable spot but very old furniture. It was a block away from the beach. Everything was fine, although nothing outstanding to note.
Living The Life of Luxury at 102 Pier House - Now Booking Summer Vacations!
Entire 4 bed/2 bath Vacation Beach House, Fenced Yard & Family and Pet Friendly!
Honeymoon Suite 350 ft. from Indian Rocks Beach!
Updated Indian Rocks Beach Home - Walk to Shore!
Indian Rocks Condo w/ Swim Spa 350 ft from Beach!
Relax at Intracoastal waterfront Paradise few steps from the beach!
Beach Home w waterfront pool and fishing boat dock-Spectacular views!
Adorable 6 bedroom vacation rental steps away from the sand.
“Very comfortable home!” Really enjoyed our stay. Great proximity to the beach and other fun things to do. The home was spacious and comfortable.
Monthly Rental available for January! Direct Gulf Front in Indian Rocks Beach!
NEW! Indian Rocks Beach Cottage Steps from Ocean!
Located in the north central area of Florida's beautiful Gulf Coast, Indian Rocks Beach is the perfect vacation paradise. This idyllic Florida destination offers fun activities for visitors of all ages during every season of the year. Come here for a memorable family getaway, a few days of relaxation

########
Rank: 27
Score: 43.14499
Retrieved Text: Stay in luxury and comfort with the latest modern open plan design caravan accommodation that is spacious and contemporary with earth tones and soft furnishings. Braddicks caravan holidays in Devon is located steps from an award winning beach, the golden bay sweeping around some 3 miles of sand to the backing of the stone ridge and then the Burrows reserve.
After a busy day on the rocks and beach activities, retire to the premier accommodation and wash that sand and salt off in the spacious shower cubicle and prepare a family meal in the fully equipped kitchen with full size fridge/freezer. Eat in the open plan diner or go alfresco on to the lovely wrap around decking and take in amazing scenery of country and coast, crashing surf, beach action, fishing off rocks, the amazing sand dunes, and rugged cliffs, and then the large expanse that is the Atlantic, meeting the estuaries and out to Lundy Island.
Retire to the comfortable lounge with panoramic windows and see the ocean so close. The latest caravans continues the parks high standards with cleaning, high quality linens and towels all provided. You will receive a warm friendly welcome at Braddicks and just like the luxurious accommodation, great on site facilities for all your needs and an excellent program of evening entertainment is especially scouted for the best of cabaret, magicians, vocalists and comedians to give a perfect ending to a day by this fantastic traditional seaside resort.
Spend a week in luxury at affordable rates and experience some really good service in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 43.001873
Retrieved Text: I recently returned from a trip to Australia, and we had some terrific landscape photography on the beach. I’ve never seen such interesting rocks, lichen and huge sea cliffs all packed into one trip. I really wanted to capture the dramatic, moody scenes along the beach. Anytime you are photographing the beach and ocean, the big question becomes what shutter speed do you use for the waves.
There is no right or wrong answer. The question becomes what feeling and mood are you trying to convey. If you use a fast shutter speed, say 1/1000, then you will freeze the water and spray, great for a dynamic action shot showing the power of the ocean. But I wanted to go the other direction and create more mystery than action.
For the image at top, I put on a Singh-Ray 5 stop ND filter and photographed using a shutter speed of six seconds. This allowed the waves to wash over the rocks and recede back into the ocean during the long exposure. I refer to this as the ‘Cotton effect’. Water just looks like featureless cotton, almost like mist…very tranquil.
For this shot I decided I wanted more texture and direction in the water. I still wanted lots of soft, silky water, but with a touch of clarity. For this image I shot at 1/2 second. I really like the mixture of soft water with textured water.
So what is the perfect shutter speed? It is up to you! Currently I really like around 1/2 second to 2 seconds, but it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 42.88277
Retrieved Text: I have always lived near the ocean. Well, near enough, anyway. We can be at a couple of different beaches within 40 minutes. And we can be on Cape Cod in under an hour. I guess, when you spend your whole life living near the water, you take it for granted. So I want to use this post to write down what I love about the ocean.
I love to listen to the sound of the surf. When I was a kid, I used to spend a lot of time on Orr’s Island in Maine. And I loved falling asleep to the sound of the waves crashing against the rocks.
I love walking on the beach and finding beautiful shells and unique rocks and sea glass. Years ago I found a rock that’s shaped like a heart and it’s been sitting on my bedside table ever since.
I love to swim in the salt water and ride the waves. A couple of summers ago Dale and I spent a day at Goosewing Beach in Little Compton, RI. The waves were fantastic and we had a blast in the water that day. I was exhausted by the time we went home.
I love to eat at restaurants that are on the water. There’s nothing more relaxing than drinking a cold beer and admiring the ocean view.
I love to knit on the beach. It’s relaxing and soothing and a great way to pass the time.
I love the availability of fresh fish. Lobsters and clams and fish aren’t always cheap around here but

================



======= Instance Index 36 =========
Input Text: Process:
- An airline reservation is made
- The passenger arrives early at the airport
- The luggage is checked
- The passenger waits in line
- The passenger shows their identification and gets a boarding pass
- The passenger goes to their gate
- The passenger gets in line when it's time to board
- The person boards the plane
- The plane arrives at the destination
- The passenger gets off the plane at their destination.

Question:
suppose there is no traffic to airport happens, how will it affect more luggage checked.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.54538
Retrieved Text: To bring a wrapped gift or not to bring a wrapped gift to the airport?
That is the question, especially during the holidays, when a flurry of travelers head home to be with loved ones. Like Santa, they’ll bear a bag of gifts (maybe a beard), but with the added security measures at the airport, wrapping them becomes questionable. No one wants to see their beautiful wrapping job go to waste when security rips it to shreds, nor do they want to spoil the surprise for the person they’re giving it to.
Unfortunately, there’s no getting around either of those scenarios, unless you ship them beforehand. Otherwise, the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) recommends that travelers do not wrap gifts – whether checked in or carried on. TSA security officers may need to unwrap the gifts to inspect the contents further, so wrap them upon arrival.
If the gift happens to be a liquid that’s more than 3.4 ounces (wine, beer, jams, jellies), then travelers must send it through a checked-in luggage. TSA suggests not sending any valuable or expensive gift items through checked-in luggage. This includes electronics, fragile items and jewelry; travelers should carry them on instead.
The good news is that there are ways to avoid spoiling the surprise of the gift. Travlers can wrap them in bubble wrap because it’s see-through but should use rubber bands instead of tape to secure the wrap. This makes it easier to remove if security needs to inspect further.
Another way to get around being a Christmas killjoy would be to wrap the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 33.852463
Retrieved Text: Scandinavian Airlines, also known as SAS Airlines, is a joint flag carrier airline for Denmark, Norway and Sweden, with headquarters located in Solna, Sweden. It has hubs in all three countries, even though its primary base is in Sweden, situated at Copenhagen Airport in Denmark, Stockholm Arlanda Airport in Sweden and Oslo Gardermoen Airport in Norway. SAS Airlines has further operations at Stavanger Airport, Bergen Airport, Trondheim Airport and Goteborg Landvetter Airport. It was founded in 1946 by the joining of three countries' individual flag carriers, which were at the time, Det Norske Luftfartselskap in Norway, Svensk Interkontinental Lufttrafik in Sweden and Det Danske Luftfartselskab in Denmark.
Today the SAS airline has a fleet of more than 130 aircraft and operates flights to nearly 120 airports around the world. Some of its most popular flights are those to London, Alicante, Beijing and Washington D.C. It was involved in the founding of the Star Alliance in 1997 and remains a member to this day. Besides its alliance membership, the airline also operates codeshares with Icelandair, Etihad Airways, airBaltic and Nextjet.
SAS airlines offer an online check-in service for its passengers' convenience. This service is available from 22 hours up until 1 hour prior to a flight's scheduled departure time. It also allows passengers to perform various other time saving tasks online, such as choose their seat, add to their luggage allowance or pay for luxury lounge access at the airport. After they have checked in online, passengers can print their own boarding cards or those of other passengers on

########
Rank: 2
Score: 33.680756
Retrieved Text: When passengers entrust their bags to the care of airlines, it is in the belief that they will move such luggage from the point of departure to the point of arrival, with no worry about their safety. Unfortunately, such has not been the case in Nigeria in recent years. Greed and job dissatisfaction seem to be at the centre of pilfering at the airports, yet there should be no excuse for this criminal behaviour.
However, it must be noted that tampering with passengers’ luggage is not peculiar to Nigerian airports. A recent CNN report revealed how airport workers in the United States were stealing from a luggage, unaware that they were being recorded on a hidden camera. According to the report, the Miami-Dade Police Department set up the camera following several reports of missing by travellers who check in their luggage. The report stated further that there were 30,621 claims of missing valuables, mostly packed in checked luggage with JF Kennedy International Airport in New York topping the list of airports with the most claims of thefts from luggage. But that cannot be a justification for what happens on our shores.
Findings revealed that all it takes for a bag to fall prey to this nefarious act is for such luggage to appear so attractive with “designer logos” on them. Such bags will be trailed by the criminals right from the foot of the aircraft to the conveyor point and shortly before it reaches arrival hall.
On November 10, a FAAN Aviation Security (AVSEC) personnel was arrested at the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 33.484337
Retrieved Text: Air Travel Tips - Take the Stress Out of Flying!
Flying can be a confusing and stressful part of your travel experience. These air travel tips will tell you all the advice we have learnt on our travels - everything we wished we knew on our first flight!
Every international airport is different, every airline has different regulations and airport security can be very daunting.
Being early and prepared are the two most important air travel tips. Make sure you leave lots of time to negotiate a busy airport. This is important to remain calm and stress free. Remember, after checking in, you must pass through airport security and often passport control which can be time consuming.
There are a lot of airport and airline regulations. Make sure you have checked your airline's baggage allowance, otherwise you may find yourself with a hefty fine. Budget airlines are particularly strict. Some airlines restrict the number of checked in bags whilst others are more focused on the weight and size of your luggage.
Don't think you can move your extra shopping into your carry on luggage either! Many airlines will weigh that too!
With the expanding world of the internet, a common question is "How do I find cheap air travel tickets or air travel deals?" It can certainly be difficult! These air travel tips will help you find the cheapest airline tickets. Comparing ticket prices can be easy with a comparison website. Click here to find out more.
So what about the flight itself? Flying can at times be an endurance activity. It is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 33.124996
Retrieved Text: Vueling is a low-cost Spanish airline based in Barcelona. It was founded in 2004 and is now the largest airline in Spain, both in terms of the number of destinations that it flies to and because of the size of its fleet. Its 107 aircraft fly from hubs in both Barcelona-El Prat and Leonardo da Vinci - Fiumicino International Airport in Rome, and it also flies from many other bases throughout Europe. It is a subsidiary of IAG (International Airlines Group), which was created in 2011 by a merger between British Airways and Iberia, with Aer Lingus and IAG Cargo also being subsidiaries. Passengers can claim Avios miles on Vueling flights with their loyalty program called Vueling Club or by joining in the Iberia Plus program. Vueling has codeshare agreements with the main two airlines included in IAG, as well as Cathay Pacific and Qatar Airways.
How do I check in online with Vueling?
It is usually possible to choose your seat during your booking process, but if not, Vueling online check-in is available from seven days before your flight up to one hour before your scheduled departure. However, if you are leaving from Heathrow, check-in is only available from 24 hours before your flight. Passengers who have booked an Optima or Excellence Fare or have selected a seat with the Basic Fare while booking will not be charged for check-in and your boarding pass will be sent to you after confirmation by email. In addition to this, an Excellence Fare will allocate you a seat in the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 32.549664
Retrieved Text: Hangzhou airport’s official name is Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport (IATA: HGH, ICAO: ZSHC), the only passenger airport serving Hangzhou, the capital city of Zhejiang Province in China.
The Hangzhou airport is situated on the southern shore of Qiantang River in Xiaoshan District, about 27 km east of the city center of Hangzhou, hence the name of Hangzhou Xiaoshan airport.
Now you are going to take a flight for Hangzhou and begin your Hangzhou tour. You may would like to know some basic imformation on Hangzhou airport, its facitlites, its airport transportation. Well, this article will offer you some practical tips for your easy airport transfer.
Arrival at Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport in a foggy day.
The baggage claim area at the arrival hall. Hangzhou airport terminal has two floors – arrival hall on the first floor and departure on the second floor.
Take your checked luggage and have your luggage tag checked at the exit.
At the arrival hall, the shuttle bus ticketing office is on your right hand. Your Hangzhou city center bound buses or nearby cities bound buses are waiting outside the arrival.
If you’d like to relax yourself and take a cup of coffee or drink, on your right hand, you will see a cafe shop named “Celeberity City Coffee.
After disembarking and claiming your checked luggage, you will be in the arrival hall. On your right hand is the ticketing office for airport shuttle buese and on your left hand is the taxi stand where arrival passengers lining up for taxis.
This entry was posted on Friday, December 30th, 2011 at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 32.54119
Retrieved Text: What Is a Layover and How Long Do You Need For Connecting Flights?
If you've ever wondered what a layover is—and just how long you should pencil in for a connecting flight—here's everything you need to know.
Like to have a sit-down meal during your layover? You may want to build in a little extra time.
No matter how much of a savvy flier you think you are, odds are you've found yourself sprinting through the airport at breakneck speed to make a connection at one point in time (hey, it happens to the best of us). And while there’s no one magic number for how long travelers need to change flights, knowing how connections work—and some tips for timing them—can make the process of switching flights a lot less painful.
How Long Should You Leave Between Connecting Flights?
The actual minimum amount of time you need to connect for each flight varies based on a lot of factors, including whether the flight is domestic or international, whether or not you have luggage that needs to be transferred, boarding times, and how far you'll have to walk between gates (we see you, 6,800,000-square-foot Atlanta airport). To keep it simple, having three hours between each connecting flight means that there’s a good chance you’ll be covered by that time frame and most likely have time for an Auntie Anne's pretzel (or three).
To be clear, this isn’t an exact science—instead, it’s a conservative estimate from airlines and travel experts that will keep travelers covered in many connecting situations. Airlines already have a good

########
Rank: 7
Score: 32.470867
Retrieved Text: At Manchester Airport, we make the safety and security of customers and staff our absolute priority.
To make your journey as smooth as possible and avoid unnecessary delays, we ask that you pay special attention to our security procedure.
For the benefit of all passengers’ security, departing passengers may be required to be screened using security (body) scanning equipment at Manchester Airport.
Our advanced technology scanners are part of a range of security measures, some of which may not be obvious. These include a deliberate element of unpredictability in their deployment. This means you may experience a different process than you did on your last visit to Manchester Airport.
Scanners are the safe*, quick, and simple to use solution for speeding passengers through security whilst achieving higher levels of security detection than has previously been possible.
Assessment of scan data is conducted using the latest computer algorithms and no personal data is saved.
You may opt out of being screened by security scanner. In this instance, you must either be screened by an alternative method which includes at least an enhanced hand search in private or you will not be permitted to enter the security restricted area, or, if applicable, you will be removed from it. An enhanced hand search in private will take place in a private room or an area away from the main search comb. This may involve the loosening and/or removal of clothing.
*They do not use x-rays.
*Artists' acrylic, oil or watercolour paint is permitted as long as the individual container contains no more than 100ml. Normal liquid bag

########
Rank: 8
Score: 32.45198
Retrieved Text: Easy, from home page, just fill in the booking form, making sure you give us all the details necessary inc flight number, arrival time & mobile no, if available.
Do I have to book my journey in advance?
Although you can book your transfer whenever you would like, we always recommend you do this at least 24 hours prior to your required pick-up. Short notice request cannot always be honoured seeing we might not have an available service provider(=driver) in the area of your request or we might be fully booked at the time. In extreme situations, your booking can be cancelled if we are unable to find an available service provider(=driver) , but we will inform you within 24 hours of reservation (applies to reservation processed online - website).
No, you can book a taxi without an account.
Are there any time restrictions to make a reservation?
Our reservation system working as Pre-booking system,we can not provide your service at the same hour or at the same day of your reservation, we only accept the reservations for atleast 24 hours later from your reservation date/time but we operate 365 days a year, 7 days a week, 24 hours a day.
We have a network of over 1000 operators, in the event that we can not supply the vehicle in the first instance we will be able to book the journey with one of our other partner companies. We will do this automatically and for the same price. If you are booking for an event like a race day or music festival

########
Rank: 9
Score: 32.38159
Retrieved Text: Netizens are already jumping up and down about the increases in AirAsia’s baggage prices. We’ve got all the info here, so you can check exactly how the change in pricing will affect you.
With the new baggage pricing structure, pre-booking checked baggage via Manage My Booking will be subjected to an additional charge on top of the current price. Basically, that means, you pay more if you don’t add baggage straight away when you make the initial booking but add it later through the ‘Manage my booking’ feature.
This new checked baggage pre-booked pricing applies to all flights (carrier codes: AK, FD, QZ, Z2, i5, D7, XT, XJ) except bookings made for flights originating from Indonesia and India.
Pre-book checked baggage allowance when you book your flights as checked baggage booked after the completion of the initial flight booking process will be charged at a higher price.
Before you get too excited, you’ll be pleased if you pay the extra through ‘Manage my Booking’, because if you wait until you get to the airport, that’s where the pain really hits!
How much will my luggage cost?
As the baggage cost varies depending on the currency you use to pay, you can check the applicable costs for your flights using this link – enter your departure location and destination.
Check the weight before you head for the airport!
Now you know how much you can carry, get yourself a digital bag scale. The price has come down considerably since we bought our ‘brick’ some years ago, and there are quite a few types on the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.373966
Retrieved Text: Travel in and out of the city is set to get even more convenient! Emirates Airline is testing out a new self-service check in kiosk, with plans to install them at various Metro stations throughout Dubai. The machines will allow passengers to check in for their flight, select seats and print a boarding pass without having to queue once they arrive at the airport. Luggage could then be checked in at dedicated quick baggage counters, while passengers carrying only hand luggage would be able to head straight to immigration.
According to Dubai newspaper XPRESS, the Mall of the Emirates station will be the first one to receive the innovative new machines. This stop is just a five minute ride from Tecom’s Metro station, conveniently located right outside The First Group’s up and coming Metro Central Hotel Apartments. From there, commuters will be able to enjoy a quick and easy traffic free commute directly to Dubai International Airport’s doorstep.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.13222
Retrieved Text: I have a friend who worries. Her husband says that even when she has nothing about which to worry, she worries about whatever next could go wrong long before it possibly can. He added that having a “designated worrier” has made his life much easier—while she worries, he can relax and enjoy himself! His comment made me remember a trip we took to the Cayman Islands nearly forty years ago. We were accompanied by a worrying friend.
The morning of our departure, we awoke to several feet of unexpected snow. Although we’d allowed more than enough time to arrive at the airport in normal conditions, traffic was at a snail’s pace that morning. Our friend Josh would look from his watch to the speedometer and then announce by how many minutes we’d miss our plane’s departure. “At seven miles per hour, we’re precisely twenty-two-and-a-half minutes late!” he’d declare, only to modify his prediction when the traffic sped up or slowed down. Once at O’Hare, we discovered the weather had delayed our plane’s take-off and we had just a few minutes to get to the gate. As we checked luggage and ran through the airport, Josh continued to analyze by how many minutes we’d miss our flight. Fortunately, our plane was still at the gate and we managed to board. Josh then calculated how late we’d be for our next connection. When we arrived in Miami, however, our plane, also having been delayed by weather, was still at the gate and we again boarded in the nick of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.11644
Retrieved Text: Make use of your remaining time and explore Bangkok hands-free!
The team of Airportels is super professional and helpful. I chatted with them back and forth to make sure my luggages were okay, and their responds were so quick. Definitely will use their service again next time I visit Bangkok.
We all know that time is precious, especially when traveling. Add the burden of heavy luggage to the mix and holidays can suddenly feel very stressful. If you’re traveling on business, there's no need to worry about bringing your baggage to meetings. Make the most of your holiday by spending your final hours enjoying Bangkok hands free as your luggage is safely delivered to Suvarnabhumi (BKK) airport within four hours. The airport storage service is also ideal for travelers with a layover in Bangkok who want to explore the city for the day. With 24 hour security and a highly efficient delivery team, the airport luggage service makes travel more convenient and stress-free than ever!
Enjoy your final hours in Bangkok and be notified when your luggage is waiting for you at the airport!
The counter is at the entrance of walkway from Terminal 2 to Terminal 1 on the 1st Floor.
Airportels Luggage Storage is the best service which you can opt at DMK airport for storing your luggage. If you have a flight at night you can easily store luggage at their counter and roam around the city conveniently without any worries. Best service I've ever witnessed. Airportels Luggage Storage is the best service which you can opt at

########
Rank: 13
Score: 31.964357
Retrieved Text: Quickly and easily check the weight of your carry-on or checked baggage with the Foldable Digital Luggage Scale from Samsonite.
The Foldable Digital Luggage Scale from Samsonite is the frequent flyers best friend, this handy little scale can be used to accurately measure the weight of your luggage to ensure you are within the airlines baggage allowances.
An easy to read digital screen means there is no guessing and your weight will always be accurate. Simple, easy to follow and remember instructions accompany the scale and ensure everyone will understand how to use this new age scale.
Don't take any chances, purchase the Foldable Digital Luggage Scale from Samsonite and ensure peace of mind before you reach the airport!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 31.872496
Retrieved Text: I am going to the USA next week and want to bring some bottles of the good stuff as presents for my relatives living over there.
My flight was cheap however it requires me to make a stop over.
My question is regarding the security issue with Liquids.
You are only allowed 100ml containers with liquid however if you buy stuff in Duty Free in the Airport before your connection are you able to get past this restriction.
If I buy a bottle of Whisky at Glasgow international airport and carry it with me on Hand Luggage, will I not be allowed through with it when I get my connection flight from Newark. Or am I past the security barrier when I come of the plane and wont go through any baggage checks?
As Newark is your entry point into the US you'll need to clear immigration and customs, which will involve collecting your checked luggage, and then re-checking your luggage and re-clearing security before catching your onward flight.
As you need to re-clear security you will not be able to take any liquids with you on the domestic flight (exception the <100ml rule), so your only option is to pack the Duty Free into your checked bags before you re-check them.
Even if the airline doesn't have such a policy, you'll want to make sure that the alcohol is packed very well. Airlines often do not treat checked bags well, and if you don't believe that the bottle in your luggage will not survive a drop of a few yards onto a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 31.815096
Retrieved Text: great location. Small room as expected, but will kept. Great to be through security the evening before an early flight.
Great hotel, very convenient in the airport terminal.
We were traveling and had midnight to 8 a.m. between flights. The Mercure was a convenient and comfortable place to spend the time. We slept and awoke refreshed for the next leg of our journey.
Close to airport attractions, amenities and gates.
Location: inside Shiphol terminal, beyond the security check. If you have a late flight into AMS and a connection out early next day then this is perfect as you do not have to go through security again. That does not work if you have checked luggage, though.
Location excellent for long layover or very early departure.
Great to have a hotel in the secure airport! The guy who checked us in and the lady who checked us out were awesome - especially the guy who checked us in, young kid, told us where we could eat late at night and the smoking areas. Very comfy bed. I was worried it would be loud, but it was very quiet, allowed us to get a great sleep.
Very cozy bed & the room was neat as a pin. The staff was great & helpful. Kind & courteous & attentive & professional. Lovely people. Will indeed book here again. Perfect location for air transit. Uber convenient for our overnight stay.
Mercure Hotel Schiphol Terminal This rating is a reflection of how the property compares to the industry standard when it comes to price, facilities and services available.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 31.803394
Retrieved Text: Article from the Irish Times gives some detail on biggest organised crime groups in Ireland.
Thoughtful piece, reminding us once again that “terrorism” is not a Weberian bureaucratic pyramid. Put it on the wall, PhD students!
£380,000 of the money linked to the £53 million Securitas robbery in Kent, February 2006. The benefits of popping into the pub and picking up the local paper! I wouldnt have spotted this otherwise.
Well, if you still have faith in private enterprise, read this and weep. Phoenix airport stopped checking passengers baggage claim tickets 10 years ago as a cost-cutting measure. I’m not quite sure what this means, but the spokesperson “said passengers should avoid putting critical medications or expensive items in checked luggage, clearly mark their bags, and pick them up as soon as possible after landing”. Bizarre stuff, but its from the New Zealand Herald, so sense may have been lost in translation. Just goes to show, you can prevent crime if youre prepared to…doesn’t it?
Excellent piece on the mechanics of growing cannabis in Ireland.
But no-one will do anything about it because of suspect devices on aeroplanes…Proportionality? Forget it. Most done by Met or BTP. is there a training failure somewhere? ie in London?
YEMEN CARGO PLANE CARRIED EXPLOSIVES, DUBAI POLICE SAY.
here’s the reason why no-one will stop the Metropolitan police conducting fruitless and irritating stop and searches. Nothing to do with the mid-term elections in the US, I don’t suppose…Take your shoes off Lucy, dont you know you’re in an airport?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.790071
Retrieved Text: Hilarious stories of my life no 2: The lost luggage ….!
You might have already realized that from time to time I do experience some hilarious stories. So today I want to share another one which happened just recently to me after one of my business trips to London.
It was late in the evening when I arrived back home at the airport (I think I caught the last flight from London City that evening). The plane landed far out somewhere at the airport and we took the taxi the the airport building with the bus. By the time I passed security, went to the ladies and walked all way down the airport and got to the luggage belt there were only a couple of luggages left. I easily spotted already from the distance my grey samsonite luggage which I just lifted from the belt, walked out, got into a cab . So all in all an hour after arrival I was at home.
As it was a really hot day my first thought was to check my balcony if some of the plants and flowers there would need some water. As I was really hungry I decided to prepare some late dinner and enjoy it on my balcony. When it got dark I moved inside and saw that my phone was flashing with a red light – someone had left me a voice message!
“Hello,” – a guy was introducing himself – “My brother might have taken your luggage from the belt instead of his own. He did also

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.690865
Retrieved Text: Luggage lessons – Learn from my mistakes!
Why write a blog post about luggage? Well, it is an often overlooked item when planning for a trip and was almost the cause of a major meltdown on our last holiday.
In preparation for our family holiday I purchased two new pieces of luggage. I’ll admit I didn’t put much thought into luggage when I was buying the first piece. I just knew that Heys was a well-known brand and it had Mickey Mouse on it, what more did I need?
Can you see the faint Mickey image in the dark purple that I copied and added in lilac vinyl to stand out at the airport?
I used that bag for a work trip to PEI and loved it being hard sided and the way it rolled on four wheels so when I returned home I purchased another one, knowing that we needed one more piece of luggage for our vacation.
I never thought to inspect our two old pieces of luggage that we would be using as well. Mistake # 1.
After 15 minutes on the road, we got off the highway at the next town so my husband could pick up an item he had forgotten from his shop. At a stop light we felt a funny bang in the back our truck. What the heck was going on? My husband got out to find a man behind us saying he had put our tailgate up for us. OMG, panic attack, had we lost anything in our drive down the highway? Were

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.635025
Retrieved Text: Everything you need to know about checking in at Memphis International Airport (MEM), including when to arrive,where to go, self-service kiosks, and how to check in before arriving at the airport.
Arrive at least 90 minutes before a scheduled flight departure.
Memphis International Airport has three terminals (where you check in) and three concourses (where you board your plane) designated A, B and C. Please see the chart below to determine the terminal where you need to check in and the concourse where you board your flight. Note that American Airlines, Allegiant Airlines, and Southwest Airlines use different concourses and terminals.
Southern Airways Express operates out of the Signature Flight Support terminal.
As the Modernization Plan for Memphis International Airport progresses over the next few years, the airlines may operate on different concourses. Please refer to flymemphis.com often for the latest concourse information.
Please return to this page, or view the latest airport map, before any future travel.
What do I do before check-in?
Pack carry-on luggage in a manner suitable for Transportation Security Administration (TSA) security screening.
Understand the different parking options available to you, and come with a plan of where you will park or be dropped off.
Leave your checked bags unlocked or use one of the Transportation Security Administration-approved locks, to accelerate your luggage screening by TSA.
Have your photo ID ready when you go to the ticketing counter to claim your boarding pass, if you didn’t print it at home or save it to your mobile phone.
Once you have claimed your boarding pass and checked your luggage, head to the security

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.507742
Retrieved Text: Position： > Home > Dongguan to HK Airport > Frequently Questions.
15. Q： If the flight will depart in the second day, could we take the ferry towards SkyPier of Hong Kong International Airport in advance so that we could spend the night there?
1. You have to take the last ferry towards SkyPier.
2. Your flight must depart during 2:00 and 10:15 inthe second morning.
3. So far, only the passengers of the following 12 airline companies could spend the night inHong KongInternationalAirport.
16. Q： Why should the passengers who take the ferries from Humen to Hong Kong International Airport register?
The ferries from Humen toHong KongInternationalAirportonly provide you with the sea-to-air transference service. To make sure that you have met the regulations on these ferries prescribed byHong KongInternationalAirportand could board the plane successfully, you should go through the ferry boarding formalities before your ship departs with the presence of your effective certificates, flight ticket and visa.
17. Q： The ferries from Humen to Hong Kong International Airport only provide you with the sea-to-air transference service. To make sure that you have met the regulations on these ferries prescribed by Hong Kong International Airport and could board the plane successfully, you should go through the ferry boarding formalities before your ship departs with the presence of your effective certificates, flight ticket and visa.
Such ferries towardsHong KongInternationalAirportonly provide the sea-to-air transference service. Any passenger that takes our ferry could reach the restricted area of the airport directly for transference to the flight. You will not go through any inspection from the Immigration Department

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.250456
Retrieved Text: After saying our farewells to the staff and Korea Joa members, we have a few hours left before we checked out from the hotel at 1PM. So, we were contemplating on what to do. As an avid fan of Jay Park, I always wanted to visit his cafe, especially during this trip, but as our schedules was so packed, we didn’t have a chance to do so. So, we decided not to waste that precious few hours, grabbed our wallets and got into the subway, and off we were to Café Dudart at Apgujeong Rodeo.
The café and bakery, which is part of “Café Dudart” franchise, was officially opened in July with the name “Café Dudart Apgujeong Rodeo Park Jaebum branch”. Café Dudart is a part of a Japanese franchise, which has been operating since 2011 and is famous for their roasted coffee.
He wasn’t familiar with the cafe either, but he tried his best using his phone app to look for the direction. In case you are reading this post, thank you so much for being so helpful! Lol… Well, even in my second trip to South Korea, I found out that the people were so helpful.
Yeay! Arrived without getting lost.
Jay Park’s fans suggested us to try this cheese cake, so yummy!
Unfortunately, it was a short visit since we have to rush back to the hotel. At 1.00pm we checked out from the Ritz Carlton hotel and took a taxi with our translator Jenny. The journey by taxi took a long time as there was quite some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.233273
Retrieved Text: Since 911, nothing has caused more grief to the use of film than airport X-ray. This is a great tragedy for film because with a little knowledge it is easily avoidable, and does not have to be the hassle it has become. For 8 years now, I have taken 500 ASA film on every trip I have taken. I always run my film through the walk through X-ray without any special consideration. I keep it in the original packaging, and I just put the film on the conveyor and let it go through. That’s right! If they want to rescan it, I tell them go for it. On one trip, I clocked 10 scannings of my film. I have never had a single frame with X-ray damage. The X-rays do not build up on your film, although you could, like the example above multiple x-ray hits if you put your film in your luggage. The X-ray system in the walk through are nowhere near as powerful as the luggage X-ray system.
What I never do is put my film in my luggage. The CTX-5000 x-ray machines that are used to check baggage at most commercial aiports is a very powerful device that can fog film. Not only is it much more powerful than the machines at airport security check in areas, it may scan a bag several times from several different angles. This WILL adversely affect your film whether it has been shot on not. I have asked every customer that I have seen with X-ray damage

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.167274
Retrieved Text: Announcement: Terminal F opens at Kiev Airport. Will it affect you?
September 2010 saw the opening of terminal F at Kiev Airport. By the 31st 2010 all Ukraine Airlines international flights will arrive and depart from this terminal along with most other low cost international carriers.
This page contains more information on Kiev Airport terminal F including floor plans, a map and details of future planned expansion.
Terminal F (new terminal) International flights and the new home of Ukraine International Airlines.
How far apart are the terminals?
How far is Borispol Airport from Kiev city centre?
Borispol Airport (AKA Boryspol or Boryspil) is located approximately 29km (19miles) east of the Ukrainian capital Kiev. It is the largest of three airports in Kiev and serves both domestic and international flights.
Upon arrival at Kiev Borispol Airport the aircraft will taxi to its bay, most aircraft will be parked a short distance from the terminal so a shuttle bus will take passengers to the passport control area.
Temperatures are frequently below freezing at the airport during winter months, so do take warm clothing as the shuttle bus often parks next to the plane for some time while waiting for passengers and crew to board.
If you are lucky then your flight will be the only one that has landed at this time, otherwise you can expect a queue. You will need to show a passport that is valid for six months after your planned date of return.
Landing cards are no longer required. Here is a copy of the old Ukrainian landing card.
After clearing passport control at the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.158298
Retrieved Text: Perfect for family holidays with a designer flair, longer trips with an elegant edge or the serious packer on the go, the Explorer Luna-Air 75cm Hardside Spinner Suitcase offers the perfect checked luggage option for your future adventures.
Explorer have taken on the challenge to create the ultimate suitcase. A suitcase that combines a stylish, sleek design with high practicality, function and application, all whilst coming in at an unbelievable price point. This is how the Luna-Air 75cm Hardside Spinner Suitcase was created.
At first glance, you can see why the Luna-Air has quickly become one of our favourites here at luggage.co.nz. With an elegant exterior that oozes designer elements, this suitcase will complete any airport look.
With four double spinning wheels and a telescopic handle, you have full 360-degree control over your suitcase. Designed to smoothly glide over airport surfaces or roll over tougher terrain, the Luna-Air will go whenever you need it to. A built-in custom approved TSA lock will ensure all within is safe and protected and will also ensure customs officials can check your luggage if necessary.
Inside you'll find a fully lined interior with cross ribbons and divider panel, ideal for organising your packing – wet and dry, his and hers, night and day.
Check in your bag knowing that everything will be safe within your Luna-Air 75cm Hardside Spinner Suitcase from Explorer.
The ideal suitcase set to take you where you want to go, the Explorer Luna-Air 75cm & 75cm Hardside Luggage Set features two checked pieces at an unbelievable price.
When your travel needs call for

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.102858
Retrieved Text: Home › Travel › Airport Security – What Can You Take Through?
The EU’s airport security rules regarding hand baggage and liquids have been in force for years but with tens of thousands litres of liquids and gels being confiscated at airports each day, this is not only stressful for passengers but just adds to the delays.
This is a pity on more than one level. Firstly, no passenger likes to be deprived of their drinks or toilet articles. Secondly, processing the many hundreds of bottles and containers is an immense task for our security services. Finally this leads to longer waiting queues at the security screening points, which again is bad news for the travellers.
Exploring cities while laden with heavy bags is never much fun. Now you can store your luggage in London, New York and Copenhagen thanks to innovative web app, LuggageHero. For just £1/€1/$1 an hour (£2/€2/$2 start-up fee, with a max £10/€10/$10 per day), users can store their bags at over 300 locations. Storage venues include hotels, restaurants, bars and even retailers.
Each bag will be given a security tag and luggage is also fully insured (up to £2200 per bag in London, €2500 in Copenhagen and $3000 in New York) to ensure safety and piece of mind. Customers can book in advance or on the day of travel. You will only pay for the hours you use, and you can pick up your luggage at any time. Just make sure you check the opening hours of your chosen storage venue!
Q: How many of items

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.039326
Retrieved Text: The busiest travel season of the year is about to kick off at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. Memorial Day weekend is the start of the summer travel season for many, however, the busiest days at Sea-Tac will begin the second week in June and continue all the way through August. Summer is the busiest time of the year (no, not the end-of-year holidays) when Sea-Tac will average about 100,000 passengers (inbound and outbound) per day. With that in mind, this is a good time to see what’s new; review travel tips; and check out the latest passenger traffic information, special offers, and links for additional information.
From June through August, each day will average about 100,000 travelers through the airport. This coincides each year to the end of the school year and summer vacation. An average day for the year will be over 89,000 passengers.
The two busiest days for Memorial Day weekend will be Thursday and Friday, May 25 & 26, with an estimated 95,000 passengers.
The busiest days during the summer are forecasted to be August 12 & 13 with over 105,000 passengers per day. This is when travelers typically get their final vacation in before the start of school in September.
The latest airport statistics in April show passenger traffic up 3.3% in that month, including a 6.6% increase for international passengers and 2.9% for domestic passengers.
Through April 2012, airport passenger traffic is up 2.8% including 5% for international and 2.6% for domestic.
A record number of passengers (32.8 million) went through Sea-Tac in 2011, and projections call for

########
Rank: 27
Score: 30.993328
Retrieved Text: TSA employee steals computers, iPads, GPS, and other electronics from luggage, posts the stuff on EBay, and sometimes has it sold before end of shift. Guess that's one way to increase your take home pay.
CNN) -- A former Transportation Security Administration employee was charged with two counts of grand theft for allegedly stealing electronics from luggage, authorities in Florida said Thursday.
A Continental Airlines employee Monday caught Nelson Santiago-Serrano, 30, stealing an iPad from a suitcase in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, according to the Broward County Sheriff's Office.
Santiago-Serrano was released on a $4,000 bond Tuesday, the office said.
Over the past six months, Santiago-Serrano told authorities he stole $50,000 worth of computers, GPS devices and other electronics from luggage he screened, took pictures of them to post for sale online and sold the items often by the time his shift ended.
Santiago-Serrano worked for the TSA since January 2009, but no longer works with the agency. Detectives are trying to locate victims, but it is unlikely they will get their belongings back, said the sheriff's office.
Santiago-Serrano has no lawyer yet nor a scheduled court date appearance, according to the Broward County clerk of courts.
Nothing new. There's one of him in every airport.
I'm sure this is standard practice ever since they said you cant lock your luggage. My electronics go with me and my carry on bag. I also stopped flying with guns just not worth the risk or hassel.
Nothing new. There's AT LEAST one of him in every airport.
I'm guessing this was checked baggage? Wouldn't people miss their items

########
Rank: 28
Score: 30.982956
Retrieved Text: Dublin Airport is warning passengers passing through this Christmas not to wrap presents, as they may be opened at security.
Snow globes are not permitted in hand luggage, due to their liquid content, it adds - though Christmas cakes and puddings are good to go.
The tips are among several issued (see video above) by the airport as it gears up for its busiest Christmas ever, with over one million passengers expected to arrive and depart between December 22 and January 5 - up 2pc on last year.
“Friday, December 22, is expected to be the busiest day before Christmas, with almost 85,000 passengers," revealed spokesperson Siobhán O’Donnell.
"December 29 is expected to be the busiest day after Christmas, particularly with passengers heading to winter sun and skiing destinations,” she added.
Over the festive season, the airport is hosting almost 1,000 performers from local schools and choirs, while terminal decorations include over 100 trees and 100,000 LED lights. Ryan Tubridy will broadcast from the airport on Friday, December 22.
“Over the years we have had a number of Christmas marriage proposals, and every year we have grandparents seeing their grandchildren in the flesh for the first time," O'Donnell says. Many friends and family dress up for the occasion.
Aer Lingus, Emirates and all US carriers operate from Terminal 2, while all other airlines operate from Terminal 1.
2. Don't wrap that present!
If you are planning to bring Christmas gifts by air this festive season, Dublin Airport is asking passengers not to gift wrap presents.
"Many passengers take a lot of care and time to wrap

########
Rank: 29
Score: 30.814184
Retrieved Text: Every frequent traveler knows what he or she can expect on airports. Most are very well prepared and have read the law according to documents, visa and passports. But even for the most frequent traveler there can be surprises once they arrive on the airport.
Macedonia is a country with many laws (not every law is followed correctly, but it does exist and they will refer to the law when they want to) and they are strict with every law that has something to do with foreigners entering the country. So before you want to visit Macedonia be well aware of the laws and your documents.
You will be required to have a valid passport in your possession to fly into Skopje Alexander the Great Airport. If you are a EU resident you can travel with your ID card, so it won’t be necessary to have your passport with you. If you are an US resident, you need to travel with a valid passport. There will be no need for a visa if you are on vacation or if you are on a business trip and will be in the country for 90 days or less. For longer stays, a work visa will be required.
Foreign citizens are required to register with the local police department and if you will be staying in more than one place, or when you find a new apartment or home and decide to move, the police will need updated information on all addresses that you will be at during your stay in Macedonia.

================



======= Instance Index 37 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Limestone is located under the soil
- Rain picks up carbon dioxide as it falls to earth
- The rain falls on the soil over the limestone
- The carbon dioxide in the rain washes through the soil
- The carbon dioxide turns into acid
- The acid in the rain gets to the limestone below the soil
- The acid dissolves the limestone
- Acid continues to erode the limestone with more rain over time
- The eroded limestone sometimes forms caves.

Question:
suppose coal is brought from a coal mine to a boiler happens, how will it affect LESS or SMALLER caverns.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 47.0028
Retrieved Text: Kids Korner - Processing Coal - Apogee InteractiveProcessing Coal. Once the coal has been mined it needs to be processed. The coal first goes to a preparation plant where it is washed or cleaned to remove contaminants. The cleaning removes impurities like rocks, ash, sulfur and other substances. Coal that is going to be burned in solid form may go through a variety of.how does process plant in coal,TVA - How a Coal Plant WorksCoal-fired plants produce electricity by burning coal in a boiler to produce steam. The steam produced, under tremendous pressure, flows into a turbine, which spins a generator to create electricity. The steam is then cooled, condensed back into water and returned to the boiler to start the process over.
Coal Processing Plant Flowsheet - 911 MetallurgistMar 17, 2017 . Need ENGINEERING Services or Plant TROUBLESHOOTING? We can IMPROVE ALL PLANTS / Mineral Processing Engineering & LABORATORY Ore Testing.how does process plant in coal,Coal preparation plant - WikipediaA coal preparation plant is a facility that washes coal of soil and rock, crushes it into graded sized chunks (sorting), stockpiles grades preparing it for transport to market, and more often than not, also loads coal into rail cars, barges, or ships. The more of this waste material that can be removed from coal, the lower its total ash.
A Coal preperation plant, nestled among the mountains. Coal Preperation plants generally use gravity process equipment to separate the refuse from the product (coal). Coal has a specific gravity between 1.35 and 1.5, while the refuse rock has

########
Rank: 1
Score: 46.614475
Retrieved Text: Coal is the human exploitation of coal resources, coal mining area in the rich region, generally divided into underground and opencast coal mine. When the coal seam is far away from the surface, the general choice of coal mining to underground roadways, the coal mine. When the distance from the surface of the coal seam are very close, generally choose direct stripping surface layer of mining coal, the open pit coal mine. Large area of coal mine includes aboveground and underground and related facilities.
Coal is referred to as the "blood" of the industry, it has become an indispensable foundation of national economic development resources. How to choose an efficient, energy-saving coal crushing equipment become coal production an important step, so as to reduce the production cost, to obtain huge profits. This paper from the aspects of hammer type positive role in stone coal grinding machine industries crushing.
According to market research, many customers do not know how to choose the most suitable crusher crushing material, so some irresponsible companies in the purchase process. In view of this situation, SBM designed the crusher according to the material, so that the integration of the keyword search volume of customers, such as limestone crushing, the fragmentation of coal, coal gangue crusher, special crushing equipment and suitable materials. For primary crushing stone coal refuse or selection of hammer type, since the device in any place bear the primary crushing task, it is the primary crusher optimum.
Coal is a multistage process in boiler, firstly, according to the proportion of coal calorific value,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 46.031727
Retrieved Text: Modification Of Coal Crusher Nooreducationaltrust.co modification of coal crusher. crusher . a crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust .. >Mine process and mining equipment>hammer mill used for crushing the coal in coke oven The ring coal crusher is a modification of the hammer mill using rings .
Modification of boiler operating conditions for mercury CiteSeerX. Mercury emissions are impacted by factors such as coal type, boiler operation, fly ash characteristics and type of . design and type of environmental control equipment used at the plant, boiler operating conditions, and fly ash characteristics.
Search for Authorization Status. The Search by Authorization Status service can be used to obtain the status of authorizations, i.e. permit applications and registrations administered by IDEM.
1 IMPROVEMENT OF COAL-FIRED GENERATION UNITS AT LAMMA POWER STATION FOR NOx EMISSION CONTROL BACKGROUND INFORMATION OF LAMMA POWER STATION Lamma Power Station (LPS) is one of the major power plants in Hong Kong.
(Raymond Mill) coal mills for power plant applications with typical high ash Indian coal as ... 5.2.1 No adverse effect of the proposed modification on mill performance. 5.2.2 No adverse effect of the proposed modification on other mill components especially on the life.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 44.59402
Retrieved Text: process in coal mill,How A Coal Pulverizer Works - Coal Grinding Process | 3D .Feb 23, 2010 . Here's a 3D animation of how a coal grinding system works. Williams Crusher has the most advanced direct fired coal and pet coke pulverizing.process in coal mill,Power plant basics: The coal pulverizerJul 20, 2016 . Discussion of a rotary table, mill type coal pulverizer as used in electrical . How A Coal Pulverizer Works - Coal Grinding Process | 3D.
process in coal mill,Coal Mill Modeling for Monitoring and ControlSep 2, 2011 . Keywords: automatic process control, model based control, optimal estimation, . ration processes occurring in typical coal mill pulverizers.process in coal mill,Mining Industry: What is a coal mill? - QuoraAir swept coal mill is the main equipment in cement plant for bo. . the coal mill from the website: Coal Mill, Coal Ball Mill, Coal Mill Process, Coal Mill Machine.
Coal pulverization is essential to the overall system process of a coal-fired power . the grinding elements namely the table/ring/bowl (depending on mill design).
Sep 2, 2011 . Keywords: automatic process control, model based control, optimal estimation, . ration processes occurring in typical coal mill pulverizers.
Sep 8, 2011 . Thermal-based power plants can produce electricity from coal or other fuel sources. The coal-fired process requires three different steps to turn.
Sampling ports were firstly drilled on a ZGM95 coal mill in the power plant in . In the power-generation process of coal-fired power plants, about 5–10% of the.
beater wheel mills wherein high-moisture coal is dried and pulverized. . in water

########
Rank: 4
Score: 44.295776
Retrieved Text: Click For Free Pencraig Coal Boiler Quotes!
Looking for a coal boiler? Apply online today and compare prices direct from approved Pencraig engineers.
Heating water consumes a sizeable portion of the average household's energy bill. One of the best ways to lower the cost of heating water is to install Pencraig coal boilers. Find out more about coal boilers today by filling in our easy online form so you can be connected with professionals who are knowledgeable about them. Doing so will only take a minute, and will be time well spent in the long run.
Coal is a renewable resource that is very inexpensive to mine. As such, using coal to heat your home's water is very inexpensive to do. Coal is also readily available, with some experts estimating there is enough to last for another 300 years. In addition, the lifespan of Pencraig coal boilers can be as long as 30 years, which means you won't have to worry about replacing your unit for quite some time.
As with other types of boilers, coal boilers should always be installed by a qualified, experienced and insured professional. This will ensure that your unit is correctly installed and complies will all current safety and industry standards and requirements. An experienced Pencraig installer will also be able to provide you with advice regarding how often servicing and maintenance is going to be required.
When it comes to Pencraig coal boiler installation, you don't have to fret over the cost. Instead, you can simply provide us with some basic information about your project

########
Rank: 5
Score: 44.021923
Retrieved Text: South Africa coal news. Advertisement. MHPS delivers third boiler to Medupi coal plant ... Development to begin at Klipspruit Life Extension coal project ... Universal Coal has reported an updated ore reserve of 35.94 million t for Kangala coal mine in South Africa.
Klipspruit Colliery is one of the top rated colliery companies based in South Africa. The Colliery Company specializes in the exploration of coal and related products in a sustainable manner to the satisfaction of local, regional and international stakeholders.
Days of coal mines are numbered as Eskom shifts focus. ... While 93 coal mines produced all of South Africa's coal in 2016, that number increased 59%, to 148 mines, by 2016. Production, however, increased by only about 10%, indicative of a trend towards smaller mines.
Diesel Power TMI Joint Venture new contract at Klipspruit Colliery near Ogies in Mpumalanga – Rehabilitation – Volume per month 260 000bcm's ... HCI Coal – Mbali Mine. by fiatelux | Sep 2, 2017 | South Africa. Conventional strip mining, including drilling and blasting – Volume per month 458,000bcm's HCI Coal – Palesa Mine.
WBHO Infrastructure works with clients and partners to plan and deliver exceptional project outcomes across diverse markets throughout Australia. ... Mining & Resources Klipspruit. South Africa. Client BHP Billiton. ... Ogies Project Mining & Resources Mafube Coal Mine Mining & Resources Tenke Mine Mining & Resources. Projects.
Rising costs, red tape and political uncertainty have made mining groups increasingly wary of investing in South Africa, in spite of the country hosting the world's largest platinum reserves and significant deposits

########
Rank: 6
Score: 43.57349
Retrieved Text: Aug 3, 2017 Ray Hatfield Jr. was six months into his latest coal job when he was crushed to death in a Kentucky mine.
A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. Throughout most of industrial history, the greater part of crushing and mining part of the process occurred under interests and relocated to Coalbrookdale with its plentiful coal mines, water power and nearby ore supplies.
Dec 9, 2013 Nope, Superman can't crush a piece of coal into a diamond. environmental problems and why coal mining is so environmentally destructive.
Nov 17, 2015 The large surface mines in the West scoop up the coal, then crush it and ship it. The crushers range from 2,000 tph to 6,000 tph, breaking 48in.
NAOMI COAL MINES. BY. ROLLIN THOMAS Liberation of gas by crushing coal. . tive explosions due to gas and coal dust in different mines belonging.
Crushing and conveying of waste may provide one solution to these issues. applications in metalliferrous mines, as well as some Australian coal mines.
Potential impacts from coal mining affect the entire project area, but the Coal Mine Construction and Operation Development Activities and Coal Crushing.
Screens & Crushers for Coal Mining Production You're in the business of mining coal for these industries. Crushing Machine Brands for Coal Mining.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 43.49624
Retrieved Text: 99 mining can be achieved as a F2P as well as a member. Although it is true that as a member 99 mining will go much faster and be much more beneficial. Mining belongs to one of the most beneficial skill to make money and closing up to 99 mining there will be some possibilities to make millions in just a few hours and even some good xp!
In this 99 mining guide, I will show you the fastest way for both F2P and P2P to get 99 mining and the long desired mining skill cape.
I will start with the 99 mining guide for F2P, because some parts are the same as in the mining guide for P2P.
1-20: To start your training you will have to mine copper and tin ores. Both will give you 17,5 xp per ore. Since they are not this worthy and banking them would waste time, you can also drop them to “powermine” and make faster experience. You can do this at Varrock (east).
20-60: This will take somewhat more time to get to level 60. Go to the Dwarven Mines and train on iron ores. You can either bank them at Falador and make some profit during your mining training or you simply drop them and make faster xp. I strongly recommend you to get 15 dungeoneering (won’t take long), because a new place will be unlocked: the Dwarven Mines Resource Dungeon. In this place, you have a deposit box, where you can store your ores and even train a bit faster.
60-99:

########
Rank: 8
Score: 43.050453
Retrieved Text: coal mill equipment supplier in kolkata. mine equipment cone crush machine from kolkata. coal cone crushing equipment at kolkata >mine process and mining equipment>deep coal mines equipment supplier in kolkata .. eimco deep mining equipment chain mill ha.
Product List of Coal Mill Pulverizer Equipment ... KUNG WANG MECHANICAL ENGINEERING CO., LTD.
Cement Plant Manufacturers, Sugar Plant Manufacturers . Cement Plant Manufacturers: Ashoka Engineering is a Leader in Turnkey Plant Manufacturers.
Mining Equipment Fleet - 10,000 tonne per day (ore + waste) open pit mine. The following listings of equipment capital and operating costs are taken directly from the current Mining Cost Service Manual and Mine and Mill Equipment Cost Estimator's Guide.
Zenith Coal Mill, Basalt Marble Mining Mill Equipment ... Zenith Coal mill is an efficient machine for powder grinding. Coal mills have two ways of grinding the dry way and the wet way.
Advanced Coal Science - Coal Marketing International. Advanced Coal Science Coal – How It Is Formed. Coal is made from Peat that has been compressed and then subjected to high temperature ( + 100° Celcius) for a few million years to drive off moisture, methane and carbon dioxide bearing molecules.
Included are capital and operating costs for over 3,000 equipment items most commonly found at mines and mills around the world - from 2 HP pumps to 2,000 HP trucks, from $200 slusher buckets to $30,000,000 walking draglines.
Coal grinding can be used effectively and fuel mix, to improve the bulk density of fossil fuel. BINQ had been concerned regarding coal kilns, combustion in pulverized coal boiler fuel

########
Rank: 9
Score: 43.040802
Retrieved Text: Flexible operation of coalfired power plants ... Since 2016, the operator has been able to operate another power plant unit with only one mill.
Coal Pulverizer Maintenance Improves Boiler Combustion; Coal Pulverizer Maintenance Improves Boiler Combustion. ... Mill power to ton of coal throughput.
Coal Mill Operation Power Plant: coal mill operation in power plant safeschoolsprogramControl for pulverized fuel coal mill IEEE Xplore… Most of the thermal power plants in the world are coal fired.
Mill Creek Station The Mill Creek Generation Station is LGE’s largest coalfired power plant, with a generating capacity of 1,472 megawatts. Mill Creek sits on 544 acres in southwest Jefferson County, Ky.
Coal Handeling Mine/Plant in a thermal power generating station. ... Bowl Mill. The coal is pulverized in the bowl mill, where it is grounded to a powder form.
There are many types of mills and bowl mill is one of them, all these mills can face coal hangup. For taking corrective action during a coal hangup in bowl mills the operator will have to know the reason for such a hangup, how the plant will respond, what he has to respond to and what the local operator will have to do.
coal mill operation c power plant , A new modelbased approach for power plant Tubeball, These have impacted the coal mill and power plant operation safety andA .
Coal Mill Operation, Power Plant. crushing coal grinding mill operation power plant ... a power plant coal mill is of importance for efficient operation of the mill.
coal mill in power plant operation. coal mill in power plant

########
Rank: 10
Score: 42.82917
Retrieved Text: Quarry crusher due to its high energy, substantial crushing ratio , higher generation performance, the new problem brought about the generation line of sand and gravel . System typically gravel production line is Soon after rocks and various materials right after blasting from the first jaw crusher .
Slurry Crusher Supplier In United States Process Crusher, building sand making line india. portable crushing plant in slurry zenith Group Request Quotation chromite slurry India from XSM.
mobil coal line crusher pcm motors.be. Coal Mining Equipment in America,crusher plant for coal , Mobile Crusher and Grinding Mill Used in Iran Mineral Processing , VSI crusher, mobile crusher etc Coal crushing production line can be customized for primary, .
mineral processing production line machine hammer crusher New Type Mineral Processing Machine, 1 50TH Coal Rock Stone Production Line Hammer Crusher . Hammer mill coal crusher YouTube 183; Hammer mill coal crusher Vinod Jain.
in line coal crusher XSM excellent mining crushing machinery products or production line design, the company is committed to building the Chinese brand mine crushing and processing machinery, mainly crusher, mill, sand making our products (in line coal crusher) in more than one hundred of the worldsales of countries and regions.
The PIPELINE DELUMPER 174; is a proven in line lump breaker that chops, shreds, disperses and suspends solids directly in fully enclosed pipe systems. This straight through ultra compact unit rectifies flow properties of heavy sludge, slurries and solids laden streams.
March 24, 13 By CNMining 162 Comments. in line slurry crushernaturalrubbersheet. attritioning mill limestone, attrition mill limestone slurry, in line

########
Rank: 11
Score: 42.818108
Retrieved Text: Coal, a fossil fuel, is the largest source of energy for the generation of electricity worldwide, Coal is extracted from the ground by mining, either underground or in open pits. Coal is primarily used as a solid fuel to produce electricity and heat through combustion. Coal is the workhorse of the nation's electric power industry. The USA consumes about 14% of the world total, using 90% of it for generation of electricity, Coal-fired electric generating plants are the cornerstone of the nation's central power system.
Coal has played an important role in modern industry. The coal is processed and crushed to increase the efficiency and protect environment. In order to use coalmore rationally, efficiently and effectively, the coal need to be processed and crushed into different sizes, 0 ~ 25 mm particle size for coal gas stove , 25 ~ 8 mm for steam locomotive, 25 ~ 6 mm for the industrial furnace, and coal power plant requires grain coal of 0 ~ 25mm.
The general hardness of coal is 1-4. After coarse crushing by jaw crusher, fine crushing by impact crusher, and sieved by vibrating screen, coal can be processed and crushed into different sizes of the requirements. Cathay jaw crusher, impact crusher for coal crushing have been widely used in the coal industry and mining industry, for its high and unique quality. They can crush coal at large quantity and high efficiency. In addition, Cathay vertical shaft impact crusher can crush coal into much smaller sizes to meet specific requirements.
Large coal enterprises attach much importance to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 42.719975
Retrieved Text: Coal Impact Crusher Pdf Types Of Crushers In Coal Handling Plant Pdf. pdf . specification of coal handling plant . Chat With Sales.
... with primary and secondary crushers handling coarse ... Dodge type jaw crushers, ... of the main types of primary crushers in a mine or ore processing plant.
types of crushers in coal handling plant. ... stacker Coal handling plant layout pdf Zenith Mine crushing Dept. Cement jaw crusher for sale Coal jaw crusher for sale .
Boiler used in the power plant is suspended type. ... Coal rises from crusher house and reaches the dead storage by ... Equipment used in a coal handling plant 1.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 42.694748
Retrieved Text: stamp mill coal,C&H Stamp MillsC&H Stamp Mills. Here is an 1881 view of the mill property, when the total population of Lake Linden was 2000. See the legend in the left column for building identification. The size of the complex was very . A great view of the tremendous coal docks needed to support the mill and other C&H operations. A nice view of Lake.stamp mill coal,Colorado-Mines - Mining ArtifactsColorado Gold Mining, Colorado Silver Mining, Colorado mining, Colorado coal mining , coal mining, Colorado Fuel & Iron, Cripple Creek, Victor Colorado, . Colorado Fuel and Iron, a major conglomerate of steel mills in Pueblo and coal mines around the region, opposed the strike. . Buell Stamp Mill - Central City, CO.
Coal mine waste gobpiles on the Illinois prairie or placer mine dredge tailings in California may be the only indications that major mining industries once operated ... Stamp Mills such as this one, located at the Reed Gold Mine in North Carolina, crushed gold ore into a sand-like consistency which was then washed across.
This Stamp Mill dates back to the 1800's. It has been used at several mines in the Dahlonega area as well as in other states. It was placed on the site in the 1960's. This Stamp Mill has ten stamps with each one weighing 450 lbs. each. The purpose of the Stamp Mill is to crush gold bearing rock into sand so that it can be.
Aug 26, 2008 . The coal was also brought by train, but from a much shorter distance –

########
Rank: 14
Score: 42.464176
Retrieved Text: Acid Mine Drainage Chemistry Acid mine drainage impacts stream and river ecosystems through acidity, ferric ion (Fe 3+ ) precipitation, oxygen depletion, and release of heavy metals associated with coal and metal mining, such as aluminum (Al 3+ ), zinc (Zn 2+ ), and manganese (Mn 2+ ).
Defined properties All Is members only true Is members only true All Release date 17 September 2009 Release date 17 September 2009 [talk] [view] Concentrated coal rocks are clumps of coal located in the Living Rock Caverns beneath the Dwarven Mines.
The Gold Concentration Separator, which is also called centrifugal concentrator It can be used not only for placer gold mining, but also for hard rock mining to recover Only one machine could give you such a high capacity and high recovery rate.
Jan 01, 20160183;32;Chrome Ore Concentration Plant, Wholesale Various High Quality Chrome Ore Concentration Plant Products from Global Chrome Ore Concentration Plant Suppliers and Chrome Ore Concentration Plant Factory,Importer,Exporter at best sale rock chrome mining separator.
hard rock mining jig machine for gold mining concentration offers 585 gold diamond mining jig machine products. About 94% of these are tungsten concentration jig machine, jig concentrator, mineral jig for tungsten from china .
mining equipment since the end of the last century Most of this equipment is used in bucket type, with sluice boxes, and these were used for gold mining oper ations. also other applications like hard rock gold mining and the recovery of gold as a ule jig and a number of small rec enables ratios of concentration.
Rock burst is one

########
Rank: 15
Score: 42.336185
Retrieved Text: EE Publishers Home»	Articles: Energize»Small-scale coal-fired generation: An option for the future?
Small-scale coal-fired generation: An option for the future?
The days of mega-sized coal-fired projects are over, at least for this country. The use of coal as a fuel for power generation will nonetheless continue for many years in the future, with the difference that small-scale (clean) coal-fired plant (SSCFP) is seen to be the technology of choice. Future plant could be of a much smaller scale than the existing mega-projects under construction, and the plant is likely to be radically different in design. This article takes a look at the potential for small-scale coal generation in a future energy mix.
World-wide there are still a large number of SSCF plants in operation, of older design an operating at low efficiency. The move toward larger plant was motivated by economy of scale and the higher efficiency of larger plant. The problems experienced recently in constructing large plant, including cost overruns, long construction periods, and delays, have considerably reduced the projected economy of scale advantages at many projects, and technology to improve efficiency is being applied economically in smaller plant to a large degree.
Problems facing mega coal projects are long construction periods, especially for first-of-a- kind projects. Economy of scale may apply to large projects but the inability to get into service in as short a period as possible affects the lifetime costs. Building a large-scale unique plant takes years from planning to final commercial operation, and if the final capacity does not match demand then costs of stranded plant

########
Rank: 16
Score: 42.26458
Retrieved Text: SBU - Coal Handling Plant - McNally Bharat Engineering Company .- why coal is crushed in thermal power plant ,For building Crushing and Screening Plant of any complexity and magnitude, MBE . 2000 TPH Coal handling plant for Tuticorin Thermal Power Project for M/s.coal power crushing plant in philippines - Mining equipmentMobile crusher is a portable crushing plant, it is a crushing unit with rock crusher, . XSM can offer coal crushers, and coal mills for coal powder for thermal power.
8 Mar 2012 . So, it canburn quicker Crushing coal process happens. STEP # 3:The powder is blown . Electricity isgenerated when coils are rotatedquickly.
Pulverized coal provides the thermal energy which produces about 50% of . onto a moving grate at the bottom of the firebox in a partially crushed gravel like form. This plant became the first central power station in the United States to use.
why coal is crushed in thermal power plant thermal power station wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. some thermal power plants also deliver heat energy for.
In coal-fired power plants coal mills are used to pulverize and dry to coal before it is . Management System For Coal Handling Plant Of Thermal Power Station.
In most coal fired power plants, chunks of coal are crushed into fine powder and . included a higher combustion temperature, improved thermal efficiency and a.
4 Mar 2012 . In a coal based thermal power plant, the initial process in the power generation is . The crushed coal is then transported to the store yard.
Zenith is quite power plant crushing

########
Rank: 17
Score: 42.210175
Retrieved Text: The recent report by E.ON Power Technology in the United Kingdom shows us details of testing done on Green plus, liquid fuel catalyst that reduces harmful emissions, in a test boiler of a coal-fired power plant. Green Plus is a sister company to the Biofriendly Corporation in the US. The purpose of the test was to determine how the fuel catalyst's ability to improve combustion would affect the efficiency of the power plant. The report shows promising results when Green Plus is added to a coal-fired generator.
The report states, "The Green Plus Catalyst showed benefits in LOI (Loss on Ignition) carbon burnout, with no increase in NOx (Nitrogen Oxides) and in some cases, a small NOx reduction." LOI defines the amount of unburned carbon in fly ash. A lower LOI represents less carbon residue in the ash, which means the boiler is operating more efficiently, with lower emissions. During the test, Green Plus lowered LOI by at least 20%.
Alan Thompson, a member of the Test & Measurement Group from Power Technology stated, "This was a very interesting test where the Green Plus catalyst for pulverized coal firing showed benefits in LOI reduction with no increase in NOx." The fact that the research boiler at Power Technology is optimized for low LOI and low NOx makes the test result even more remarkable.
"Reducing the percentage of unburned carbon (LOI) without increasing airflow and keeping NOx emissions under control or even lower than before could be extremely useful to the power industry," said Dr. Colin K. Hill, Chief Consulting

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.194622
Retrieved Text: A profile of Coal Mining in China with directories of companies, people, industry sectors, projects, facilities, news and events.
This Reversible Hammermill crushes fuel and limestone for fluid bed boiler operations and is also used for many other minerals in various industries.
A profile of Coal Mining in Philippines with directories of companies, people, industry sectors, projects, facilities, news and events.
The Weekly Coal Production shows how much coal is being produced across the U.S.
Below you will find an overview of FL's addresses world wide.
Peabody realized production ramp up at the North Goonyella mine in the first quarter 2014, achieving full production targets from the longwall top coal caving system.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.131546
Retrieved Text: Vacuum Boiler, Vacuum Boiler Suppliers and – alibaba.com Vacuum Boiler, Wholesale Various High Quality Vacuum Boiler Products from Global Vacuum Boiler Suppliers and Vacuum Boiler Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com.
Oil Heat Boiler Price Supplier, Find Best Oil thermal oil heater,vacuum cleaning furnace,hot oil heater,air 6mw oil gas fired cheap price heating hot,Gas oil steam boiler,coal fired chain grate coal fired thermal oil heater China Coal & Biomass China coal & biomass fired thermal oil heaters manufacturers and suppliers and a China factory.
Gas boilers are commonly used for water heating, or for heating homes. Turning your heating system to natural gas is probably one of the best decisions you could make, since natural gas boilers will save you plenty money.
central heating boiler manufacturer/supplier, China central heating boiler manufacturer & factory list, find qualified Chinese central heating boiler manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters & wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.com.
By unique micro-furnace boiler body structure, further improvement of beat absorption technology and water tube equipped new type fin for pressure loss reduce in combustion gas flow, smaller boiler with less than 10㎡ in heating surface achieved the bigger production.
A vacuum hot water boiler is a good choice for heating area, such as hotels, greenhouse central heating, office buildings, city central heating, hospitals as well as all other industries that need hot water heating.
Our boiler tube cleaners include advanced features to make cleaning boiler tubes faster and easier than ever before. Just a small amount of scale and soot in tubes can drastically reduce boiler efficiency, and Goodway fire tube and water tube boiler

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.044804
Retrieved Text: Biomass plant – how it works - VattenfallThe Biomass plant – how it works A biomass-fired power plant produces electricity and heat by burning biomass in a boiler. The most common types of boilers are hot water boilers and steam boilers.
How do power plants work? | How do we make electricity?How does a power plant work? ... Boiler: In the boiler, heat from the furnace flows around pipes full of cold water. The heat boils the water and turns it into steam.
Generating Electricity from Coal - Duke EnergyAfter doing its work in the turbine, the steam is drawn into a large chamber in the basement of the power plant. In this important step, millions of gallons of cool water from a nearby source (such as a river or lake) are pumped through a network of tubes running through the condenser.
Why is it necessary to use a condenser in a steam ... - QuoraAs other answers have already said, the condenser on the exhaust of a power plant turbine serves to increase the efficiency of the cycle by lowering the exhaust pressure and recover the valuable condensate to return as boiler feedwater.
How does a Power Plant Boiler work? - Combustion SystemBoiler in a power plant has two functions. The Combustion system converts energy in coal to Heat. Water and steam system converts the heat to steam at high pressures and temperatures.
Power Plant Boiler, How does a Power Plant Boiler workBoilers burn coal to produce steam. Burning coal involves fuel preparation, providing the necessary combustion air and removal

########
Rank: 21
Score: 41.970753
Retrieved Text: Crushed Coal Production Used ia's Mineral & Energy Resourc ia's Mineral & Energy Resources coal, crushed stone, ane wells in production in 1997. Can you use crushed up plain charcoal briquettes for, Jul 25, 2006· Can you use crushed up plain charcoal briquettes for the charcoal in, Some people use it to, I watched a show that the guy made .
charcoal hammer crusher, fine coal shredder machine used .
Jun 22, 2016 · For more information, pls contact me: Sophie Skype:wanqijixie Mail:[email protected] Mob/Whatsapp/Wechat/Viber: 86-13838134483 Tel:86-0371-86596711 Fax:86-03.
crushed coal production line. density of crushed coal used in power plant | Solution, As the coal gets crushed by the, It is widely used in coal powder production. More Info Crushed Lignite Coal Ore - Feed The Beast Wiki.
What are the Uses of Coal? Electricity production is the primary use of coal in the United States. Most of the coal mined in the United States is transported to a power plant, crushed to a very small particle size, and burned. Heat from the burning coal is used to produce steam, which turns a generator to produce electricity.
crushed coal production line density of crushed coal used in power plant | Solution, As the coal gets crushed by the, It is widely used in coal powder production . More Info; Crushed Coal Production Line - bobtattooworld.
how is coal crushed - Feldspar Crusher Sales - XSM machinery. how is coal crushed. how is coal crushed XSM excellent mining crushing machinery products or production line design, the company is committed to building the Chinese

########
Rank: 22
Score: 41.6985
Retrieved Text: There are a bunch of little facts that I sort of half-learned in elementary school, and only those that came with terrific mnemonics have managed to stick. I remember the terms “Dromedary” and “Bactrian,” for example, because a D has one hump (like a one-hump Dromedary camel) and a B has two (like a two-hump Bactrian camel). But I never acquired a similar method for remembering cloud types—cirrus, cumulus, nimbus—I know the names but I forget which is which. And then there’s coal. I vividly recall learning about anthracite, bituminous, and lignite coal as a child in Pennsylvania, a state legendary for its coal production. But which type had which properties or uses? It’s all a blur now. Since I did not pursue an education or profession in which this knowledge was needed, my brain apparently decided to delete those records to make space for really important information, such as Star Trek trivia.
I do remember, though, that when I was quite young my father took me to a coal mine that offered tours to the public. I thought it was absolutely the coolest thing ever. Getting to ride in that train down into the dark tunnels, seeing all that amazing machinery, and imagining the life of a miner was exciting and mysterious. I’ve always had a fondness for caverns and tunnels—maybe that’s where it all started.
As an adult living in California, I rarely think about coal mines. I do, however, think about wildfires and forest fires, especially in the dry months of late summer. Everyone understands

########
Rank: 23
Score: 41.44368
Retrieved Text: 2018-10-18 · A pulverized coal-fired boiler is an industrial or utility boiler that generates thermal energy by burning pulverized coal (also known as powdered coal or coal dust since it is as fine as face powder in cosmetic makeup) that is blown into the firebox.
Home – Coal Biomass Boilers – coal use as fuel in boiler Quick inquiry: I need the quotation of steam boiler hot water boiler , the fuel is , the pressure is , this capacity is , My Name is , my Email is , my phone number is , Please Send the detail information for me!
2018-5-16 · The fuel oil employed for boiler use is mainly manufactured from a mix of extremely heavy hydrocarbons, which tend to contain relatively high amounts of hydrogen content in comparison to coal. Burning of a fuel oil usually produces same kind of pollutants as produced with burning coal.
2014-7-30 · production processes, the use of biomass in place of nonrenewable fuel such as coal, diesel, fuel oil, etc. would result in cost savings and reduction in emissions including emissions of the greenhouse gases responsible for climate change.
2013-9-5 · When it is used as a supplemental fuel in an existing coal boiler, biomass can provide the following benefits: lower fuel costs, avoidance of landfills and their associated costs, and reductions in sulfur oxide, nitrogen oxide, and greenhouse-gas emissions.
Currently, fossil fuels such as oil, coal and natural gas represent the prime energy sources in the world (approximately 80% of the total use of more than 400 EJ per year) as shown in Fig. 1.However, it is

########
Rank: 24
Score: 41.330036
Retrieved Text: Crushing, a form of comminution, one of the unit operations of mineral processing. In the field of extractive metallurgy, mineral processing, also known as ore dressing, is the .... An aqueous solution as a dense medium is used in coal processing in the form of a belknap ... Froth flotation is an important concentration process.
Once I unlocked the flotation cells, I setup a chain of: "Crusher > Flotation... ... myself with how far away the first jiv, crot, saphirite, and coal are.
does not separate particles on the basis of density, is froth flotation. ... crushing the coal into a powdery form, mixing it with water, and then pumping it through a.
In most cases this is achieved by installing a rotary breaker or a roll crusher. ... Fine coal cleaning is achieved by flotation, as coal is naturally hydrophobic.
Home »» which type of crusher is used for coal Products List Ball Mill Belt Conveyor BWZ Heavy Duty Apron Feeder CS Cone Crusher Flotation Machine.
1 Jan 2012 ... Opencut mining for coal . ..... Primary and Secondary Crushing and Loading/Unloading Coal to/from ..... floatation and thickening.
Han, Choon, "Coal cleaning by froth flotation " (1983). ..... posed model also represented well the flotation kinetics of coal ...... cannot be removed by crushing.
7 Jan 2013 ... Copyright © 2010 . MBE Coal Minerals Technology , Cologne ... Pneumatic flotation PNEUFLOT. ® ... Cone crusher, CALIBRATOR. ®.
21 Jun 2017 ... When the impeller of the flotation machine begins to rotate, negative pressure ... Finally, clean coal foam is produced by this

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.26678
Retrieved Text: chapter 2 study of 210 mw boiler system - Shodhgangathe schematic diagram of a boiler furnace in a 210 MW coal fired thermal power plant and . the chemical energy available in the fuel (coal) into internal energy of steam, the working .. This may in-tum affect the temperature at the mill outlet.210 mw coal pulverizer circuit,Thermal Performance and Economic Analysis of 210 MWe Coal .Dec 11, 2013 . A schematic diagram of 210 MWe unit of a coal-fired power plant is shown in . The quantity of coal from coal bunkers to coal mill is regulated.
210 mw coal pulverizer circuit,Performance of Coal Based Thermal Power Plant at Full Load and .Figure 2: Schematic diagram of operating power plant at part load. . Unaccounted losses include moisture in air loss, unburnt gas loss, Mill reject loss, .. Following conclusions are drawn at full load of 210 MW coal based thermal power plant.210 mw coal pulverizer circuit,Minimization of Auxiliary Power Consumption in Coal Fired Thermal .Abstract-Auxiliary power in coal fired power stations accounts for 7 % (500 MW units) to 12 % (30 MW units) of the gross .. Sensitivity of coal quality to mill loading. Chance of mill . circuit. 110.0. 1.90 - 2.00. 62.5. 1.50 - 1.60. Induced draft closed. 500.0. 1.31 - .. power drawn by the fan motors (350 kW per 210 MW unit) by.
Development of Air & Flow Circuits. Draft Required to Establish . Coal Pulverizer. F D Fan. Secondary air . 210 MW POWER PLANT SG. Pressure drop in Air.
Effect of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.251724
Retrieved Text: One of the most attractive and easily implemented biomass energy technologies is cofiring with coal in existing coal fired boilers. In biomass cofiring, biomass can substitute for up to 20% of the coal used in the boiler. The biomass and coal are combusted simultaneously. When it is used as a supplemental fuel in an existing coal boiler, biomass can provide the following benefits: lower fuel costs, avoidance of landfills and their associated costs, and reductions in sulfur oxide, nitrogen oxide, and greenhouse-gas emissions. Other benefits, such as decreases in flue gas opacity, have also been documented. Biomass cofiring is one of many energy- and cost-saving technologies to emerge as feasible for federal facilities in the past 20 years. Cofiring is a proven technology; it is also proving to be life-cycle cost-effective in terms of installation cost and net present value at several federal sites.
Biomass cofiring projects do not reduce a boiler’s total energy input requirement. In fact, in a properly implemented cofiring application, the efficiency of the boiler will be the same as it was in the coal-only operation. However, cofiring projects do replace a portion of the nonrenewable fuel—coal—with a renewable fuel—biomass.
Overall production cost savings can be achieved by replacing coal with inexpensive biomass fuel sources—e.g., clean wood waste and waste paper. Typically, biomass fuel supplies should cost at least 20% less, on a thermal basis, than coal supplies before a cofiring project can be economically attractive.
Biomass cofiring can be applied only at facilities with existing coal-fired boilers. The best opportunities for economically attractive cofiring

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.18518
Retrieved Text: 11/8/2015· Coal Fired Power Plant . How do you make electricity from coal, Effective Digital Presentations, produced this incredible 3D animation to show how a coal . How a coal power plant works? This video explain the key components of a coal power plant. The inside of a 670MW pulverized coal fired boiler: Stac Crosloy: 231KChina ASME/Ce Coal Fired High Pressure CFB Boiler for https://jinanboiler.en.made-in-china.com/product/LBzEnriMmPYJ/China ASME/Ce Coal Fired High Pressure CFB Boiler for Power Plant, Find details about China CFB Boiler, Coal Fired Boiler from ASME/Ce Coal Fired High Pressure CFB Boiler for Power Plant - Jinan Boiler Group Co., Ltd.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.18134
Retrieved Text: ----- 4.0 EQUATIONS FOR BOILER COSTS In order to obtain costs for use by OAQPS in the overall economic evaluation of various regulatory options on new boiler installations, it was necessary to develop relationships between boiler capacity, fuel, and costs.
The boiler’s fuel system was converted from coal to a combination of natural gas and fuel oil in 1973. The coal bunker has been abandoned in place since the fuel conversion. Boiler B-3 was damaged in 1983 and has been experiencing increased maintenance costs since then.
boiler 10 was originally a CE stoker boiler. Boiler 1 and 2 existing burners were arranged in a 2x2 configuration while the boiler 10 was fired by coal feeders and four (4) bark chute openings evenly spaced above the feeders. Boiler 10 was designed to burn stoker coal and wood fuel on an air cooled traveling grate.
GE’s Boilers portfolio addresses all fuels with pulverized coal (PC) boilers that can burn a wide range of hard coals, lignite, and oil/gas, and Circulating Fluidized Bed (CFB) for both conventional and difficult to burn fuels.
4.3.2.2 Costs of Boiler Modification - Gas/Oil to Coal— The costs of converting an existing gas/oil-fired boiler to coal are not well defined. Most experts agree that a fuel switch from gas/oil to coal in a boiler not designed to fire coal will approach the costs of a new coal-fired boiler.
Modifying an existing coal-fired boiler to natural gas firing capability, either to replace or to supplement coal as the primary fuel source, is an extensive – and expensive – project. Although

########
Rank: 29
Score: 40.98603
Retrieved Text: coal wood wood charcoal coalwood will always be home for the rocket boys life register coalwood will always be home for the rocket boys.
coal wood coal and wood stoves new house designs fully red falkirk union coal wood stove perfect and in cape.
coal wood image wood charcoal riddhi enterprise manufacturer in shapar rajkot wood charcoal.
coal wood machine shop in coalwood coalwood will always be home for the rocket boys life register coalwood will always be home for the rocket boys.
coal wood fire tree coal wood texture natural homer hickam wv focus the coalwood club house.
coal wood wood and coal burning in a bbq coalwood sign on flog level row pointing towards cape coalwood.
coal wood on set odell carroll supervises a rocket launch at cape coalwood coalwood wv land for sale real estate realtorcom virginia ave lot welch wv.
coal wood very old coal stoves stove works 162 small cast iron coal wood stove plant stand decor victorian fireplace coal wood metal bin scuttle decorative brass victorian fireplace coal wood metal bin scuttle decorative brass details for sale.
coal wood larger more photos homer hickam wv focus the coalwood club house.
coal wood beautiful stanley argand coal wood burning parlor stove vintage antique 492511069 coal wood ash burning oven stock photo edit now coal and wood ash burning in an oven.
coal wood west virginia coal mines 1940s consolidation coal company no 1 tipple coalwood wv rocket boys coalwood by homer hickam.
coal wood this display in a little coalwood park is obviously a reference to the rocket boys feb 2018 image

================



======= Instance Index 38 =========
Input Text: Process:
- The bat sends out sound waves from their mouth or nose
- The sound waves hit an object
- Echoes are produced
- The echo returns to the bat&#x27;s ears
- The bat hears the echo
- The bat can figure out where the object is located.

Question:
suppose there is more sun shining the the area happens, how will it affect if more bats are asleep.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 34.299706
Retrieved Text: Thousands of dead bats are dropping from trees after temperatures topped 47 degrees in parts of New South Wales.
The area worst affected was Casino in the Richmond Valley region of northern New South Wales, where more than 2,000 dead flying foxes have been found.
Richmond Valley Council general manager Vaughan Macdonald said many of the dead bats were difficult to access because they were scattered along riverbanks.
He said the council was working as fast as it could to dispose of the animals, but residents should brace themselves for the stench of decay.
"For the bats that remain in the trees they will start to decompose and as that happens they will drop," Mr Macdonald said.
"We will continue to monitor the area and pick them up as that happens.
"There may be some odours, so again people just report that to council and we will respond as soon as possible."
WIRES Northern Rivers Bat Coordinator Lib Ruytenberg said despite the high losses, volunteer wildlife carers had managed to save a few hundred bats in the Casino and Kyogle areas.
"We were using mist-spraying to hydrate the trees where the bats were roosting [in Casino] and the ones that came down low, we took them into care and hydrated them," she said.
Ms Ruytenberg said the heat stress would continue to affect bats throughout the week.
"Over the next few days we'll be seeing bats still coming down and falling into people's backyards," she said.
"Members of the public need to remember that they shouldn't touch the bats.
"They can throw a towel over the bat if

########
Rank: 1
Score: 32.964764
Retrieved Text: Living in Seneca County, we have seen many anti-wind turbine yard signs, read newspaper articles and editorials, and heard many comments, pro and con. With all the anti-wind rhetoric, we decided to see for ourselves what all the vitriol is about. We made a trip to Van Wert, got up close and personal with some wind turbines and talked with folks who live in the area.
Our first impression was the serene appearance of the turbines on the landscape. The blades spin slowly (about six revolutions per minute), and the turbines are more appealing than cellphone towers, power poles, etc. We were able to stand underneath an operating turbine. The “whoosh” of the blades is very quiet; the sounds of birds, and traffic on a highway over a mile away, were more noticeable. A farmer’s auger operating about 1,500 feet away was much louder than the turbine.
No one we spoke with mentioned any problems with shadow flicker, which is caused when the sun shining behind the turbine causes intermittent shadows on a structure, such as a home. Ironically, many of the homes around us displaying anti-wind signs are surrounded by trees. They would get more “flicker” from the sun shining through the leaves than from wind turbines. Shadow flicker is not harmful, will not trigger seizures, and will not exceed 30 hours per year, according to limits set by Ohio.
We are all dependent on electricity, and it is an inconvenience when power is out for any length of time. Solar energy is promising, but let’s face it;

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.538103
Retrieved Text: Both lunar and solar eclipses are the processes that have three celestial bodies in common: the Sun, the Moon and the Earth. The lunar eclipse takes place when Earth goes through the Moon and the Sun, so its shadow hides the Moon fully or partially. As for solar eclipse, it happens when the Moon is situated between the Earth and the Sun, blinding the part of the Sun.
The eclipses are divided into three types: total, partial or annual ones. Total solar eclipse occurs when the Moon fully blinds the Sun. Partial eclipse takes place, if only one part of the Sun is hidden. Annular eclipse occurs when the Moon is at its highest peak on the orbit, as it can't fully block the Sun we can see a small circle of light shining from the Moon in the sky.
What is the difference between solar and lunar eclipse?
The first thing is: lunar eclipse is possible only at night, while the solar one can be during the day. Each eclipse has a particular time, when it happens. When the full Moon is fairly opposite the Sun, the lunar eclipse takes place. You understand that full Moon can be seen every month, but lunar eclipse has another schedule. The lunar eclipse is possible only when the Sun is in precise line with the Earth and the full Moon. However, the lunar orbit is 5 more degrees bent than our planet, that's why we don't see a lunar eclipse every full Moon.
Lunar eclipses are easier for us to forecast than

########
Rank: 3
Score: 31.387169
Retrieved Text: Windows can account for a quarter of your heating and cooling costs. If you want to explore your options for windows with various degrees of energy efficiency, sliding windows are one such option. Sliding windows' energy efficiency can be increased by a number of factors.
Energy efficiency rates three factors: solar heat gain, non-solar heat transmission (the "U factor"), and airflow. The non-solar heat loss happens by way of conduction, convection, and radiation through your window. Solar heat gains come from the sun shining into your home. Airflow happens intentionally when you open the window or unintentionally, which is called infiltration or leakage.
A sliding window is one type of sash style. The materials your window is made from and the sash style affect the above three factors. Generally, wood, vinyl, or fiberglass frames are better insulators than aluminum or other metals, so choose sliding windows in these materials. The number of panes of glass, what fills the space between them, and the coating on the glass all affect the energy efficiency so sliding windows with a lower U factor will be more energy efficient.
Horizontal sliding windows usually provide minimal ventilation with an effective open area of 45 percent, which may make cooling a home naturally a bit less effective. Sliding windows can also be leaky, and leakage can be responsible for up to 10 percent of a home's energy usage. The lower the air leakage rating on the label, the better. Keep in mind that leakage ratings on windows don't account for installation, so maximize your sliding

########
Rank: 4
Score: 31.076263
Retrieved Text: On Monday January 7th, San Francisco Recreation and Parks Department (SFRPD), Scott Wiener, and the Glen Park Association held a meeting to discuss the tree-felling for the planned projects in Glen Canyon. The Rec Center was filled to capacity, and the questions went on nearly until 9 p.m. Though there was considerable protest, it was obvious that SF RPD was going ahead. The work has started.
We went out there today. It was a beautiful afternoon, with the winter sun shining through the treetops. All unknowing, little birds flitted and called in the doomed trees. All unknowing, the bats roosted in their no-longer-safe hiding places. All unknowing, the men from the appropriately-named DeKay Demo just did their jobs.
The grand eucalyptus trees at the Elk Rd entrance, over a century old, will end the month as chips and logs. As will hundreds of other trees in the canyon, the ones the children love and climb in, the ones the birds nest in and bats hide in, the ones that feed the and protect the wildlife of this canyon.
We will continue to document the destruction here and at SFGlenCanyon.Net, where the first set of pictures (from this morning) is up.
bastards, all. they know not what they do, or maybe they really do?
You didn’t like my commentary? Maybe if you were 100 yrs old and saw yourself and friends being chopped down at the feet, What then?
“Moderation”? what the h—does that mean? It is moderation to protest the killing of 100yr-old living beings?
All comments to this site are “moderated” –

########
Rank: 5
Score: 30.900343
Retrieved Text: After hearing from six biologists, other experts and several lay presenters, the Environmental Review Tribunal has ruled that, although some bats have been killed in collisions with wind turbine blades, the permitted mortality numbers are not great enough to pose irreversible damage to the eight bat species found locally.
In other evidence, it transpired that most bat deaths are not of resident species but of migratory. Migratory routes, however, remained in dispute. Evidently the science has not caught up with the bats.
The tribunal released its decision on the appeals of Dufferin Wind Power’s Renewable Energy Approval last Monday, Dec. 23. The decision with respect to bats was based on whether the project would negatively impact habitat, the extent to which there would be collision mortality and how that would affect future populations, and how the turbines would impact endangered species.
The importance of bats to the ecosystem as insectivores was not in dispute. “Each bat eats approximately half its body weight in insects, each night,” the tribunal said.
The biologists were also agreed on how the bats live. There are three migratory species that roost in trees while here, and five resident that roost in colonies in the summer and hibernate “in caves, mines and some in old buildings” over winter.
According to expert evidence, it appeared that the wind project would not affect habitat, nor would collision deaths exceed guidelines, and also that mitigating measures could be effective. The major risk was to the migratory species.
“The Tribunal received relatively little in the way of submissions and evidence with respect

########
Rank: 6
Score: 30.50362
Retrieved Text: If you’re finding it hard to get out of bed in the morning, try taking a look at the way you sleep. That’s because how you fall asleep can dramatically affect how you wake up.
Whether you’re finding it hard to get enough sleep because you’re going to bed too late, or because your bad back is keeping you up, a lack of sleep can take a toll on your health.
To Snooze, or Not to Snooze?
Most sleep experts say that adults should be getting between 7-9 hours of sleep a night. Unfortunately, the Better Sleep Council says only about half of us actually do.
Do you find yourself constantly hitting the snooze button in the morning? While you may think snoozing will help you get a little more sleep, it actually doesn’t. Instead, you’re simply prolonging how long it takes for you to fully wake up.
Here’s what happens: you hit snooze and immediately proceed to get back under the covers. Your body, unbeknownst to you, is already awake at this point and thinks it’s ok to fall back asleep. Unfortunately, when you wake up a second (or a third) time, your body has a harder time adjusting — resulting in a groggier, more sluggish you.
Long story short: hitting the snooze button in the morning can actually make you more tired throughout the day.
While getting up earlier may help you stay awake throughout the day, falling asleep at night may be a whole different matter, especially if you’re dealing with back pain.
Low back pain is one of the leading

########
Rank: 7
Score: 30.08499
Retrieved Text: This beautiful piece of wisdom was written by Michael A. Rodriguez, and published on his new website/blog at boundless awareness.com under the title One Bright Pearl. Please check out Michael’s site – his approach honours “both radical non-duality and the paths that emphasize the evolution of consciousness.” There’s a refreshing inclusivity, authenticity and articulate clarity about his writing. Highly recommended.
One of my favorite Zen sayings was by Hsuan-sha: “The whole universe is one bright pearl.” Another translation runs like this: “The entire world of the ten directions is a single shining [or ‘luminous’] jewel.” There are other versions, but I like these two variations the best.
I often think the entire dharma – and perhaps drama – is contained in this expression. It speaks to me. That statement could only have arisen from the awakened state, and in fact, most people are asleep precisely to the reality to which this statement points. If you could wake up to this one truth, you would wake up altogether.
Somehow, by the mysterious mechanism of memory, the unknowable self-luminous jewel of awareness seems to become shrouded by what we take to be the known. We essentially come to live in a claustrophobic prison of the known and do not see the absurdly obvious fact that the reality of boundless experience could not possibly be shining more luminously. As the writer Samuel Beckett once wrote, “habit is a great deadener.” Because of habit, which functions by way of the veiling power of memory, we start to live within the narrow confines of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.973167
Retrieved Text: Sleep deprivation is more than just feeling tired during the day. The rest your body gets at night is meant to rejuvenate you — you wake up alert, energetic, optimistic and focused. But missing out on those crucial sleep hours — whether it’s from sleep apnea or insomnia (obstructed breathing or the inability to fall or stay asleep, respectively), or other causes such as illness (including cancer) or advanced age — can have a huge impact on your health.
Dr. Simon discusses the science of good sleep, what happens when you don’t get it and how you can change your sleep habits for the better.
Q. How do circadian rhythms — the body’s sleep cycles — work?
A. “You have a group of cells in your brain that act like a clock, if you will. The cells turn on and progressively alert you for about 16 hours a day on average, and then they decrease alertness at night. All day long as you’re staying awake the brain is developing the need for sleep — we call that the homeostatic sleep drive. And then at night when the clock starts turning off, that sleep debt you’ve accumulated all day is what drives sleep.
Q. How do you know if you’re not getting enough sleep?
A. “There are several signs that can indicate you are sleep deprived. If you lie down to take a nap and fall asleep quickly, you’re not getting enough sleep. If you’re well rested throughout the day, you’re getting enough sleep. Here’s the big test: Boredom does not cause

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.809673
Retrieved Text: These are mysterious and mythical mammals. But what happens when you need to know how to get rid of bats?
They are the only ones in their genus that can fly. Some people are scared of them even though they are not as dangerous as often imagined. That said, if they’re in your home, you’d likely want to know how to get rid of bats.
It’s very uncommon to go to your attic and find a colony of bats nesting up there, but it happens sometimes. It’s more likely to find crickets or other bugs, not bats.
Bats are drawn to the dark, lonely, aspects that an attic holds. That doesn’t mean that if you hear a noise in your attic, that you need to call pest control immediately. First, check and see if the noise was bats.
Usually, the noises from the attic are water pipes, or the wood adjusting to the humidity. However, if there are bats in your attic then you need to get rid of them. Thankfully, there are many ways to repel bats from your home.
It’s still important to know what’s involved in getting rid of bats. We’ve put together 3 items and 5 tips to get these mammals out of your home.
Bats have poor eyesight, but amazing hearing. An ultrasonic sound repellant keeps bats away by using tone that you and other animals can’t hear.
The problem with bats is that they bite when provoked or threatened and carry the risk of transmitting rabies.
Bats are also noisy and may also soil wherever they stay. Nevertheless,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.137194
Retrieved Text: Lately there’s been some discussion about whether the proposed HS2 route would affect a number of Bechstein’s Bats discovered along the line of route. There has been concern that the bats’ habitat could be lost should the proposed railway be built.
The rare breed of bat was recently found in Finemere Wood near Aylesbury by the local bat group, who have been using new methods to locate this species.
At the moment it is too early to know whether Bechstein’s Bats would be affected by the proposed line, as so little is known about them. But bats are a protected species by law and we would certainly make sure we avoid any negative impact on the Bechstein’s Bats.
Were the proposals for HS2 to be agreed, we would take every step to make sure the environment and wildlife are affected as little as possible. We would carry out a full Environmental Impact Assessment, alongside detailed design work.
At that stage we would work closely with Natural England, the North Bucks Bat Group and the Bat Conservation Trust to find out if there would be any impact and take the necessary action to avoid it. We’d also explore whether HS2 Ltd could improve local woodland management to the benefit of the species.
It’s worth noting that the current proposed route for HS2 goes along a freight railway line already in use, and does not cut through Finemere Wood or other woodland in the area.
Please read our Wildlife and Habitats factsheet for more details of how we would seek to avoid or reduce

########
Rank: 11
Score: 28.950836
Retrieved Text: 27/07/2018 · If you've made a mistake in editing the code and hidden some files then run cmd and then go to the folder which contained those files and then type attrib -r -h -s *.* then hit enter and your files will come …... Summary of Step-By-Step Instructions: 1) Observe your house at dusk to see exactly where the bats are flying out. Inspect inside the attic as well, and identify which species of bat you have.
Vampire bats are bats whose food source is blood, a dietary trait called hematophagy. Three extant bat species feed solely on blood: the common vampire bat (Desmodus rotundus), the hairy-legged vampire bat (Diphylla ecaudata), and the white-winged vampire bat (Diaemus youngi).... Check out our bat themed merchandise. In time for Christmas, we have batty Christmas Cards!! Proceeds will help fund our rescue, rehabilitation and education efforts. In time for Christmas, we have batty Christmas Cards!!
Go to batcon.org and check out the criteria for bat house locations. There is a great deal of information on their site about bats, and also links to many other related sites. There is a great deal of information on their site about bats, and also links to many other related sites. how to add users to google for nonprofits To make this paper bat mask, just print out our vampire bat mask template and follow the directions included. Even More Vampire Bat Crafts Below Foldable Vampire Paper Toy Craft - If you want to make this paper vampire / Dracula toy, don't worry, it

########
Rank: 12
Score: 28.75629
Retrieved Text: I'm batty about bats!!! Bats mean everything to me! I'm training to become a Natural England bat warden and bat carer! Everybody!!! Please note: Boxes are more likely to be used if they are located where bats are known to feed. Ideally, several boxes should be put up facing in different directions to provide a range of conditions. Boxes should be put as high as possible in sheltered sunny places. On buildings, boxes should be placed as close to the eaves as possible.Some bats use a tree line or hedgerow for navigation. Putting boxes near these features may help the bats find the box. Locate boxes: • Where bats are known to feed close to hedges and tree lines • At least 4 or 5m above the ground • Sheltered from strong winds and exposed to the sun for part of the day (usually south or south-west) Bats need time to find and explore new homes, and it may be several years before boxes have residents – be patient! Droppings on the landing area, urine stains around the lower parts of the box and chittering noises from inside on warm afternoons and evenings are signs of occupation. If you have any bat questions, feel free to ask me, I would be more than happy to help!
It's much better making a bat box than buying one as you will save money and you can recycle wood.
cool i will do it . sounds good fun! plese mesige me seya !

########
Rank: 13
Score: 28.584187
Retrieved Text: Went first service today, cried all the way there and through about 85% of it. Thought I was going to burst with the pain at the start. Came home, watched some tv, fell asleep, woke up and feel so tired. Grief is knackering. And it feels like it’s getting harder and harder. And I feel more exhausted every passing day. The loneliness is so immense. It really is like having a shadow over you. You know when you sit half in the sun and half in the shade, and even though you try to ignore it the shadow is cold and dark so you move all the way into the sun. So even though I know the sun is shining the shadow is so dark, and cold and heavy and I cannot move out of it, as there is no where to move yet. Not sure that makes sense, but it does to me.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Bereavement, grief, loneliness, loss. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 28.542469
Retrieved Text: Most people do not pay much attention to the roofing on their home. Unless they happen to spot a leak in their ceiling. During this time, the roof is in desperate need of extensive repair work or a replacement. As a concerned homeowner, you need to inspect the condition of your roof once a year to detect any signs of a pending repair or replacement.
Roofs offer both shelter and protection from a host of outdoor elements such as rain, wind, and sun. It is imperative that your roofing remains in an excellent condition so your home can be a refuge for you and your family. You need to regularly inspect your roof for any signs of failure or aging, particularly after severe weather storms.
Following are a couple of signs your home is in need of a new roof. These tips will serve as indicators of what to look for when dealing with various roofing issues before they turn into bigger worries.
Any tell-tale signs of granules in your guttering may show that the protective covering of your roof is busy wearing off. They serve a significant role in that the cover keeps the sun at bay from the asphalt. Once they lose their protective power, the quality of your roof shingles will deteriorate.
Keep looking out for any possible flashing damages or rusting that surrounds the chimney area, skylights or vents. Any tears, dents, or rust would allow water to seep into your home. Watch out for green moss, fungus, or mold. Be wary that wood shakes are

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.533724
Retrieved Text: 1.1 How dangerous are bats?
1.2 Can a baby bat have rabies?
1.3 Do bats attack people?
3.1 What kills bats in a house?
3.2 What color are bat droppings?
3.3 How dangerous are bats?
4 Can a bat hurt you?
4.1 What do bat droppings smell like?
4.2 How do you repel bats?
4.3 Can you get rabies from bat guano?
5 What do bat droppings smell like?
5.1 Do bats poop in their sleep?
5.2 How do you get rid of bats in your house?
5.3 What does bat guano do?
I myself trained for two years with a bat removal expert before I started my own bat removal jobs, and even then, I had a lot to learn. Trapping and removal of a bat in Texas can be tricky and should never be attempted if the bat was found in a room where people were sleeping. Bat removal is not easy, especially if you want to get rid of bats in the attic. While at your property, Timber Meadows bat control will identify the entry points bats are using to access your home and make recommendations to exclude them permanently. I have seen MANY people install a bat house in their yard thinking the bats will move from their attic into the bat house. Nuisance bats suspected of having rabies should always be left for professionals to remove.
HOW DO I GET RID OF BATS FROM AN ATTIC? Bat removal is not a simple task. I do actually recommend that you hire a professional with bat removal experience for getting rid of bat problems. There is no effective

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.526325
Retrieved Text: This is the final stage of this painting in progress.
Here is a detail of what the focal point looks like so far. I wanted to warm it up a little so I glazed some New Gamboge, very wet, over the area of the river bank, the greenery and the lily pads.
You can see how the glaze added warmth and life to the foreground and riverbank. Now it looks more like the sun is shining on it!
Below is the finished project!
If you enjoyed this project, there is more to come. Click on the link at left to become a Follower!
Thanks so much for visiting! Another project will be here soon.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.43985
Retrieved Text: Bat removal, bat control and bat relocation during the Fall months is often the best times to complete bat removal exclusions. During the beginning of fall all juvenile pups are in full flight and aren’t at risk of being trapped into their dwelling area (attic, eves, walls, vents, etc.). Fall months are often cool, but most times the nights are still warm enough for all the bats to leave their roost for food and water. Once the temperatures drop below 40 degrees at night and frost line hits the food source will die out and the bats cannot survive without relocating or hibernation. Bats will tend to move from the rafters of your attic, the soffits, and outside vents down underneath the insulation to find an area above 40 or 50 degrees where it is most comfortable for them to survive.
Because the temperatures are so up and down during the fall months it is very important not to remove the exclusion devices installed on your home until late spring or early summer of the following year. Also there is no guarantee during the Fall months that the bats will be excluded from their roosting area. We continue to monitor the flight activity of the bats during these months.
Having your home bat proofed and exclusion work done during the Fall months can also be beneficial to the home owner because any open airways into your home can be sealed to cut down on energy bills. During home inspections our technicians can make you aware of your insulation

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.432972
Retrieved Text: In order to know where to find solar energy you must first know what solar energy is. Solar energy is energy from the sun. When the sun is shining solar energy is being produced as it sends the heat radiating to the earth. You can find solar energy anywhere or anything that the sun can shine on. There is a way that you can save the sunlight in order to provide heat during the cold, which is what millions of people have done throughout the years.
It started thousands of years ago when people where able to use a thick lens or magnifying glass on an object that would attract the sun rays on that particular object and could get so hot it would catch fire. This gave a new prospective on how strong the heat from the sun really was.
The problem with capturing the suns heat is the fact that when it reaches the earths surface it does not go to one particular spot. It is spread evenly over the earth where the sunlight is able to reach. When this happens you may find it difficult to heat something using only the sunlight. Although the area or object may be hot if left in the sun too long it will not reach the full heating potential of the sun's light.
In order to use the heat efficiently to heat a room after the sun goes down or when the sun is unable to shine because of clouds you will need to use a source that will attract

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.323383
Retrieved Text: Is your motivation fading? Try this to get back on track.
Believe me, I get it. I have been there (and I still go there… a LOT). When I work with women to plan professional and personal projects, I get a front row seat to watch how our motivation can affect what we accomplish.
Let go of the guilt. Be forgiving with yourself. We ALL get off track, we all lose motivation sometimes, so allow yourself to acknowledge that feeling of guilt, then let it go.
Visualize your end game. When you imagine your goal, what do you see? If your answer to that question is kind of hazy or nebulous, then really set aside some time (10 or 20 minutes) to practice visualizing yourself reaching that goal. How do you feel? Who is with you? Are you in a specific location? What does it look like or smell like? Is the sun shining? What are you wearing in this scenario?
Going into that much detail might feel a little nutty at first, but the more detail you can give your visualization, the more real it will be to you. Try this out and then let me know how it worked out for you. What do you do when you feel yourself getting off track? Do you have another method you use to regain motivation? If so, hit reply and let me hear about it!
Got a goal and you’re not sure how to reach it? Do you feel like you want a road map or a timeline to get there?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.282139
Retrieved Text: Suppose Athletic Country is producing 200 bats and 200 rackets. Label this as Point G on your graph.
Suppose Athletic Country wants to produce 550 bats and 490 rackets. Label this as Point H on your graph.
1 – What is one skill that helped you to complete this task? How did it help you to demonstrate your learning?
2 – What is one skill / area where you need to focus to improve before your next assignment? Why?
For this assignment, I can….

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.248144
Retrieved Text: Identify what's causing your problems by taking Dr. Len's quizzes.
When people tell me they have problems sleeping, I always ask if they are having trouble falling asleep or staying asleep. This helps determine if their diet and blood sugar are part of the problem.
The biggest reason people are having a hard time falling asleep is that their brain is being over-stimulated. In Ecclesiastes 2:23, it talks about how even at night the mind does not rest. How can you expect to fall asleep when your brain is being triggered to produce more ‘stimulatory’ brain messengers?
We’ve heard for years that we should stay away from caffeinated drinks (coffee, energy drinks, and soft drinks), which stimulate our brain. However, the problem is more than what we drink or eat.
Stress and the hurry-up lifestyle many of us follow trigger the body to produce more ‘stimulatory’ neurotransmitters (brain messengers) such as dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine (adrenaline). These ‘stimulatory’ brain messengers do just that – stimulate us!
The problem is that many people are stimulating their brains late into the evening by answering e-mails, playing video games, watching television, searching the Internet, working late at night, and the list goes on. These are the same people who are reaching for some type of sleeping pill that will counteract all that stimulation they brought upon themselves. Unfortunately, like any drug, there are side effects.
When we look back at history, we see that when the sun went down, people began to unwind and gradually prepare for bedtime. There was nothing else to do. They

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.227146
Retrieved Text: Miami-Dade County Mosquito Control experts are struggling to contain the Aedes aegypti mosquito, which brought the Zika virus to Wynwood this week. Workers are frantically treating open water in the area, and planes will soon spray the neighborhood. Despite all of that, a 15th locally transmitted case of the disease was reported yesterday.
"They've been applying both chemicals that kill larval mosquitoes and adult mosquitoes every day," Dr. Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, told CBS News. "It isn't working as well as we had hoped."
With mosquito control experts stretched thin, some residents have already demanded the county get creative. Could flooding the city with mosquito-hungry bats be one option?
Bats are, famously, one of the mosquito's natural predators. According to some experts, a single brown bat can gobble up to 1,000 mosquitoes in a single hour. So if the county released a cave's worth of bats into the Wynwood sky every day, Miami's mosquito problem would be eradicated in a fortnight, right?
Turns out the idea isn't all that crazy: Last month, the New York Times chronicled suburban North Hempstead, New York's plan to build "bat houses" — which look and function like bird houses except with slot-shaped holes for bats — across its Long Island town. According to one mosquito expert the Times quoted, bats burn so many calories through flying that they pretty much have to inhale mosquitoes indiscriminately to keep themselves full.
But town officials say it's impossible to quantify what impact the bats have had, and Laura Finn, a Central

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.192575
Retrieved Text: Many animals harbor viruses that can jump to other species, but bats may be in a class of their own when it comes to carrying zoonotic (human-infecting) viruses. Bats are reservoirs for more than 60 viruses that can infect humans, and host more viruses per species than even rodents do, new research shows.
“There seems to be something different about bats in terms of being able to host zoonotic infections,” study researcher David Hayman, a wildlife epidemiologist at Colorado State University (CSU), told LiveScience.
In recent years, bats have received a lot of attention for their virus-hosting abilities. They’ve been shown to carry a number of harmful infections, including rabies and viruses related to SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome). Moreover, research suggests bats may be the original hosts of nasty viruses such as Ebola and Nipah, which causes deadly brain fevers in people.
This impressive track record left Hayman and his colleagues wondering: Are bats somehow special in their ability to host zoonotic viruses?
The researchers also looked at different factors that could help explain bats’ surprising zoonotic viral richness. One factor stood out: sympatry, in which multiple species of an order of organisms inhabit the same geographical area. Bat and rodent species were more likely to host multiple viruses if their habitat ranges overlapped with the ranges of other bat and rodent species, respectively. And though rodents experience more range overlaps than bats (due to their greater number of species), the effect of sympatry was almost four times stronger for bats.
Compared with rodents, “adding one more bat species to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.188347
Retrieved Text: When’s the right time to start downsizing?
It truly depends on your wants and needs, but we do have some advice to offer when it comes to deciding when is the right time for you.
Is It Safe for Mom to Invest in a Retirement Co-op?
When it comes to choosing a retirement cooperative (also known as a retirement co-op), there are a lot of factors to take into account: the culture, the location, the amenities, and so on.
As the weather warms, water safety is of paramount importance.
With temperatures rising and the sun shining bright, we’ll all be taking a dip to cool off before we know it. However, water can be as dangerous as it is fun and relaxing, and unfortunately, accidents happen all too often.
Wolfeboro, New Hampshire, has so many wonderful things to offer. But venture a few hours in any direction and you’ll find that the surrounding area has plenty to offer, too.
There’s no getting around it—crime happens. More specifically, property crime happens. That’s why it’s best to take steps to limit your risk of becoming a victim of theft or burglary.
It can be difficult to keep on top of all the different tax deductions out there, especially tax breaks for seniors. However, taking advantage of the tax benefits that favor seniors and retirees is definitely worth the extra effort.
Pets have become a very important staple in our lives. We’ve seen the studies, pets not only improve our physical health but our emotional health as well.
Naturally, when we decide to downsize and move elsewhere, our pets

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.183596
Retrieved Text: What are USABats and, more importantly, why should we care?
The USA Bats will become the new bat standard for American Amateur Baseball Congress (AABC), Amateur Athletic Union (AAU), Babe Ruth Baseball/Cal Ripken Baseball, Dixie Youth Baseball, Little League Baseball and PONY Baseball in January 2018. We should care because these will be the new bats people will buy if you are playing in those leagues.
Who will this new standard affect?
The new bat standard will affect kids that are age 12 and under playing in American Amateur Baseball Congress (AABC), Amateur Athletic Union (AAU), Babe Ruth Baseball/Cal Ripken Baseball, Dixie Youth Baseball, Little League Baseball and PONY Baseball.
From an offensive production standpoint, how effective will this new standard be in dampening ball speed?
The way these new USA bats will perform will be more like a "wood bat." The ball will not come off with the same exit velocity. It will not come off as hard and go as far.
When can we buy USABats?
The idea is to have the new USA bats out in fall of 2017.
Will my BPF 1.15 bat be legal in my league after 2018?
That is the most important question. If your league is adopting the new USA Bat standard, you can not use them. If you play on a club team and go to different tournaments that answer might be yes or no. It would be suggested to check before.
If I am in a USSSA 1.15 2 1/4 Little League league in both 2017 and 2018, what will be the best strategy for making

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.085417
Retrieved Text: In recent years, the emphasis and recognition of mental illness being just as harmful as a physical ailment has surely increased. One of the most common and recurring mental illnesses is depression, and is not to be taken lightly. Different people display different signs and symptoms, though most may be fairly common between patients, there are others that are unique to each case.
If you have depression, your executive thinking processes may slow down, making it more difficult for you to perform simple tasks such as how to drive or cook.
Most people function under the belief that depression only affects your brain, but actually it can affect your whole body.
Depression dampens a person’s reasoning and problem-solving functions which is why is why a person can feel unrealistically negative about himself, feel guilty or responsible for things that he might not truly believe if the depression wasn’t active.
When you’re feeling depressed, anxious or stressed your whole body shuts down including your reproductive cycle. When this happens signals that are supposed to be sent to your ovaries are absent, and your ovulation cycle will either be delayed or stopped completely to cause absent or late periods.
Depressed individuals may suffer from a range of insomnia symptoms, including difficulty falling asleep), difficulty staying asleep un­-refreshing sleep, and daytime sleepiness.
Irritability is already seen as a diagnostic indicator in several psychiatric disorders.
Some men also feel very anxious when they become depressed. You feel on edge all the time, worried, fearful, and may find it hard to go out or to face people.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.049706
Retrieved Text: In order to remove the bats, you have to funnel them out at their usual primary exit/entry holes. Trapping and removal of a bat in Texas can be tricky and should never be attempted if the bat was found in a room where people were sleeping. If not then make sure to wear protective clothing and a very well-made mask. While at your property, Bacliff bat control will identify the entry points bats are using to access your home and make recommendations to exclude them permanently. How To Clean Up The Guano? Nuisance bats suspected of having rabies should always be left for professionals to remove.
HOW DO I GET RID OF BATS FROM AN ATTIC? Bat removal is not a simple task. To most people they look like an eagle or condor when cruising around in their house. There is no effective bat repellent for example that can do the job easily. The proper way to get rid of them is to exclude the colony – seal off 100% of possible secondary entry points on the home and remove all of the bats from the building safely. We spend an evening watching all sides of the structure to locate the primary exit points. It is often very challenging, and it must be done just the right way. An amateur attempt, by someone with no experience, or worse, a pest control company that uses bat poison, could result in disaster – dead, rotting bats, and bats swarming throughout the walls and the home. BAT BEHAVIOR: Bats are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 27.87226
Retrieved Text: Children fall asleep at night, heavy sleep to make a hit, a lot of novice parents may be a big sigh of relief: the children finally fell asleep, really thank God! But behind it, there may be a crisis we haven’t seen. Japanese otolaryngologist Ishihiro Ishihiro warned: children may be sick snoring!
Children should not be lightly snoring.
According to Ishihiro, although children sometimes snort, they are not common. If they do, they may be the following three:.
Throat and nasal cavity inflammation, swelling, will clog the respiratory tract.
Adenoid hypertrophy of lymphoid tissue in nasopharynx.
Adenoids are lymphoid tissue located in the nasopharynx. They are prone to hypertrophy due to repeated colds and infections, which can clog the respiratory tract in severe cases. Because of nasal congestion, children have to breathe through their mouths. After a long period of time, the upper lip will become thicker and higher. Front teeth protrude, nose, face flattened, forming the so-called “adenoid face”, the appearance is seriously affected.
At the age of 6, the tonsils and adenoids grow at the peak. Once they grow too fast, their mouth and face may block their respiratory tract and cause sleep apnea. If the child’s throat is often inflamed, It also makes tissue grow faster.
Sleep apnea happens in children.
The so-called sleep apnea disease, refers to the person in sleep, upper respiratory tract obstruction, resulting in shallow breathing, more laborious, severe may make the airway completely blocked and cause asphyxia.
The probability of children suffering from sleep apnea is about 1 / 3. Unlike adults, adults are mostly caused by

########
Rank: 29
Score: 27.872246
Retrieved Text: 9 FREE things to do in Athens while the weather is WARM!
Hi everyone! The warm weather and sunshine is upon us! I can feel it coming…now we just need to get it to stay! 🙂 Anytime the sun is shining I try to go outside and make the most of the beautiful weather. I have discovered many wonderful, relaxing, and enjoyable activities to do here on campus while the sun is shining. There is no better way to escape from the pressure of school than with a little vitamin D. Getting out in nature is not only good for your body, but it’s good for the soul. I sound like a hippie now…but I am serious!
Here are 10 free things to do this spring!
How perfect is laying on a blanket in the grass, eating some yummy treats, listening to music, and hanging with your best friends? This activity is effortless, easy, and you can customize it to however you like! Nothing beats a picnic in the sunshine.
If you don’t have a bike…I’m sure there is someone around that would be happy to lend you theirs! You can even borrow mine. Going for a bike ride is so good for the soul. You get to clear your mind, enjoy the fresh air, and get a good workout!
Front Room has the most beautiful balcony. There is an amazing view of campus and they have nice comfortable lounge chairs. Back in the fall, I fell asleep on one of the couches right there in the sunshine. It was AMAZING!

================



======= Instance Index 39 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Green is a color that gathers sunlight easily
- Sunlight is gathered by the leaves of the plant
- The sunlight is broken down into glucose through photosynthesis
- The glucose travels the plant
- The plant uses that glucose as energy to grow.

Question:
suppose more sunny days happens, how will it affect less sugar and oxygen produced.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.631674
Retrieved Text: Driving question: How do cows use energy to move? What is the hidden chemical change when cows move?
Scapular Kinematics: So how is the scapula supposed to move?
DRIVING QUESTION: WHAT IS SELECTIVE BREEDING?
Driving question: How do cows use energy to move?
What is the hidden chemical change when cows move?
How do oxygen and food help a cow use energy to move?
Making the Reactant Molecules: Sugar and Oxygen Cellular respiration occurs when sugar (C6H12O6) reacts with oxygen (O2). Make a molecules of sugar and oxygen on the reactant side of your Molecular Models poster: 1. Get the atoms you will need to make your molecules. Can you figure out from the formula for sugar how many C, H, and O atoms you will need? 2. Use the bonds to make models of a sugar molecule (C6H12O6) and at least 6 oxygen molecules (O2, with a double bond) 3. Identify the high-energy bonds (C-C and C-H) by putting twisty ties on them. How many high energy bonds does a molecule of sugar have? 4. Compare your molecules to the pictures on the next slide. Are they the same?
Photo of reactant molecules: H6C12O6 (sugar) Start by making the molecules and energy units of the reactants and putting them on the reactants side, then rearrange the atoms and energy units to show the products.
How many O2 molecules do you need to combine with one sugar molecule? How many CO2 and H2O molecules are produced by respiring one molecule?
Remember, atoms last forever. So you can make and break bonds, but you still need

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.103668
Retrieved Text: A study of elite race walkers shows that a low-carbohydrate, high-fat diet will slow their race times and training (J of Physiology, February 14, 2017).
• The high carbohydrate and the alternate-day high-carbohydrate groups improved their race times. The LCHF group did not improve.
• The LCHF group burned a greater percentage of fat during intense exercise.
• The LCHF group required more oxygen to exercise intensely at 80 percent of their maximum speed for two hours. The LCHF diet forced the athletes to burn more fat and less carbohydrates so they required more oxygen, and therefore had to slow down.
Your muscles burn primarily fat and carbohydrates for energy. You have enough fat stored in your body to exercise for many days. However, you can store only 1600-2000 calories worth of sugar (carbohydrate) in your muscles and liver, and will start to run out of your meager supply of sugar after 70 minutes of intense exercise.
The faster you move, the greater percentage of sugar that your muscles use for energy, so restricting carbohydrates (your source of sugar) and forcing your muscles to burn more fat slows you down in both training and racing. The key to improving your speed over distance is to move very fast in training. Anything that makes you train at a slower pace limits your improvement, and of course, anything that slows you down in a race can make you a loser.
In another study, competitive bicycle racers ate a high-fat or high-carbohydrate diet for six days followed by a high-carbohydrate diet for one day and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.176445
Retrieved Text: Ask Tom: How does the weather affect fall's colors?
Well-timed rains and moderate summer temperatures have the Chicago area headed for an impressive display of fall colors.
Barring unexpected changes in the weather over the next two months, vivid displays are likely in all but the northernmost sections of the Midwest, where severe drought may lead to less intense colors while encouraging leaves to fall from trees earlier than usual.
These are the views of two of this area's most respected plant scientists and veteran observers of the region's fall color scene.
Both experts anticipate an especially generous helping of reds in this year's color arsenal if sunny, warm days and cool but largely frost-free nights dominate between now and the color peak. That peak around here is likely to arrive the third or fourth week of October--later than in years past when earlier mid-October color peaks were more common.
The Morton Arboretum's chief scientist, Gary Watson, says that more than the weather, shorter days and longer nights this time of year have the largest impact on the annual explosion of color in foliage. Environmental factors, including plant genetics, rainfall and the nutrients available to trees, all impact the seasonal color change. But, when it comes right down to it, the seasonal shift in sunlight intensity and the arrival of shorter days and longer nights prove most critical in encouraging leaves to cut back on, and ultimately stop, the production of chlorophyll, which produces the leaves' characteristic green color. When chlorophyll is reduced and finally eliminated, as happens when days shorten,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.128796
Retrieved Text: We have a warmer pattern emerging across western Nevada as the chilly low pressure center that brought us our last little bit of unsettled weather moves well to the east and a stronger ridge of high pressure builds into the region. Look for sunny skies Wednesday and Thursday with high temperatures climbing into the upper 60s Wednesday and then to the upper 70s by Thursday. Highs will peak in the low 80s by the weekend with a few afternoon clouds, but no likely precipitation.
Yesterday, Steve wondered how much difference our elevation made in terms of the oxygen content, since he was having some issues with his oxygen levels in his blood were low. It certainly can be the elevation. We have about 15% less oxygen here at our elevation than at sea level. I am not sure exactly what that might mean to your blood oxygen levels, but I imagine it could affect them pretty drastically. The air here is also very dry, and that might make some difference in how your lungs react, especially if you have asthma.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.812416
Retrieved Text: Diabetes is a serious disease that can affect your eyes, heart, nerves, feet and kidneys. Understanding how diabetes affects your body is important. It can help you follow your treatment plan and stay as healthy as possible.
How do health problems from diabetes begin?
If your diabetes is not well controlled, the sugar level in your blood goes up. This is called “hyperglycemia” (high blood sugar). High blood sugar can cause damage to very small blood vessels in your body. Imagine what happens to sugar when it is left unwrapped overnight. It gets sticky. Now imagine how sugar “sticks” to your small blood vessels and makes it hard for blood to get to your organs. Damage to blood vessels occurs most often in the eyes, heart, nerves, feet, and kidneys. Let’s look at how this damage happens.
Eyes. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for a long time can harm the tiny blood vessels in your eyes. This can result in vision problems or blindness.
Heart. High blood sugar may also harm larger blood vessels in your body that supply oxygen to your heart and brain. Fat can build up in the blood vessels as well. This can lead to a heart attack or stroke.
Nerves. Nerves carry important messages between your brain and other parts of your body. Having high levels of sugar in your blood for many years can damage the blood vessels that bring oxygen to some nerves. Damaged nerves may stop sending pain signals.
Feet. Diabetes can harm your feet in two ways. First, it can

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.655664
Retrieved Text: After a couple of pre-dawn CTD casts this morning, we slowed down to make measurements in the vicinity of the French CARIOCA buoy. We have finally left the patch that we’ve spent nearly 3 weeks chasing around this area of the South Pacific. We started to see increases in the number of phytoplankton cells toward the end of the patch experiment. It has been hypothesized that once the many cloudy days finally broke into sunshine, the phytoplankton were no longer light limited. But as always in science there are certain to be other contributing factors to the growth limitation of the phytoplankton. Possibly low levels of other trace metals besides iron contributed to the growth limitation.
We are now steaming to the first of 2 biophysical moorings that require servicing. Here we will also be taking water samples for the same suite of analyses that we have been performing on the patch water.
As for myself, I’ve been continuously monitoring the amount of total dissolved gas and oxygen in the surface ocean through the Tangaroa’s seawater supply. I’m also doing titrations for the analysis of oxygen, using the Winkler method, to keep the oxygen sensors on the CTD and in my underway system in calibration.
Coming into this experiment we expected to see significant increases in the amount of oxygen in the ocean produced by active phytoplankton. The grazing by zooplankton has seemingly kept pace with any increased phytoplankton biomass and as a result this expected increase in oxygen hasn’t been observed. The extreme weather we’ve had during the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.23288
Retrieved Text: Diabetes and Heat: Can the Heat Affect Diabetes?
Living with diabetes, you likely know how to manage your symptoms most of the time, but you may not realize just how much diabetes and heat interact.
While some people might be able to brave the beach all day until the sun dips down, that can be a recipe for disaster for anyone with a blood sugar disorder — after all, heat and humidity affect your metabolism, and can throw your carefully concocted diabetes management plan out of whack.
The first step to a safer and happier summer season is a better understanding of how diabetes and temperature interact on hot days. Take some time to learn exactly what diabetic challenges you may face, so you can prepare and protect yourself when the temperature rises.
Studies show that visits to the emergency room and hospitalizations go way up for diabetics during the hottest times of the year, and that’s not always traced to careless behavior. Some people simply don’t realize how much they need to change their routine when the temperature soars.
Diabetes impairs your ability to sweat, and since sweat is your body’s natural cooling system, you can get overheated a lot quicker than your neighbor. Blood sugar can be more difficult to control as your body tries to adapt to the rising temperature, too, which sets the stage for uncomfortable hypo- or hyperglycemic episodes.
Dehydration. Dehydration is a risk for everyone, but it can affect diabetics much more severely. The problem is that less blood flows through your kidneys, which leaves a

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.057608
Retrieved Text: Yes the aquatic ape theory sounds good with its´ talk about our adaptations to breath hold, a survival instinct - problem is - it is not true. The arguments consists of a little mish mash of everything that supports the theory, but taking in the full picture then another story emerges. We are land animals - we like breathing.
Our instincts implanted in the autonomy sympathetic nerve system (fight and fligth system) knows this. When we stop breathing, alarm bells start to go off and soon an emergency system starts to operate. Some like to call these reactions "The dive response". Well, I got news for you - there is no such thing. The correct term is "general adaptation syndrome", and its not pretty. It is a general response to stress that all organism display when living conditions deteriorate (such no access to oxygen).
Stress hormone release (that among others) promote fat/protein conversion to sugar.
Heart rate and blood pressure rises.
If you would check the cortisol levels of the blood (or urine) in association to a maximum dive they would probably be sky high. Cortisol is a stress marker.
In a competition, having announced above your PB, Just by thinking of that long horrible dive in front of you will probably start these responses.
Digestion slows down (Saliva dry up).
Endorphins are secreted (feels like euphoria).
And the romantic freediver might think that this last phenomena is to cause bloodshift to make you able to dive deeper.
Nope, the reason of vasoconstriction is to stop possible bleeding in case of injury.
So why do we

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.844412
Retrieved Text: FAQ Frequently Asked Questions about Kombucha Mushroom Tea.
1. What is Kombucha Mushroom Tea?
a. A miraculous semi-sweet, slightly carbonated, pleasantly tasting health enhancing functional probiotic tea, believed to date back to Ancient China.
2. Can I make Kombucha Tea at home? Is it Safe?
a. Yes. The U.S. FDA , and CDC (Center for Disease Control) and numerous U.S. peer reviewed research has found kombucha to be safe when made at home.
b. Follow our simple recipe (Tea, Sugar, Kombucha SCOBY), 7-14 days , have great kombucha tea. Continue to add water, sugar and tea for a lifetime supply.
3. OMG, what is that!
a. This fermentation process produces a gelatinous mass which floats on top of the ferment and what has been referred to as a “Tea Fungus,” “Mother,” or “SCOBY” and alternatively by friends and neighbors as OMG, what is that!. This mass may be ugly or beautify. The appearance will often reveal what is happening inside your ferment, and you can tell a lot how healthy and safe your kombucha is.
Others have described these balance between the bacteria and yeast as mutually beneficial and supporting. It is not. Yeast and bacteria are antonigist . Each trying desperately to control the environment for themselves. Kombucha is the result of the delicate balance them and other resources and nemesis.
ii. Primarily an acetic acid bacteria ferment as opposed to the common yeast ferment . This is an important distinction. Common ferments such as beer, wine, apple cider and vinegar, and Lactobacillus (bacteria) or Lacto-Soda ferments such as Water Crystals, as Jun and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.356049
Retrieved Text: Extreme altitude starts at 5,500m (18,000ft), where the effective oxygen level is half that of sea level. That's the height of Kala Patthar - the highest point on the Everest Base Camp trek - and just below Kilimanjaro at 5,895m tall.
There are five big things that happen to your body at this altitude.
Studies have shown that your brain power starts to decrease slightly at around 5,000m and then decreases rapidly above 8,000m (the 'death zone'). In his book Into Thin Air, Jon Krakauer even describes not recognising team mates during his summit of Everest (8,848m).
Of course, gaining height rapidly can also lead to more serious complications such as HAPE or HACE which can be deadly if not treated. Typically the best treatment for altitude sickness is rapid descent to lower altitudes, to recover.
At high altitudes, humans can actually move faster for very short distances, as there is less air resistance and the body is typically working anaerobically.
At extreme altitudes, however, this effect is lost and the altitude has a marked impact on your ability to move fast. Climbers often describe forcing themselves to place on foot forward every 5 seconds at extreme altitude!
Your body needs more Oxygen, so the heart tries to deliver it! Of course, there are limitations to this which leads us to..
The human body really is incredible at altitude. More red blood cells are produced rapidly (particularly in the first few days of reaching a higher altitude) so that your body can receive more oxygen. This slows after the first few days but

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.353771
Retrieved Text: We are blessed in the Bay of Plenty with more sunshine than most of NZ. Those warm and sunny days will inspire you to grab your sun-block and hat – leave your worries on the doorstep and get outdoors to walk, run, cycle, or get involved in the numerous sports the bay has to offer. As the song goes, life is indeed sweet on the sunny side of the street!
What happens though when the sun does not shine and the temperatures drop? Even though it is cooler and wetter, the benefits of exercise outdoors remain the same.
Daily exercise, no matter how unappealing the great outdoors may look through the rain smeared window, will still bring a host of health benefits. Daily exercise will improve your: immunity, heart, circulation, breathing, bowels, muscles, joints, energy, brain health, memory, mood and mental health. Exercise decreases symptoms of depression, anxiety, dementia, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and most other illnesses.
The times you should not go out to exercise occur less often than you might think. Do not go if the weather is so severe it could be a danger to life and limb. Do not go if you have a high temperature, an infection, feel dizzy or feel faint.
If you do not feel energized and uplifted after a brisk short walk you may have health problems that need more attention. You may have blood sugar imbalances, or lack important nutrients such as GTF Chromium, high quality fats, iron, and B vitamins.
How long should you exercise? This depends on what you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.320074
Retrieved Text: Dementia is not one specific disease; it is a collection of symptoms that are caused by disorders affecting the brain, altering thinking, behaviour and the ability to perform everyday tasks. Most people with dementia are older (65+ years); however, it is not a normal part of ageing. In Australia, there are currently more than 353,800 people living with dementia, with 25,100 of those being Australians with Younger Onset Dementia. This dis-ease causes damage to the nerve cells in the brain and is the second leading cause of death in Australia. On average, symptoms of dementia are noticed by families at least three years before a firm diagnosis is made.
Keep your brain healthy and active!
Our brain requires high levels of nutrients and oxygen – therefore, ensuring good blood supply to and from the brain is essential. Ensure your blood vessels are healthy, diet and digestive system are in order, regular exercise (preferably outdoors to increase oxygen levels) as well as adequate sleep are essentials. A major source of energy for the brain is sugar or glucose. As the following article explains, diabetes can also affect the brain. When this happens, the receptors for sugar become diminished leading to brain starvation. Other than sugar, the brain can also function on ketones which the body makes by breaking down fats. Dr Mary Newport explored the role of coconut oil in the production of ketones to help alleviate impaired brain function. Speak to your naturopath regarding good nutrition for the brain – remember Alzheimer’s and Dementia have their origins many

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.27531
Retrieved Text: Elevated blood sugar and its acidifying effect on you.
Today I am going to do a broad sweep of three common but terrible medical conditions that affect so many people. It does not seem to matter your social status, or economic independence, or even the country you live in, but these illnesses loom in your future if you do not take charge and implement changes in your lifestyle and diet.
I'm talking about diabetes, hypertension and cancer.
In insulin-dependent diabetes, the pancreas no longer produces sufficient insulin. (Insulin is the hormone that allows sugar or glucose to be transported across the cell membrane so that it can be used by the cell as its major source of energy.) As a result, glucose levels rise in the blood after ingesting a meal. Elevated blood sugar levels can have an acidifying effect on the blood and the tissues throughout the body, since sugar is acidic.
Many treatments to reduce the stress on the pancreas include using insulin as a replacement therapy and taking nutritional supplements such as chromium, manganese, zinc, B vitamins, and digestive enzymes to facilitate glucose metabolism.
In insulin-dependent diabetes, pancreatic production of alkalinizing bicarbonate may also be impaired. In such cases, eating a less acidic, more alkaline diet that emphasizes vegetables, fruits such as papayas and melons, and whole grains (non gluten containing like wheat and rye) and legumes (beans and peas) is also highly recommended.
Hypertension, or high blood pressure, is a condition in which the blood pressure is elevated above 140/90 mm Hg. Current recommendation even have a lower

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.194826
Retrieved Text: Just over 100 years ago, Otto Heinrich Warburg presented this research on his theories: all cancer cells have the hunger for sugar as a lowest common denominator and cancer cells survive poorly when they are in an oxygen-saturated environment. In his experiments, Warburg researched why cancer cells can not obtain energy from the combustion of oxygen, but from the fermentation of sugar to lactic acid.
This research was (and still is) being heavily debated. I personally have little or no reason to doubt these findings because I have put them into practice, and this consistent application has brought on desired success.
A ketogenic diet aims to strengthen the healthy cells of the body and to starve the cancer cells at the same time. This happens because in the ketogenic diet, carbohydrate and sugar are avoided as much as possible, and fat and proteins are instead made available to the body as energy suppliers.
The reason behind this is that it is possible to detect certain gene mutations in all 230 cancer species. While healthy cells in the mitochondria gain energy through the combustion of oxygen, these mitochondria are defective in cancer cells. They cannot generate energy from the oxygen combustion, but only from the fermentation of sugar.
A healthy cell gains energy by burning the dissolved sugar in the blood with the help of oxygen in the mitochondria. If no sugar is available as fast energy, this healthy cell is also able to access other "fuels" like cellular proteins and fats in the context of cellular respiration. If sugar and

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.068075
Retrieved Text: Oxygen is the most vital element required for human life and it is the key to good health. We can survive without water for a week and go without food for a month, but we can only live a few minutes without oxygen. Oxygen is the life-giving, life-sustaining element. All body activities require oxygen. Through oxidation, the body generates heat and energy from its fuel, and disposes of wastes and microbes.
Our bodies are two-thirds water. Since the water in our bodies is itself 8/9 oxygen by weight, we are therefore composed of nearly 60% oxygen.
The best way to optimize health is to oxygenate every cell in our body. The more oxygen we have in our system, the more energy we produce, and the more efficiently we can eliminate wastes. Good health is dependent on the production, maintenance and flow of energy, which is produced by the oxidation of sugar. Oxidation is central to metabolism, circulation, respiration, digestion, assimilation and elimination. Oxygen purifies the blood, keeping it free of cellular waste buildup. Sufficient oxygen allows the body to rebuild itself and maintain the immune system. The basic requirements for each cell are sugar, amino acids, minerals, hormones, enzymes and oxygen.
The link between insufficient oxygen and disease has been firmly established. Insufficient oxygen can result in anything from mild fatigue to life-threatening disease.
Dr. Otto Warburg was awarded a Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1931 and again in 1944, the only person to win two Nobels in Medicine. He said, "Cancer has only one prime cause. The prime cause

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.03179
Retrieved Text: How Much Food Will Fit in a 5 Gallon Bucket?
With a Mylar bag liner and lid with gaskets, they are airtight for long-term storage.
We use buckets with gamma lids to store products like flour and beans that we use everyday.
This leaves about 1.5 inches of headroom in the buckets when the Mylar bag is sealed with the oxygen absorbers.
Matt sent us some pictures of the new food grade buckets from Lowe’s with gasketed lids.
Food Storage is More Important than Ever.
This entry was posted in food storage and tagged food grade buckets, Howard. Bookmark the permalink.
10 Responses to How Much Food Will Fit in a 5 Gallon Bucket?
Thank you for the intersting article. Why should one not use O2 absorbers when packing white sugar?
Oxygen does not affect the storage life of sugar.
Very interesting. I have not used 5 gallon buckets to store food so I haven’t really thought about how much of various foods a bucket would hold. I should probably get some stuff off shelves and into buckets. I also did not know that Lowe’s carries food-grade buckets. Thanks for that info.
At the LDS dry canneries, they leave the oxypacks out of the sugar. On the occasions they forget and put the oxygen absorbers in, what they find later is that the sugar is hard as a rock. Just sealing up the sugar is sufficient protection.
We have never done this but would like to start. Do you use twist ties on the mylar bags inside the buckets or just fold them over? Where do the oxygen

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.025312
Retrieved Text: Lack of sleep has been known to increase appetite due to higher levels of the stress hormone cortisol.
When you're sleep-deprived, the feeling of hunger doesn't seem to go away, which would lead to eating more and weight gain. So, naturally, you would gain weight if you have sleep apnea.
This is especially true if breathing difficulties or obstruction would cause you to have trouble sleeping or going back to sleep.
Why do you gain sleep apnea weight?
Most patients with sleep apnea are overweight or obese, although not true in all cases, for the same reason that lack of sleep can lead to unhealthy food cravings, as a result of sleepiness or daytime fatigue.
A 2004 study conducted by the Stanford University and the University of Wisconsin revealed that people who are sleep-deprived have hormonal imbalance.
Moreover, sleep deprivation can compromise insulin levels that, in turn, affect blood sugar management and production of Leptin, which is the hunger-regulating hormone.
If Leptin signals are few, higher amounts of ghrelin are produced, which is the hormone that tells the brain that it is time to eat.
Imagine how hungry you’d feel all day with all that added ghrelin signals. Suffice to say that problems with insulin levels can create a domino effect.
There is a correlation between obstructive sleep apnea and weight gain.
But there are also instances when being overweight leads to sleep apnea. Studies showed that extra tissue and fat in the neck area compress the airway and other parts of the body related to sleep apnea.
When this happens, organs and tissues would swell, leaving

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.953482
Retrieved Text: As the temperature drops, so too does your immune response to fighting the common cold virus, according to recent research from Yale University . The study indicates that rhinovirus (a common cause of the ‘cold’) thrives in cool winter nostrils, supporting the old winter round up call of “put something warm on, or you’ll end up sick.” The good news is, there are a number of ways to help boost your immunity, naturally.
Vitamin D3 is produced when your skin is exposed to UVB radiation from sunlight. In turn, Vitamin D produces hundreds of antimicrobial peptides in your body. These little warriors kill bacteria, viruses and fungi .
The best way to increase the production of Vitamin D3 is soaking up the sun’s rays directly, through your skin. According to the Cancer Council Australia, during Victorian winter months most of us need two to three hours a week where our face, arms, hands or an equivalent area of our skin is exposed to sunlight. There are many factors, including the colour of your skin and the time of the day, that affect how much sun exposure you need for optimal Vitamin D production.
On cold winter days when the sun does find its way through, find a north facing window to sit in front of. Get comfortably warm enough to remove long sleeves, so you can get maximum sun to skin exposure. Make it a regular part of your winter daily routine. Or head out for a stroll and make the most of a sunny winters day. But remember,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.868034
Retrieved Text: When are we happiest? On a sunny tropical Island or in a cold dark city? I know, stupid question, you’d opt for the hot and sunny island.
During the winter months I get many people complain to me about constipation. This could be coincidence or down to many other factors such as you exercise less because it’s cold outside or drinking all of those festive Peppermint lattes from Starbucks (too much sugar, too much milk). However another factor can be linked to the weather it’s self. During the winter months a least 12 million people across Northern Europe are affected by SAD (Seasonal affective disorder) also know as ‘winter depression’ and most commonly affects in women.
SAD occurs when you don’t get enough exposure to natural sunlight. In the UK days are shorter and nights are longer. This affects the production of Vitamin D and as a result affects hormone levels in the body specifically serotonin. Serotonin is responsible for mood, appetite, sleep and in this case motility of the bowel. Therefore if we are getting less vitamin D from sunlight, serotonin (9o% of which is produced in the gut) production is down resulting in a slow gut and one of the main symptoms is constipation.
Now, I’m not saying you have SAD you may be pretty happy day to day but lack of vitamin D could be showing by throwing your bowel habits off.
How do I increase my Vitamin D without sunlight?
So there you have it, this could be the reason for your reason bout of constipation. Stay

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.76385
Retrieved Text: What Happens to the Heart Rate After Exercise?
Why Does Your pH Level Drop When You Exercise?
Does Glycogen Increase During Exercise?
What Happens to the Intercostal Muscles in Exercise?
Why Are Proteins Used As the Last Source of Energy?
All adults in the United States are encouraged to get at least 30 minutes a day of exercise most days of the week, according to recommendations by the American Heart Association. Exercise relies on a complex set of reactions within your body to provide the work and energy needed to perform physical activity. One of the main players in this series of reactions is the lungs, especially in relation to oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Carbon dioxide output relies largely on the amount of energy your body is using. Your body constantly needs energy for basic operations such as your heart beat and digestive system, which means carbon dioxide is always being produced as well. However, as you exercise, you significantly increase the energy needs in your body as your muscles work at an accelerated and more intense pace.
To create new energy, oxygen must be present in the bloodstream. The more energy being used through exercise, the more oxygen is needed to create new energy. To meet these needs, your body initiates an increase in both your respiratory rate and your heart rate. The increased respiratory rate increases how much oxygen is inhaled into the lungs and transferred into the bloodstream. The increased heart rate speeds up how quickly oxygen can be transported to the cells for energy creation.
Once oxygen makes it to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.42526
Retrieved Text: Solar Panel Education > Solar News > How To > How Much Energy Do Solar Panels Produce?
Solar panels have a rating based on how much DC power it produces under standard test conditions, which just happens to be 1000 watts of sunlight per square meter of surface. But if you’re not at the equator at noon on a sunny day without cloud cover, your solar panels will never function ideally. The average solar panel produces about 200 watts of electricity. This varies from solar panel to solar panel based on the size and efficiency of the panel. What will actually determine the amount of energy a solar panel produces is the solar panel efficiency, solar panel size, and the amount of sunlight hitting the panel.
Shade, the direction and angle your solar panels are facing, and the surrounding temperature will affect how efficient solar panels will be. Panels placed in shaded areas will receive less sunlight and thus produce less energy. Temperatures above 77o F decrease the efficiency of a solar panel. And if you want your solar panels to absorb the most amount of sunlight, they must be placed at an angle of 10-60 degrees facing south, west, or east.
The average size of an installed solar panel system is 5kW. On a sunny day, it should produce 5000 watts of power per hour. Larger solar panel systems will absorb more sunlight and produce more power and the opposite is true for smaller solar panel systems.
The hours of sunlight an area receives varies across the U.S. with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.384007
Retrieved Text: Something strange happens on the Moon for 5 days during every lunar cycle. Its surface becomes electrically charged. Dust kicks up suddenly. It might even swirl into a light “storm” as particles electrically repel each other.
These are the 5 days when the Moon’s orbit crosses Earth’s magnetotail, the vast region of the planet’s magnetosphere that gets swept back by solar wind. Within the magnetotail is a structure called the plasma sheet, a layer with a weaker magnetic field that’s relatively thick with ions.
Now results from Japan’s Selenological and Engineering Explorer (SELENE) lunar orbiter show that during this time when the Moon passes through Earth’s plasma sheet, significant amounts of terrestrial oxygen from Earth rain down onto the Moon’s surface. This has likely been going on since oxygen became abundant in Earth’s atmosphere some 3 billion years ago.
“Our new finding suggests that the Earth-Moon system coevolves not only physically but also chemically,” said Kentaro Terada, lead author on the study and planetary scientist at Osaka University in Japan. The research, published today in Nature Astronomy, hints that someday Moon dust could help scientists study Earth’s ancient atmosphere.
Solar wind, the collective stream of highly energetic particles that hurtle from the Sun, constantly batters Earth’s magnetosphere, shaping it into its characteristic teardrop form. Behind Earth, the magnetotail extends more than 600,000 kilometers.
While Earth gets buffeted by solar wind, some particles—including hydrogen and oxygen ions stripped of electrons—escape along Earth’s magnetic field lines into the plasma sheet. For a brief period during every lunar orbit, the Moon passes through the

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.372328
Retrieved Text: There is no doubt that the amount of dissolved oxygen in the water has a major impact on fish behaviour and survival. What actually is dissolved oxygen though, where does it come from and what happens if there is insufficient available?
“Dissolved oxygen refers to the level of free, non-bonded oxygen present in water or other liquids. The red arrows indicate the free oxygen (O2) in the image below. It is an important parameter in assessing water quality because of its influence on the organisms living within a body of water. In limnology (the study of lakes), dissolved oxygen is an essential factor second only to water itself. A dissolved oxygen level that is too high or too low can harm aquatic life and affect water quality.
Dissolved oxygen is the presence of these free O2 molecules within water. The bonded oxygen molecule in water (H2O) is in a compound and does not count toward dissolved oxygen levels. One can imagine that free oxygen molecules dissolve in water in much the same way that salt or sugar does when it is stirred.
Dissolved oxygen is necessary to many forms of life including fish, invertebrates, bacteria and plants. These organisms use oxygen in respiration, similar to organisms on land. Fish and crustaceans obtain oxygen for respiration through their gills, while plant life and phytoplankton require dissolved oxygen for respiration when there is no light for photosynthesis. The amount of dissolved oxygen needed varies from creature to creature. Bottom feeders, crabs, oysters and worms need minimal amounts of oxygen (1-6 milligrams

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.364264
Retrieved Text: I heard mostly ill reviews of this buzzy treat. Mostly just the “it has 59g of sugar” comments. I suppose I shouldn’t have let that affect my opinion pre-tasting, but I braced myself none the less and boy, was that not necessary.
Just a quick disclaimer: I’m not here to tell you it’s healthy, I’m here to tell you it’s delicious.
It’s kind of like drinking a sour patch kid, in reverse. It starts off sweet, delicious and amazing but the topping on the whipped cream?
All was merry until I hit the whip, but thankfully I was warned by a coworker right before I finished my delicious treat that this would be the case, so I enjoyed the drink and the topping separately (read: I enjoyed the drink and disposed of the topping).
Want to take it s step further? A tall frapp cuts the damage down by a significant amount more and honestly, the beverage is pretty sweet as is, something tells me you’ll still get your sugar fix with 4oz less.
This option will bring you down almost a whopping 220 calories and 22g less of sugar; that is 38% less sugar than the original 59g count (it’s still not healthy to have on the reg, but it’s far better than the alternatives if you want to give this delicious drink a try – and I still believe you should, #treatyoself).
The only thing swirling this drink will do is mix “sour birthday cake” (a good description provided by my coworker) with a delicious, fruity treat.
Skip the whip and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.34456
Retrieved Text: Aim: Various metal oxides will be added to the hydrogen peroxide and the production of oxygen of the reaction mixture will determine catalysis. The volume of oxygen evolved will be observed and recorded to measure the reaction rate and the reaction rates of the different metal oxides will be compared.Scientific Background: Catalysis is the process by which the activation energy is lowered to allow the reaction to occur at less extreme conditions, during the process the catalyst does not under go any overall change. The catalyst reduces the activation energy by using a chemical route with activation energy less then the route, which would otherwise be taken in the absence of the catalyst. During catalysis the reacting substance usually undergoes a change or changes in oxidation state, therefore the catalyst must also be able to change its oxidation state. The s & p block metals possess or exhibit only one oxidation state. The reason being that their oxidation state depends on the removal of electrons from their outermost shell.The further removal of electrons will result in the penetration of stable inner shells that are filled with electrons. This would require an excessive amount of energy. As a result of this, the catalysts are not able to enter their different oxidation states and this therefore does not allow them to successfully act like a catalyst. Transition metals can form ions, which have D orbitals, which are partially filled with electrons. D orbitals are the outer most shells and they can hold up to 10 electrons and they

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.281672
Retrieved Text: Ponds with less then one foot of Secchi depth are candidates for lethally low levels of dissolved oxygen levels A Secchi depth of less then three feet suggests a need to reduce nutrient levels in the pond … how to get the most money from a car accident Oxygen is an important part of keeping pond water healthy for your fish, it occurs naturally in the water but can be quickly removed and this can be devastating to aquatic life. One thing that most often depletes pond oxygen levels is heat, especially on a hot sunny day, if oxygen levels are low you'll notice your fish gasping at the surface.
Oxygen is an important part of keeping pond water healthy for your fish, it occurs naturally in the water but can be quickly removed and this can be devastating to aquatic life. One thing that most often depletes pond oxygen levels is heat, especially on a hot sunny day, if oxygen levels are low you'll notice your fish gasping at the surface.
You can quickly measure the saturation level of your own pond by using the table below and substituting your pond's temperature and oxygen readings. The closer your saturation figure is to 100%, the better your system is performing.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.228415
Retrieved Text: How Can Gastric Bypass Surgery Affect Diabetes?
Millions of people suffer from type-2 diabetes, the most common form of the condition. Unfortunately, type-2 diabetes is also one of the most common comorbid conditions associated with severe obesity. The good news is: weight loss surgery can significantly reduce obesity-related health conditions such as type-2 diabetes, gastroesophageal reflux disease, high blood pressure, sleep apnea, and others. When it comes to type-2 diabetes, one bariatric surgery option in particular has shown to virtually eliminate the disease in a large majority of patients: the Roux-en-Y gastric bypass procedure.
Gastric bypass surgery is one of the most popular weight loss surgery treatments available, and has helped individuals the world over successfully lose large amounts of weight and start living healthier, happier lives. This procedure is known to result in a dramatic reduction of type-2 diabetes. In fact, gastric bypass surgery has been shown to produce total remission of the condition in at least 80 percent of patients.
Recent research into gastric bypass surgery’s effect on diabetes may shed some light on how blood sugar levels seem to quickly go back to normal for many patients after the procedure. Gastric bypass surgery involves reshaping the stomach and re-routing the intestines to help patients feel full after eating less food. This also limits the body’s absorption of calories and nutrients. The research indicated that a molecule that helps the utilization of glucose in the body (which can decrease blood sugar levels) may be produced by the small intestine after it has been attached to the stomach

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.214472
Retrieved Text: Ozone oxidises combined chlorine and bromine, freeing them to be continuously re-used. Therefore the use – and cost – of chemicals is greatly reduced.
Ozone destroys algae, viruses and bacteria on contact – with no harmful by-products. It also breaks down harmful chemicals and acts as a flocculent, causing Total Dissolved Solids to be suspended and easily removed by the water filtration process.
Ozone gas is basically an active form of oxygen that reacts with bacteria, viruses, algae, and other impurities in the water. At its low concentration levels in the water it has no effect on your skin and eyes.
Many municipal water purification plants use ozone to treat drinking water.
When the ozone gas dissolved in water comes in contact with impurities it oxidizes them as chlorine chemicals do. It also causes particles, body oils, and suntan oils, etc. to clump so the filter can remove them more effectively.
Most ozone purifiers for pools and spas use only about 0.5 amperes when they are running. This is about the same amount of electricity a 60 watt light bulb uses. Since the ozone generator unit only runs when the filter pump is operating the total amount of electricity used is not great.
The ozone kit is installed in the existing pool or spa filtration plumbing. There are several basic designs of ozone generators but they all inject the ozone gas into the pool water through a small tube.
The concentration of ozone gas is strongest at the point of entry for effective purification. An ozone system is not actually "no-chemicals" because you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.193672
Retrieved Text: Posted in Cover Crop Blend, Forage Radish, Hairy Vetch, Lupin, Uncategorized, Winter Rye.
This weekend, a total of 4 hours was spent measuring the height of the corn in all 24 plots and another 6 hours harvesting, shucking, weighing and measuring the sugar content of 7 of the plots.
Variety in Corn Size and Quality.
The Brix is an optical tool used to measure the percentage of sugar in a liquid. Hence, squeezing the juice out onto the cover.
Posted in Corn, Experimental Design.
The field season is wrapping up. This week soil samples and penetrometer readings were taken at Adam’s Berry Farm. A penetrometer measures resistance as it is pushed down. It is used to indicate levels of compaction in the soil. Without doing a statistical analysis, at first glance the numbers trend towards higher levels of compaction in areas with forage radish. Take my query with a grain of salt, perhaps the penetrometer is reading increased compaction in the forage radish plots because the large diameter of the root is pushing soil horizontally and thus causing compaction. A plethora of research has shown that forage radish can increase infiltration after decomposition. However, in the interim it may cause a loss of micro and macro pores in the soil and increase compaction.
There are six plots. The farthest three are difficult to see in this picture. The bright green on the right is forage radish, the middle darker green is winter rye, and the bright green is a mix of rye, vetch, forage radish, and lupine.
Adam’s Berry Farm, October 3, 2013.
The

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.017345
Retrieved Text: 1 1. What part of the world and time of year does the maple sugar industry function and why?
2 2. Explain how sweet sap is made by the Maple tree and how it is stored over the winter.
3 3. Identify the Sugar Maple tree by its bark and leaf.
4 4. How deep into a Maple tree does one drill for best results?
5 5. How long does it take for a healthy Maple tree tap's hole to heal?
6 6. How close to an old tap hole can a new tap hole be made?
7 7. How many taps can be made on a healthy Maple tree without injuring it?
8 8. Tell how maple sugar is made from maple syrup.
9 9. What is the ideal weather for sap to flow?
10 10. Does a Maple tree crown (limb & leaf area) affect the sap flow and sweetness?
11 11. On an average, how much sap is needed to produce one gallon of syrup?
12 12. Taste pure maple syrup or maple sugar.
1. What part of the world and time of year does the maple sugar industry function and why?
Northeastern United States and eastern Canada. This is where the maple trees that produce sugar grow and where the weather gets cold enough to produce a good flow of sap when there are warm days with the temperature above freezing and nights with the temperature below. This occurs most often in winter and early spring.
2. Explain how sweet sap is made by the Maple tree and how it is stored over the winter.
Each fall

================



======= Instance Index 40 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Adult mushrooms produce spores
- Release them into the air by process of sporulation
- Spores are carried by the wind
- Land in a hospitable growing environment
- The spores germinate into the soil
- The mushroom starts growing
- The adult mushroom produce spores of its own to repeat the process.

Question:
suppose less pollution in the environment happens, how will it affect more spores germinate in soil.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 37.836006
Retrieved Text: Germination occurs when a spore or seed starts to grow. It is a term used in botany. When a spore or seed germinates, it produces a shoot or seedling, or (in the case of fungi) a hypha. The biology of spores is different from seeds.
A spore germinates if and when conditions are right. It has a very limited lifespan. The method of spore-bearers, which are lower plants such as mosses, ferns and also fungi, is to produce vast numbers of spores, of which only a small percentage germinate.
Seeds do not germinate until their requirements are met, and these needs differ from species to species.
The dormancy period must be over. Dormancy is governed by changes inside the seed. Each species has its own dormancy period, and will not germinate until that period is over.
Their hibernation must be over. The hibernation is ended when events in the environment trigger germination. Sometimes this is just temperature and water, sometimes fire, sometimes the seed must go through a long cold spell.
The requirements for fruits is the same as for seeds. A fruit is just a seed with one or more extra layers derived from parts of the flower.
Germination is usually the growth of a plant contained within a seed; it results in the formation of the seedling, it is also the process of reactivation of metabolic machinery of the seed resulting in the emergence of radicle and plumule. The seed of a vascular plant is a small package produced in a fruit or cone after the union of male and

########
Rank: 1
Score: 37.210487
Retrieved Text: Powdery scab was first found in Germany in 1841 and spread through-out Europe by 1855. It was found in South America in 1891 and has been recognized across North America since 1911-1913. The pathogen is widespread and occurs in most potato-producing areas of the world.
The appearance of the disease is variable from year to year, being dependent upon a conducive environment. Until recently, the disease has been considered rare and unimportant. However, it has become a concern for potato producers in Maine.
Powdery scab is caused by the pathogen Spongospora subterranea f. sp. subterranea. This pathogen is a member of the family Plasmodiophoridae, which has recently been shifted from the Fungi to the Protozoa kingdom. The pathogen has a resistant resting stage that enables it to survive in soil for many years. This pathogen is similar to the pathogen that causes club root of cabbage, broccoli and other crucifers.
In the presence of roots of susceptible plants, the thick-walled, persistent resting spores germinate and produce primary swimming zoospores. These primary swimming zoospores can penetrate the root hairs and stolon epidermal cells, as well as the lenticels, eyes and wounds of developing tubers. Under conditions favorable to the disease, galls may appear on the roots three weeks after infection. Pathogen growth and development continues in the primary infection site.
Eventually, secondary swimming zoospores can be released and then infect roots, stolons or tubers. Typically, these secondary zoospores infect developing tubers. These tuber infections develop into powdery scab lesions on tubers. Eventually spore balls develop in these lesions. The spore balls

########
Rank: 2
Score: 35.298943
Retrieved Text: Pansies add charm and beauty to any flower garden.
2 How Long Is the Pansy Germination Process?
Pansy flowers come in a wide variety of color combinations, from the solid yellow or blue pansies with black pencil lines pointing out from the center to a combination of two to three bright colors with a dark center called a face. Pansies grown in U.S. Department of Agriculture hardiness zone 10 will bloom in the spring, fall and winter months. Pansies take two weeks to germinate and 15 weeks to sprout and bloom.
Start germinating your pansy seeds 12 weeks before the last frost. Moisten a paper towel and set it out on a work space. Place the pansy seeds in the moistened paper towel. Gently fold the paper towel to cover the seeds. Set the towel in a plastic resealable bag. Place the bag in the refrigerator and keep it refrigerated for 14 to 20 days. Pansy seeds germinate best in cool, dark, moist environments. Check the paper towel daily and moisten as necessary with a fine mist of water from a spray bottle. Do not allow the seeds to dry out or they will not germinate for you. If kept wet and cool, the pansy seeds will start to germinate within two weeks.
Fill the seeding pots with potting soil. Generously water the soil.
Plant the pansy seeds in the seeding pots. Place them 1/8 inch down into the soil and space them 1/2 inch to 1 inch away from each other.
Store the seeding pots in a room that has an

########
Rank: 3
Score: 34.54549
Retrieved Text: There are many types of pollution, namely air, water and noise. Pollution in our environment will undoubtedly affect our quality of life. Our naturally beautiful world becoming ugly because it is suffering from the effects of environmental pollution.
Pollution can also cause various health problems and other negative effects. For instance, the pollution essay may concentrate on the various types of pollution, like sound pollution (noise pollution), water pollution, air pollution, soil pollution etc.
Each paragraph of the essay will describe the separate type of the environmental pollution. Pollution has harmful effects on the environment. Since we are the inhabitants of the earth, each of us has to contribute to the prevention of pollution [general discussion. We should accept personal responsibility and participate actively in making the environment, pollution free [thesis statement. Apart from that, use an energyconserving grade motor oil and keep tyres properly inflated and aligned can help reduce air pollution.
Less vehicles on the road can reduce pollution. This means better health for us and the environment. Thirdly, steps to prevent water pollution include minimising the usage of pesticides. Essay on the Prevention and Control of Pollution. Cronin (1971) has listed various measures that can be adopted for preventing marine pollution, but the basic principles seem equally applicable to other kinds of pollution.
Kinds and Sources of Water Pollution Essay For Kids; Water Pollution Control Ord. (Repealed) 273 The East Pakistan Water Pollution Control Ordinance, 1970 East Pakistan Ord. No. V of 1970 [Published in Dacca Gazette, Extraordinary, dated 23 rd February, 1970 [Repealed by Ord. XIII

########
Rank: 4
Score: 34.224182
Retrieved Text: Botrytis is a genus that is classified as an anamorphic fungi and belongs to the family Sclerotiniaceae. The fungus has been shown to infect and affect a wide range of plants in various climates across the world making the group an important point of focus in agricultural systems.
While the genus consists of a number of well known plant parasites, some of the Botrytis species have been shown to live as saprophytes in various environments around the world.
Botrytis fungi exist in the environment as parasites or as saprophytes. Since they can infect a wide variety of plants, these organisms can be found in an array of environments across the world.
To grow and develop successfully, they require cool and moist environments. As such, they can be found in virtually all environments with conditions infecting a variety of plants.
On well, saprophytic Botrytis fungi can be found on farms, in forests and other such environments where they live and obtain their nutrition from dead and decaying matter.
In favorable environmental conditions, the spores of Botrytis fungi can survive and germinate to continue with the life cycle when conditions improve.
* Botrytis fungi produce different types of spores. Whereas some of these spores have a protective cover that allows them to survive during extreme conditions for extended periods of time (winter, lack of nutrition etc.) others can only survive for a limited period of time (from a few weeks to about 3 months).
Adaptability refers to the ability of an organism to adapt/adjust to different conditions around them.
According to a number of studies, Botrytis

########
Rank: 5
Score: 34.19904
Retrieved Text: Powdery mildew on tomatoes attacks a plant’s foliage and stems.
It’s more common in commercial tomato fields and greenhouses than in the home garden. But regardless of where it attacks, the fungus weakens plants and reduces productivity wherever it thrives.
Three types of powdery mildew fungus plague tomatoes: Oidium neolycopersici, Erysiphe orontii, and Leveillula taurica. Fungi are spread by airborne spores, transported by wind or pests, which land on leaves and germinate.
Powdery mildew needs living plant tissue in order to grow, but the fungi do not directly “kill” the tomato plants. Rather, they feed on the tomato plant’s cells. Yellowed (then brown) leaves remain, accompanied by white powdery growth. This “powdery mildew” (from which the disease gets its name) grows as thin layers on tomato leaf surfaces.
Three factors make tomato plants succumb to powdery mildew: environment (humidity or wet leaves), onset date (the earlier in the season, the more difficult controlling mildew), and treatment (the sooner, the better).
What does powdery mildew on tomatoes look like?
At least two sets of symptoms appear on tomatoes.
Yellow patches on lower leaves eventually turn brown.
White, powdery spots appear on leaf surfaces, spreading to cover leaves and even stems.
In both cases, leaves of the affected plant eventually die and fall off, leaving fruit exposed to sunscald.
Affected tomato plants produce fewer and smaller tomatoes. The fruit that manages to survive has less flavor than healthy fruit.
When does powdery mildew on tomatoes affect plants?
How do you control and treat powdery mildew on tomatoes?
The best control measure for the disease is prevention (see below).
How to treat before

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.097866
Retrieved Text: Beauveria bassiana is a fungus that grows naturally in soils throughout the world and acts as a parasite on various arthropod species, causing white muscardine disease; it thus belongs to the entomopathogenic fungi. It is being used as a biological insecticide to control a number of pests such. Beauveria bassiana is an entomopathogenic fungi that causes white As with any insecticide, follow all safety precautions on the label when using B. bassiana . BroadBand® – a fungal contact insecticide for the effective reduction of target Beauveria bassiana strain PPRI (Minimum 4e9 Viable spores per millilitre).
Once inside the body of the insect, the fungus continues to grow, feeding on the internal organs. GO, km 12, Zona Rural, St. When the microscopic spores of the fungus come into contact with the body of an insect host, they germinate, penetrate the cuticleand grow inside, killing the insect beauvveria a matter of days.
For this reason, we advise you to apply this product in the late afternoon or evening. South Africa English African. Retrieved 3 February Afterwards, a white mold emerges from the cadaver and produces new spores. If water volumes exceeds litre water, use ml BroadBand per ha. Future research on improving fermentation and formulation technologies coupled with the selection of multi-stress tolerant and virulent strains is needed to catalyze the widespread acceptance and usefulness of this fungus as a cost-effective mycoinsecticide.
Is a unique water miscible EC formulation. Archived from the original on 13 December Beauveria bassiana Grasshoppers killed by B. BroadBand contains fungal spores it is therefore not advisable

########
Rank: 7
Score: 33.99042
Retrieved Text: Takeaway: Dr. Bob Linderman talks about evaluating mycorrhizal products, inoculating plants and cultural practices that enhance the formation of mycorrhizae.
Greetings again, plant people. Dr. Bob Linderman here, a retired research plant pathologist with a 50-year career focused on ornamental and nursery crop diseases and emphasizing the epidemiology and control of soil-borne, root-infecting, fungal plant pathogens, and the biology and application of beneficial microorganisms, especially mycorrhizal fungi and antagonistic rhizobacteria.
In a previous article, I described what mycorrhizae is—the symbiotic relationship between specialized soil fungi and the roots of plants—and how this relationship benefits the growth and health of plants. Given that these relationships have been helping plants grow for some 460 million years, they definitely have proven their worth. An important point to remember is that there are three main types of mycorrhizal fungi and each type forms with different plant groups. The largest group, the endomycorrhizal fungi, form an association with many different plants, including most crop plants.
The second group, the ectomycorrhizal fungi, colonize roots of pines, firs, oaks, eucalyptus, hazelnut and birch. The last group, ericoid mycorrhizal fungi, associate only with ericaceous plants like rhododendron, blueberry, azalea, etc. And don't forget that some plants simply don't form mycorrhizae, so don't bother to inoculate cabbage, broccoli, beets, turnips, radishes and carnations.
The most important part of the last article was to describe the benefits that mycorrhizal fungi give to their host plant partner: improved root development, improved transplant success, increased yield and quality, greater tolerance to plant diseases, improved soil structure due to aggregation, improved fertilizer-use efficiency,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.986183
Retrieved Text: Showing results for tags 'sphagnum'.
Using pure sphagnum to grow sarrs.?
Hi there, Was wonsering about using just sphagnum moss with no other ingredient in the soil (no sand or perlite etc etc) to grow the sarracenia. Have seen people posting previously about how their sand or perlite has has made their soil anoxic so was hoping to avoid that with a pure sphagnum moss soil. Thankyou.
Hello everyone, last spring I had my first sporophytes on Sphagnum. They appeared on Sphagnum fimbriatum, a monoicous species. This means a single plant can produce both male and female reproductive cells (Both eggs and sperm cells). In order to have sporophytes on the dioicous Sphagnum species, you will need both a female and a male clone, but not for this S. fimbriatum. I decided to do a little experiment and grow Sphagnum from spores. While looking in the literature I read this article: 'Habitat requirements for establishment of Sphagnum from spores' (Sundberg et al., 2002). The authors found out that Sphagnum spore germination is limited by nutrients (phosphate). This means that Sphagnum spores germinate on places where there are more nutrients then where adult Sphagnum plants occur (usually nutrient-poor soils). I decided to do the experiment in three different setups. 3 small containers with blonde peat that has been cooked to kill all spores present. In one I added fertilzer but no spores, in the other I added spores of S. fimbriatum but no fertiliser and in the last one, both spores and fertilser (really low amount) was added. The experiment

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.581295
Retrieved Text: The causal agent of clubroot is Plasmodiophora brassicae Woronin. There are normally several different races or pathotypes present in established infestations. Plasmodiophora brassicae is an obligate parasite, which means the pathogen cannot grow and multiply without a living host. Although there are no airborne spores released by this pathogen, the resting spores are capable of moving with infested soil transported by wind or water erosion and field machinery. Warm soil (20-24°C), high soil moisture, and acid soil (pH less than 6.5) are environmental factors that favour infection and severe disease development. Unfortunately, these conditions exist in a significant portion of the traditional canola growing areas of Alberta. High soil moisture areas of the field typically have the most severe infestations.
Appearance: Clubroot galls are a nutrient sink, so they tie up nutrients, and severely infected roots of canola cannot transport sufficient water and nutrients for above ground plant parts. Symptoms will vary depending on the growth stage of the crop when infection occurs. Early infection at the seedling stage can result in wilting, stunting, and yellowing of canola plants in the late rosette to early podding stage. Such symptoms may be wrongly attributed to heat stress during periods with high temperatures or to other diseases such as blackleg or Fusarium wilt. In such cases, proper diagnosis includes digging up wilted plants to check for gall formation on roots. Infection that occurs at later stages may not show plant wilting, stunting, or yellowing. However, infected plants will ripen prematurely, and seeds will shrivel. Thus, yield and quality (oil

########
Rank: 10
Score: 32.91894
Retrieved Text: Better than straw, cheaper than sod, and the fastest way to STOP sheet erosion.
Hydroseeding or hydromulching (same-same) is a process where mulch is mixed with seed, fertilizer, tacktifier (glue) and soil amendments to create a slurry that is sprayed onto bare soil. This process enables seeds to rapidly germinate and grow while the mulch keeps the soil and seed in place (limiting erosion and increasing seedling survival). The largest benefits of hydroseeding are limiting erosion, followed closely by increasing seed germination and accelerated germination. While these #'s may not be "scientific", my guess is that you get about 40-50% more seeds to germinate with hydroseeding than you get with hand seeding or using blown straw mulch, and germination at a faster time line.
An application where we apply a slurry mix to meet the customers requirements. The requirement may be as simple as a seed mix applied uniformly across the job site, to establishing as seed bed on a cliff.
Erosion can be expensive. What was, in years past, a minor concern have now become a potential job stop work order. NCDENR and the EPA are now implementing the new EPA Water Quality standards, which affect most builders. Any site the disturbs more than 1 acre (43560 sf) has higher permitting and performance requirements.
Compacted soil will restrict the ability for roots or water to penetrate in the soil for your turf. This problem is very difficult to rectify after seeding or sodding and will take years (multiple) to rectify. The cheapest, best, and fastest way to address compacted

########
Rank: 11
Score: 32.593735
Retrieved Text: Propagation of ferns can be done easily using the spores. You can preserve and grow a wide variety of ferns using fern spores at home. You need to get, know how to acquire the spores or harvest the spores and how to grow them in appropriate medium and how to take care of the young plants to start growing ferns. Spores are produced and easily found on the underside of the fronds of the fern in clusters called sori. The spores of different varieties of ferns may differ in colour. Some are brown, black and yellow or green in colour. Sori are protected by a membrane called indusium till they are ripe.
Like always it is the mature ferns that do produce the spores, this applies to all types of ferns, bird’s nest, maidenhair or the boston fern plants. You can get the spores from ferns collected from the wild or from your own existing ferns in your garden or from the Australian world wide web. If you are collecting spores from your own plants, you can use a hand lens to identify the matured sori. To collect the spores from fronds, keep the frond or part of the frond in between two sheets of white paper. The ripe spores will drop to the paper within 24 hours leaving a pattern on the paper. The chaff can be removed by tilting the paper slightly and tapping it gently. Good spores will remain on the paper and chaff will fall off. If you want to store the spores,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.533447
Retrieved Text: Don’t go away baked potatoes within the foil they had been baked in, particularly at room temperature.
Potatoes can harbor Clostridium botulinum, a bacterium naturally present in soil that causes botulism.
Although cooking kills the micro organism, their spores—which produce a lethal toxin—can survive, germinate and multiply within the oxygen-poor atmosphere throughout the foil.
Scrub potatoes earlier than cooking. Serve them immediately, and retailer leftovers instantly, unwrapped, within the fridge.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.466896
Retrieved Text: In the case of conventional gardening, it is common to use to chemicals and pesticides to avoid any of the pests affecting the crops. On the other hand, who is to consume the food corps? It is humans, so where will all the chemicals and pesticides go or effect? It is obviously human. Besides these, they also affect the environment and nature as well. So, to avoid these issues one common solution can be organic farming and there are certain benefits of organic farming towards the environment.
Organic farming is all about performing in particular cycles and following certain orders. When you use the crop, not all the time the parts of it may be used. Certain parts will be left as waste and where will they finally go? For human it may be waste, but it is not in case of soil. The soil is the right manure and enhances the growth of plants. In case, none of the waste is really considered as waste and they will be dumped. Using them as manure can reduce the requirements of fertilizer and also dumping of wastes can be reduced.
One key reason to use pesticides is to control the weeds, to overcome them there are also certain other ways that you may practice. Using mulch can be the best option. When you use the mulch (a layer or a thick blanket that can be useful to protect the soil), this can protect the soil from erosion, from weeds, etc. when the soil is saved from erosion it helps

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.27756
Retrieved Text: 1. Is the clubroot pathogen present? (Yes/No test) This could be done with just one composite sample per field. Take samples (scoops) from higher-risk areas, such as field entrances, low spots or a water run that may bring resting spores into the field. For more refined results, send individual samples from each ‘hot spot’ to better understand the distribution of the pathogen within a field.
Farmers can use a ‘yes’ result to confirm that they should grow clubroot-resistant (CR) varieties. The general recommendation is to use CR varieties as soon as clubroot is found in the area (which are now most areas of the Prairies). A ‘yes’ result should also encourage heightened biosecurity and sanitation measures to keep clubroot from spreading within that field and to other fields.
Experience has shown that a positive result may not immediately lead to noticeable levels of clubroot. Resting spore levels could be too low for infection to be visible. Environmental conditions may not be conducive. Spores may not be viable. But soil tests can complement plant scouting practices for early detection of clubroot.
As a winter project, farmers could save the buckets of sampled soil and use it to grow canola plants to see if they produce galls. Remember, clubroot prefers moist and warm soil so keep the soil wet, but not saturated, and in a warm environment.
2. What is the resting spore count per gram of soil? (Quantitative test) In addition to the yes/no test, labs can also measure the amount of resting spores per gram of soil. Sample to a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.194263
Retrieved Text: All the pea and bean family, Broad Beans, Runner Beans, Peas and French Beans are an easy and rewarding crop to grow. These are great vegetables to get children interested in gardening, because they shoot up quickly, they are trouble free and fun to pick. Also, if you want to try germinating your own plants from seed, Runner beans, French Beans and Broad beans are a good place to start as they are easy to germinate and are economical to grow from seed. Each of these beans are different in terms of growing conditions, how they climb, their hardiness and they each have different growing requirements. Even so all are easy to germinate from seed so a good veg to start with if you have not germinated plants before. Broadly speaking the toughest and hardiest are the broad beans, then runners beans, Peas, and French beans need the most warmth and sun to crop well. All beans germinate quickly in the right conditions the beans will emerge within 5-7 days of sowing.
All beans like a long root run and are best germinated in either into specially purchased root trainers, image left, or cheaper, toilet roll holders.
Sow in the order you will plant out: Broad beans, Peas, Runner beans and then French beans.
If you do not have space to germinate and grow on the young plants under glass/insider, you can sow directly into the veg plot in May or buy small plants from the garden centres. If you sow directly into the plot, beware of mice who

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.04233
Retrieved Text: (Greek myxa-, slime) a group of Gram-negative (see GRAM'S STAIN), AEROBIC, gliding BACTERIA, within the PURPLE BACTERIA, that characteristically form fruiting bodies. The bacteria move by gliding and leave a trail of slime. Bacterial CELLS aggregate, many undergo LYSIS, the remainder become resting SPORES (myxospores) contained within a stalked fruiting body. Myxospores can subsequently germinate to produce new vegetative cells. Myxobacteria occur in the SOIL and on decaying vegetation and dung.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 32.041374
Retrieved Text: How Do I Clean Mold in My Basement?
Mold spores are opportunists, always looking for a nice damp place to cling to. In basements and crawl spaces, excess moisture creates welcoming habitats for mold, which can spread quickly and become difficult to remove. So as soon as you spot mold in the basement or crawl space, set aside a time to remove it.
While bleach is the go-to cleaner for disinfecting surfaces, it releases fumes that can cause all kinds of unpleasant symptoms, such as headaches, sinus irritation and a burning sensation in the lungs. It’s best to start off using a gentler cleaner and use bleach only if other options dont work.
A mixture of borax detergent, water and vinegar should take care of light basement mold. Mix these items together, using approximately one-fourth cup vinegar for every two cups of borax and water, and allow the borax to dissolve. Wearing rubber gloves and a respirator or dust mask, spray the solution on mold and allow it to sit. You may need to apply it several times, scrubbing it to break down the mold.
The EPA is home to informative mold removal tips that can help make the job less of a headache.
Sometimes, mold may be growing where you can’t see it – like behind wood paneling or above a drop ceiling – and, once discovered, it can be nearly impossible to remove. If you have widespread mold growth in your basement or crawl space, call a mold remediation specialist. If you try to remove it yourself, you could

########
Rank: 18
Score: 32.03702
Retrieved Text: In an effort to combat bioterrorism, scientists in South Korea have trained artificial intelligence to speedily spot anthrax. The new technique is not 100 percent accurate yet, but it’s orders of magnitude faster than our current testing methods. And it could revolutionize how we screen mysterious white powders for the deadly bioweapon.
Researchers at the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology combined a detailed imaging technique called holographic microscopy with artificial intelligence. The algorithm they created can analyze images of bacterial spores to identify whether they’re anthrax in less than a second. It’s accurate about 96 percent of the time, according to a paper published last week in the journal Science Advances.
Anthrax is an infection caused by the bacteria Bacillus anthracis, which lives in soil. (Both the infection and the bacteria are often referred to as anthrax.) People can accidentally get anthrax infections when they handle the skin or meat of infected animals. But anthrax can also be a dangerous bioweapon: in 2001, anthrax spores sent in the mail infected 22 people and killed five of them.
Once the spores enter the body, they germinate and multiply, causing a flu-like illness that poisons the blood. At least 85 percent of people infected by inhaling the spores die if left untreated, sometimes within just one to two days after symptoms appear. (Anthrax infections of the skin, by contrast, tend to be less fatal.) For people especially at risk of contracting anthrax, like lab workers or people who work with animal hair, there’s a vaccine. For the rest of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 32.01014
Retrieved Text: Rose bushes need between 1 to 2 inches of water a week.
Knowing how and when to water rose bushes is important, as water drives a plant's growth and the development of flowers. A lack of water, particularly during times of rapid growth, will weaken a plant and make it more susceptible to disease and insect damage. When using an irrigation system to water rose bushes, knowing how much water and when to apply it can make all the difference.
Generally speaking, rose bushes need about an inch or two of water per week during the growing season. The hotter it is, the sandier the soil and the more sun the bushes get, the more water they will need. If Mother Nature doesn't provide adequate slow and steady rainfall periodically, then you will have to. Brief spells of heavy downpours will not be sufficient as the soil cannot adequately retain that much water.
The best method of providing water to your rose bushes is one that allows you to water the bushes deeply and infrequently, generally once or twice a week, depending on the weather. If you water your roses often and with less water, you discourage proper growth. Deep and infrequent watering encourages roots to grow deeper in search of water, while shallow, frequent watering keeps feeder roots concentrated in the first few inches of soil, where they quickly dry out.
If you only have a few bushes in a small garden, watering by hand with a hose works well provided you water deeply and infrequently. If you have

########
Rank: 20
Score: 32.006927
Retrieved Text: Dec. 5 was World Soil Day, and this year’s theme was “Soil Pollution, a Hidden Reality.” Most of us never think about the soil under our feet, but in reality, soil is essential to our daily lives. It provides the support for our homes and roads, holds water for plants, animals, and humans to drink, grows trees that provide us with oxygen, food and lumber – I could go on and on.
The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations defines soil pollution as the presence in the soil of a chemical or substance out of place and/or present at a higher than normal concentration that has adverse effects on any nontargeted organism. Soil pollution, like water pollution, can be a hidden danger because it can often be difficult to perceive but have significant consequences to our well-being. While it might be easy to blame corporations for soil pollution, awareness of our own activities and their ramifications is key to keeping soil healthy. As the Tanzanian proverb says, “Little by little, a little becomes a lot.” Here are some little ways you can contribute to healthier soil.
• What happens above ground affects what happens underground. Home sewage treatment systems rely on soil to function. Protect your system by not planting trees on it or driving over it and by directing excess surface water away from the site. Septic tanks and aeration tanks fill up. To keep your system, your family, and your soil and water healthy, your tank should be pumped every three to five years.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.81091
Retrieved Text: Susceptible host plants Canola and other brassicas Canola and other brassicas, including some common weeds. Broadleaf crops, including canola, soybeans, sunflower, pulses.
Key distinguishing features Lesions with specks of picnidia inside form on leaves. Infection spreads to the base of the stem, where it forms cankers. Clipping open stems will reveal blackened tissue inside. Moderate cases will cause yield loss, even if the plant doesn’t die. Severe cases will completely blacken the stem, cutting off all flow of nutrients and killing the plant. Galls form on roots. In serious cases, large tuberous galls will restrict flow of nutrients and water up and down the plant, killing the plant. Lesions form on leaves and stems. Eventually the stems rot, then turn white and brittle. Plants die prematurely and seed set is greatly reduced. Black sclerotia form inside (and sometimes outside) damaged stems.
How it spreads Pseudothecia and pycnidia on infected canola residue release spores that continue the infection cycle. Pycnidiospores from pycnidia travel only a few metres. Smaller ascospores, shot into the air by pseudothecia, can travel farther. Spores move with the soil. When soil moves, clubroot moves. Soil moving through fields and from field to field on machinery is the most common vector for spread of the disease. Spores infect host roots, continuing the cycle. Sclerotia produce apothecia that release spores. Spores can carry for kilometres on the wind, but most will come from within fields or from connecting fields. When release coincides with canola flowering and moist/humid conditions, infection can occur.
Benefit of crop rotation 2- or 3-year

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.761604
Retrieved Text: Now called the Seed Stitcher, the former Grass Stitcher Lawn Repair Tool you can inexpensively repair bare spots to your lawn quickly and easily. Seed Stitcher is the first and only hand tool for fast, effective lawn repairs.
This sturdy tool delivers a return on your investment every time you use it. Your only other expense is seed and starter fertilizer. This makes the Seed Stitcher Lawn Repair much less expensive than any other method.
Currently only the single seed stitcher tool is available.
Plant alternative ground covers or wildflowers from seed in no time. Just stitch, seed and sprinkle!
One for hard ground, one for soft lets you get the job done anywhere.
1. Perforate the troubled spot directly through the dead grass with the Seed Stitcher, leaving the dead grass in place. Then you spread seed over the perforations and water.
2. Apply downward pressure to the wheels using either body weight with the horizontal handle or the footpad while rocking the wheel back and forth over the damaged lawn area. Make sure not to extend the Grass Stitcher too far out in front of you as this will make it difficult to use and decrease critical planting depth. Use small concise strokes back and forth no more than 12 inches per stroke for best results.
3. If the soil is hard, slide up the horizontal handle and use the footpad to apply pressure while rocking the wheels back and forth with your leg.
4. If the soil is soft, slide down the horizontal handle applying body weight to the horizontal handle

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.724146
Retrieved Text: We cannot miss the ‘fire play’ among the list of the pleasures of camping. Romantic is the landscape in which the mood of your campfire wraps around your atmosphere indeed. But you need to pay attention. Did you know that campfire’ that puts the fire on the ground is the main cause of environmental destruction? This is because the spores of bacteria killing the trees are usually grounded and dormant in the soil will emerge into a surface and germinate if a campfire or cooking cause the ground temperature to rise to 40 ~ 60 ℃.
So this should be avoided and thus you need to use the brazier and grill.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.714111
Retrieved Text: This has more or less the same characteristics as the common sycamore described above but with leaves that are deep green on the top surface and reddish purple on the back. In Autumn these turn to a orange/red before falling.
Sycamore is native to central Europe and south western Asia, from France east to Ukraine, and south in mountains to northern Spain, northern Turkey, and the Caucasus. It is a large deciduous tree that reaches 20–35m tall at maturity, with a broad, domed crown.
It is hardy to zone 5 −28.9 °C (−20 °F) . It produces yellow-green flowers on 10–20 cm pendulous racemes containing 20–50 flowers between from Apr to June, filled with abundant nectar, which makes a fragrant, delicately flavoured and pale-coloured honey. The helicopter like seeds ripen in the early autumn. These rotate when they fall and this helps them to spread further from the parent tree.
Suitable for a wide range of soil types from light and sandy to heavy clay and even nutritionally poor soils. Their best development is on well-drained soil, they are not fussy as to soil pH and many superb specimens such as the one above can be found growing on the limestone soils of the Yorkshire Dales in the U.K. It can grow in semi-shade in light woodland or in full sun and is noted for its tolerance of wind, urban pollution and salt spray, which makes it a popular tree for planting in cities, along roads treated with salt in winter, and in coastal localities.
Its ability to tolerate difficult

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.61773
Retrieved Text: Effect of soil pollution and addition of coal fly ash on germination of Jatropha curcas and Pennisetum clandestinum: An initial approach to phytoremediation of Bamangwato Concessions Ltd (BCL) Cu/Ni mine, Botswana.
Baleseng Moseki1 Raviro Vurayai , Bonang Nkoane, PadmajaChaturvedi.
Abstract: Mining and smelting at BCL-Cu/Ni mine in Selebi-Phikwe, Botswana has been reported to have resulted in soil acidity and heavy metal contamination. Phytoremediation can be used to rehabilitate such soils. Research has shown Jatropha curcas and Pennisetum clandestinumas promising phytoremediators. The present study was conducted on soil collected east and west of mine smelter to analyze effect of heavy metals and soil acidity on germination of Pennisetum clandestinum (Kikuyu) andtwo Jatropha accessions from Tsamaya (J09) and Mosetse (J05), Botswana. Coal fly ash from Morupule power station, Palapye, Botswana, was added to soil to also assess its effect on seed germination in contaminated soils. Germination percentage, coefficient rate of germination, shoot length, root length, shoot dry weight, root dry weight, root: shootratio, vigour index and tolerance index of both species grown in soil without coal fly ash were reduced (p<0.05).Kikuyu failed to germinate in soil collected closest to the mine smelter (2.5 km west). Coal fly ash increased (p<0.05) the above mentioned parameters in both species and Kikuyu managed to germinate in soil with coal fly ash. The ability of Jatropha carcas species to germinate in polluted soil indicates tolerance to heavy metal stress and soil acidity unlike Kikuyu.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.558817
Retrieved Text: Envirothon is a knowledge competition between teams of five students who represent various schools and organizations. Students must be in grades 9-12. Competitors will answer the provided questions based on aquatic ecology, forestry, soils/land use, wildlife, and the 2019 current issue which is Agriculture and the Environment: Knowledge and Technology to Feed the World.
​There will be eight regional competitions in Indiana, and the top teams from each regional contest will then be invited to compete at the state level. The winner of the Indiana Envirothon will then compete this summer at the national NCF-Envirothon which will be held at Idaho State University.
Information about the five topics can be studied through provided links below. Click on Subject Tab for a collection of references.
​Be familiar with the agencies, programs, and roles of each.
1. Identify assisting agencies and laws that govern Indiana waters, and develop a working understanding of the programs which benefit our water resources.
2. Define a watershed and the interaction of its components.
3. Define and understand the difference between non-point source and point source water pollution, as well as types of water pollution (organic, inorganic, thermal, toxic, etc.) and their impacts.
4. Be able to conduct water tests and interpret data for assessing water quality ie: dissolved oxygen, BOD5, turbidity, nitrate/nitrate etc.
5. Identify aquatic organisms, be able to classify them by pollution tolerance groups, and determine their indication of aquatic health.
6. Understand the unique characteristics of freshwater resources (lakes and ponds, rivers and streams, reservoirs, wetlands, and groundwater).
7. Understand the basic concepts of hydrology and the water cycle.
8.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.48372
Retrieved Text: First detected in Ontario canola in 2016, clubroot is an increasing concern for the province’s canola growers. A University of Guelph research group is a key player in Canadian research to manage this devastating disease and is advancing knowledge about Ontario’s clubroot situation.
: In this trial to assess clubroot resistance in some Ontario canola cultivars Innovative Ontario research for clubroot management in canola.
The clubroot pathogen, Plasmodiophora brassicae, infects Brassica plants including crops like canola, cabbage and broccoli. Brassica roots release substances that stimulate the pathogen’s soil-borne resting spores to germinate and form zoospores. The zoospores swim through soil water to the roots and enter the root hairs to begin the infection process. The infection causes clubs to form on the roots – the clearest symptom of the disease. The clubs stop water and nutrients from flowing up into the rest of the plant, and that results in yellowing, wilting, and premature ripening and death of the plant.
Yield loss from clubroot can reach 100 per cent with susceptible canola cultivars in heavily infested fields. The clubs on a single infected root can produce millions of resting spores. When the clubs decay, those resting spores remain in the soil, ready and waiting for the next host crop.
Clubroot is spread mainly by infested soil on field equipment, so the disease typically starts at field entrances. But infested soil can also be carried on vehicles, tools or boots, or be moved by water or wind erosion.
Soil surveys by the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs (OMAFRA) in 2016

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.374178
Retrieved Text: Bioeconomy Developments Blog > Blog List > Agriculture > What can be done about badly depleted nitrogen levels in Africa’s soil?
African soils have been mined for their nutrients for far too long. Nutrients are removed in harvesting across the continent, but they aren’t being returned to the soil. This usually happens in the form of manures or fertilisers. As with a bank so too with soil: if you don’t deposit as much as you withdraw you’ll be left impoverished.
This is the fourth in a series of articles by The Conversation Africa, on the topics of fertiliser, crop production, soil health, etc. The Conversation Africa, launched in May 2015 as a pilot project, is an independent source of news and views from the academic and research community, delivered direct to the public (See theconversation.com).
Nitrogen can be added to the soil via synthetic fertiliser, manure, or leguminous plants like soybean, peanuts and certain tree crops. Unfortunately the manure available to most African farmers is low in nutrients. This is because the livestock are not well nourished. Leguminous tree crops can provide nitrogen rich green mulches. But they require space that edible crops can use and they take several years to grow.
According to the integrated soil fertility management approach, organic inputs of good quality manure, green mulches and crop residues will be needed to build healthy soils. But many soils are currently so badly depleted in nutrients that inputs of synthetic fertilisers are needed to get decent plant growth that can start the process of building soils and boosting

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.2826
Retrieved Text: Natural Resources: The material on the earth like rocks, minerals, coal, petroleum, air, plants, water, animals etc are the natural resources.
These are gift of natural for human being. Natural resources are in different forms it may be solid, liquid or gas. It may be organic or inorganic, renewable or non-renewalbe, metallic or non-metallic.
Natural resources is an important element of nature that has utility for all living things like human, plant, animal etc.
All the living things are depended on natural resources directly or indirectly, so “conservation of natural resources” is very important so that all living things can survive.
Conservation of natural resources is also very important so that environment will be in balance. If we continuesly misuse or over use the natural resources like water, fuel, minerals, soil etc, it can affect the environment and all living things.
All the things we need in our daily life that such as food, water, air, fuel comes from natural resources. Cutting of trees, water shortage, soil erosion, depletion of fuel are all in balancing the nature.
‘Conservation of Natural Resources‘ does not mean that is stop using them but it means that don’t misuse and try to manage them for their best use and proper use over time.
Because solar and wind energy is unlimited source of energy and from this we can produce power and use it again and again.
To prevent the soil erosion plant the trees. It is also save the nature and make balance in the environment.
since water is very essential and very important for all living things to

================



======= Instance Index 41 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Oil is gathered through mining operations
- The oil is transported to stores
- Oil is purchased by homeowners
- Oil is placed into a stove in the house
- The oil is lit on fire, and burns for a long time
- The warm air off of the oil travels through the house
- 

Question:
suppose less oil is gathered happens, how will it affect more oil is purchased.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.252335
Retrieved Text: Aplia Econ Blog: News for Economics Students: A Happy Coincidence?
Oil prices, already rising before Katrina, shot up further after the hurricane destroyed oil refining capacity in the Gulf Coast region. Oil price shocks affect both the supply side and the demand side of the economy. On the supply side, oil is an important input to the production of goods and services, and rising oil prices translate into higher production costs and lower output. On the demand side, gasoline expenditures make up a significant portion of consumer budgets and consumers may react to increasing gas prices by curtailing overall spending. Given the negative impacts on producers and consumers, you might expect rising oil prices to put the brakes on economic growth. Yet, the U.S. economy experienced strong growth even as oil prices increased during 2004 and 2005. Why have rising oil prices and economic growth coexisted so nicely?
Martin Feldstein, an economist at Harvard, sees a happy coincidence: a mortgage refinancing boom came along at just the right time, boosting consumption even as oil prices increased. Read his Financial Times column to see how refinancing might explain recent growth and why Feldstein is less optimistic about the economy weathering future oil price spikes.
Note: A mortgage is just a home loan. The collateral that secures the loan is the house itself--if you default on mortgage payments, the bank gets your house. Refinancing allows a homeowner to take advantage of a drop in interest rates by paying back his original high-interest loan with money from a new, low-interest loan. For

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.36076
Retrieved Text: Are your Royalty Checks Decreasing? We can help!
Noticed your royalty check decreasing recently? You’re not alone! The value of oil and gas has been falling for months on end and it doesn’t appear that it will end soon. If you receive royalty checks in Texas, you may have already started to see this affect the amount of your royalty checks. Curious about why this is happening and what you can do about it? Keep reading!
The main reason your royalty checks are decreasing is because oil and gas prices are falling. What happens is that the oil and gas being extracted from the ground is now worth less money. The operator (who extracts the oil and gas) is now being paid less money for selling the oil and gas to refineries. When this happens, this trickles down royalty owners like yourself. The checks you were previously getting could have gone done by as much as 50% based on the decline in oil prices recently.
As a royalty owner, you don’t have a lot of options when it comes to the price of oil and gas. If the price of oil continue to stay down, you may see reduced royalty checks for the foreseeable future. If you rely on that money each month to help you cover expenses and stay afloat, the lower royalty checks can have a big impact on your life. The reduced checks could last for a few months or they could last for a few years. No one is really sure where prices will head

########
Rank: 2
Score: 31.06924
Retrieved Text: As we've covered previously, the aggregate-demand aggregate-supply model is a useful tool for helping us understand what's going on in an economy. But it can get pretty complicated.
1. Suppose our nation's scientists invent new internet tools, raising productivity and making consumers and investors optimistic about future inventions as well.
2. The economy experiences a year of excellent weather for growing crops, and the government cuts back on spending.
3. Suppose there is a war in the Middle East which reduces the supply of oil, and suppose the central bank then reduces the growth rate of the money supply.
All three scenarios include multiple shocks to the economy. Do you think that the fundamental factors of production have been changed? Is inflation affected? What do you think will happen to the LRAS, SRAS, and AD curves in each?
Think through each case carefully and then watch the video to check your intuition!
Today, we'll walk through three examples of what happens to an economy in the short run when it experiences multiple shocks. We'll track more than one shock at a time because that's what happens in the real world.
First, suppose our nation's scientists invent many new Internet tools, raising productivity and making consumers and investors optimistic about future inventions as well. Let's take it one shock at a time.
So the fact that scientists created a new invention -- that's great news for the economy. This marks a change to the fundamental factors of production, a positive technological shock which will cause the "LRAS" curve -- our North Star -- to shift

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.945786
Retrieved Text: CBD oil is unique just like we are all unique. So it’s no surprise that each of us reacts to CBD oil in a unique way. Your body and your lifestyle all influence how CBD will react with you, and you might find that you need more (or sometimes less) to achieve your desired effects. Here are a few of the factors that can influence why people react to CBD oil differently.
Essentially, all of the things that make you, YOU will affect how CBD works with your body.
Your endocannabinoid system involves specific receptors in your brain that are built for cannabis. Taking CBD oil will trigger these receptors and influence how quickly and how strongly you feel CBD’s effects. And because your endocannabinoid system is unlike anyone else’s, you’ll need to experiment a bit before finding which dose of Meds Biotech CBD oil is right for you.
Some people are born with more endocannabinoid receptors than others, and that could be one reason why you react to CBD oil differently than your friends. If you have fewer receptors, you’ll feel the effects with a smaller dose than someone with more receptors.
What’s more, the number of your receptors will change as you grow older. Even the amount of CBD oil you use on a daily basis can influence how many receptors you have. Due to your genes, a little CBD oil can go a long way.
Too much CBD may have a negative effect on women while men can use higher concentrations of CBD oil without any negative side

########
Rank: 4
Score: 30.562893
Retrieved Text: Obviously, whether or not OPEC sees a rebound in oil revenues depends almost entirely on what happens with crude oil prices, something largely out of the group’s control given that it no longer wants to cooperate on production limits.
So what about crude oil prices? Oil is in a state of limbo right now, having rallied more than 80 percent to $50 per barrel in recent weeks from its lows in February. Following the “Brexit” result, crude oil prices crashed amid broader global financial turmoil. Barring lasting economic upheaval from the UK’s decision to leave Europe, the plunge in prices could be fleeting. The markets will turn back to a look at the fundamentals, although the fundamentals don’t exactly offer a clearer picture of what to expect.
OPEC is expected to keep production more or less flat – in fact, output has declined in several member countries because of unexpected disruptions (Iraq, Libya, Nigeria, Venezuela). Some output could come back from those countries, but nothing major is expected.
So while the speed with which oil prices rise is highly uncertain, the “direction of travel seems to be clear,” the IEA concluded, suggesting that oil prices may rise and fall from day-to-day or week-to-week, but prices should trend in an upward direction.
The old adage, 'be careful what you wish for', might apply with low oil prices.
Not enough money going into oil exploration, and future production, has to eventually create an oil shortage, and a huge price spike, because there is nothing that can rapidly replace oil products in transportation. Either

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.768398
Retrieved Text: The New York Times covered Alaska’s ongoing fiscal woes as oil prices continue to fall. The piece highlights the fact that although other resource-based economies are also seeing the long-term impact of declining oil prices, Alaska’s situation is unique as Governor Bill Walker must address new taxes and Permanent Fund issues as well. While the piece does cover our state’s ongoing fiscal woes, it fails to mention that Governor Walker’s fiscal plans will call for increased taxation on oil production. A federal coordinating office handling Alaska’s gas pipeline projects has been defunded by Congress and will no longer serve as a liaison between the public and organizers of the behemoth AKLNG project. The long-anticipated move was made official when Congress enacted recent spending and funding bills. Federal coordinator Larry Persily plans to close the office, which operates the arcticgas.gov site and contains information about the project and each phase that it has moved through thus far. Persily is hoping to find a repository for all of the information that the office has gathered during its 10 years of operation. Persily noted that the public will notice less coordinated flow of information to the public. While any cuts made to the AKLNG megaproject are bad news, the removal of a bridge between the public and private sectors on a project of this nature is a critical loss and will severely affect the project’s progress.
A recent study conducted by University of Alaska Anchorage’s Institute of Social and Economic Research (ISER), claims that cutting $100 million by laying off

########
Rank: 6
Score: 29.703197
Retrieved Text: Mike’s Service Center provides routine maintenance on cars, trucks and SUVs, including oil, lube and filter service, commonly referred to as an oil change. Our technicians will examine your vehicle, and be sure to install the correct weight oil, and help you determine the proper type of oil be using as your car ages.
Above is a photo of a destroyed oil pan that was on a vehicle brought in for service. Let us change your oil before this happens.
Oil eventually can turn into a jelly-like sludge, preventing oil from getting to some areas of the engine causing parts to wear out more quickly.
Each car manufacturer has a recommended schedule for changing your oil. Your owner’s manual should list the recommended length of time and mileage between oil changes.
However, how you drive can have a big affect on oil changes. Below are things that can be hard on your vehicle and require you to change your oil more frequently.
We pride ourselves on educating our customers, so if we find any leaks or other issues during your oil change service, we will be sure to show you the issue, explain the problem and provide cost-effective solutions.
Give us a call or stop by our shop at 1698 Main Street in Green Bay to have your oil changed today.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 29.534142
Retrieved Text: Should we reuse cooking oil?
Be it that Crispy pakoras or delicious samosas or that crusty chicken fries, they are so “yummy” although deep frying is grimy, stinky, and a little menace. We feel it is worth the hassle!! But what happens to that ½ ltr of oil that we have used for the frying them. The mere thought of tossing it off pinches us, as oil is very expensive. But, at the same time we are not sure whether we can reuse it!!
While all of us are aware of the benefits of “Reducing” the oil consumption, most of us are ignorant about the ill-effects of “Reusing” the oil.
What happens when we use the same oil for deep frying again and again?
1.	Choose the right Oil - Oil choice is very important. Every oil has a specific smoking point. It is the temperature where the oil breaks down and start smoking. As frying occurs at high temperatures, it is better to use oils with a high smoking point. Vegetable oils and refined oils have high smoke point and they have a longer life span.
2.	Frying in right temperature – Wrong frying temperature is the root cause for the deep fry disasters. If the temperature is low, the food will be soggy and if the temperature is very high, the food would get burnt from outside but will remain raw inside. Right temperature will preserve the longevity of the oil and therefore can be reused. If the oil gets too hot, it breaks down and cannot be reused many times

########
Rank: 8
Score: 29.506569
Retrieved Text: The soybean, which is also called the soya bean in North America, is a species of legume native to China. The soybeans have been extensively cultivated for its high nutritional value. Recently, more and more countries and regions process oil from soybean because of its abundant fatty acid composition and widely planted areas. As we all know, for excellent achievement, a soybean oil manufacturing unit is so essential due to the low efficiency of the handmade manufacture.
Traditional soybean oil manufacturing unit is so big that the energy consumption and the place area is too more to be accepted by investors. In fact, the major factories process oil on a small scale. Directing at present situation, ABC Machinery which is specified in the manufacture and export of complete oil mill plants and related oil making machine, makes a mini soybean oil manufacturing unit by repeat research and development, which is diffusely purchased and applied all over the world.
There are lots of features of the mini soybean oil mill plant. It is so easy for you to operate, transport and install even that you know less information about a mini soybean oil manufacturing unit. The weight of a mini soybean oil making machine is light enough and it also can be removed to the convenient place you want. the small scale soybean oil manufacturing unit can be used to process various oil seeds and nuts, for example it is widely used to extract oil from camellia seed, corn germ, peanuts, sunflower seeds, mustard seeds, cottonseeds, and so on

########
Rank: 9
Score: 29.31245
Retrieved Text: EconPapers: How do daily changes in oil prices affect US monthly industrial output?
How do daily changes in oil prices affect US monthly industrial output?
Abstract: Detecting asymmetry has become increasingly difficult using single frequency data. This paper goes beyond the prevailing use of aggregate/averaged data in order to provide a more in-depth treatment of the dynamic effects of the price of crude oil on industrial output growth. To do so, we propose an Asymmetric Mixed Data Sampling (AMIDAS) model to examine if there is any concealed evidence of asymmetry arising from daily effects of the price of crude oil on monthly changes in industrial output in the United States (US). We find that this model is able to detect dynamic asymmetric impacts of a high frequency independent variable on a low frequency dependent variable more effectively than when the high frequency variable is aggregated up at the time interval of the low frequency variable. We find that, in comparison with the marginal lagged effects of a rise in the daily price of crude oil, the effects of a fall in the daily price of crude oil are more sluggish as it takes longer for the effects of the oil price drop to die off over time. This finding implies that a fall in the price of crude oil shifts the supply curve rightward less and at a much slower pace than an equivalent price rise shifts it to the left.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 29.305914
Retrieved Text: Does your car need an oil change? For such a routine maintenance service, you may be surprised to find out how few people know when to change their car’s oil. There are actually a lot of factors that can determine whether or not your car needs an oil change.
In order to keep your car running smoothly for years to come, here’s a helpful guide to discovering the correct oil change interval. You’ll also learn what happens during an oil change, what factors affect when you’ll need an oil change and where you can get a reliable, professional oil change.
Most people are familiar with the old rule of 3,000 miles or 3 months. This rule-of-thumb may have been true in the past, but now it’s history. Advances in oil and car technologies have allowed our cars to run far more efficiently. Even worse, changing your oil every 3,000 could harm the environment. Make sure you get the most out of your oil change and wait to change it until it’s ready. For most cars and most drivers, this means between 7,500 and 10,000 miles. However, there are a lot of factors that can affect your oil change interval, so when in doubt talk to an experienced mechanic about your personal vehicle and driving habits.
Talk to your mechanic about all of these factors. If you typically drive short distances in extreme temperatures, you may need to have your oil changed more frequently. Quickly accelerating and braking can also be factors. Older vehicles burn more oil than newer ones,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 29.226965
Retrieved Text: Articles > Investing > Can Commodities Affect Currency Rates?
Can Commodities Affect Currency Rates?
The foreign exchange market, or FOREX, is essentially a network of Central Banks, large commercial and investment banking institutions, brokerages, and hedge funds that trade currencies. International corporations are in constant need of the services that this market provides as they are based in one country but must buy materials, pay workers, and conduct business in the currency of another country.
Forex traders, however, may not have the same need for currency exchange but may still make profits based upon the rise and fall of exchange rates.
Forex trading involves the purchase of one currency while simultaneously selling another. Forex trading involves a currency pair - like the USD and the Euro. There are actually several currency pairs for investors to choose from but the USD/Euro pair remains the most popular at the present time. The base currency is the first in the pair and it is used to initiate the account for trading purposes. For the USD/Euro currency pair, a 1.300 exchange rate means that it takes 1.300 U.S. dollars to purchase one Euro. The minimum amount that an exchange rate can fluctuate is .0001, or one pip (also referred to as a point). This is why an exchange rate would be listed as 1.200 rather than 1.2. All pips are not equal and their value is determined by dividing .0001 (one pip) by the current exchange rate and then multiplying the lot size of the transaction. A standard lot size in currency transactions is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 29.169586
Retrieved Text: The basis of much of the cooking we do is rooted in oils. There are many differing types of oils and fats with a huge variety of both positive and negative properties. We have gathered information on what the healthiest oils for cooking are and why this is the case. Here is the breakdown.
1) Olive Oil - Olive oil lives near the top of the healthy tree when it comes to oils we use for cooking. A well balanced mono-unsaturated oil, olive oil can aid in the reduced risk of heart disease by not creating high levels of something called ‘Aldehydes’. These are toxic compounds in a fat or oil that are produced as a result of heating it to a high temperature, resulting in oxidation. The result of this oxidation are the aldehydes themselves which have been linked with increased risk of cancer and heart disease.
2) Sunflower & Corn Oil - Sunflower and corn oil are primarily made up of polyunsaturated oils, which until very recently were often described as some of the healthier types of oil. Now new studies suggest that when using these oils to fry at high temperature, we see a much higher level of volatile Aldehydes being created than in olive oil and even fats high in saturates such as lard.
3) Coconut Oil – This kind of oil is the product of raw coconuts and can be widely purchased in health stores and supermarkets for use in cooking and as a beauty product. High in saturated fat, until recently, coconut oil

########
Rank: 13
Score: 29.016327
Retrieved Text: I am proud to say that I am a doTERRA Wellness Advocate! I can earn free products and shipping each month I place a Loyalty Rewards Program (LRP) order. For the month of March, I took advantage of the montly promotion, earned a free product, and gained two more free products for placing a 200 PV order. (PV is personal volume. Each item is assigned a PV value.) I also added two more essential oils to my repertoire.
My thoughts: I am obsessed with On Guard essential oil so I knew I was going to like this hand wash. It is gentle, cleans and softens, and leaves my hands smelling citrusy fresh with a hint of spice. On Guard supports healthy immune function and I feel good knowing that I am using an all-natural product to clean my hands.
My thoughts: This is a blend of Melaleuca (tea tree oil) and Fractionated Coconut Oil (FCO). Melaleuca Touch can be used to cleanse and purify skin and nails and helps to promote a healthy complexion. After I shower, I use Melaleuca Touch on my nail beds and I also put a drop into my facial moisturizer. I have also used this after shaving to calm my skin and sooth irritation.
Deep Blue Rub is a topical cream that is non-greasy and promotes a soothing, cooling effect. This is often used by massage therapists and clinicians. My job as an occupational therapist can be physical, so I use Deep Blue Rub on my lower back, neck, and knees. It feels good

########
Rank: 14
Score: 29.001135
Retrieved Text: High-quality oil is pivotal to keeping your vehicle running in top shape. It is recommended that you have your oil changed regularly and that you use factory grade oil best suited to your Nissan’s year and model.
For Nissan drivers in the Las Vegas area, the best bet to getting a proper oil change is to bring your vehicle to United Nissan. Our Factory Certified Technicians will only ever use Genuine Nissan fluids and parts to restore your vehicle to exact factory specifications.
Our team of experts knows your Nissan inside and out. We are always up to date on the latest Nissan standards and procedures. No aftermarket shop or products can compare to what you’ll find here at our dealership.
The recommended mileage point to change the oil in your vehicle will be determined by its specific make and model. Consult your owners manual to determine how often it is suggested to change your Nissan’s oil.
Your Nissan’s Owner’s Manual oil change mileage point is a suggestion, and how frequently and heavily you drive your vehicle will also affect how often you need your oil changed. Our knowledgeable Service Advisors can help you determine if you should schedule an appointment or swing by our Service Center and have our team of Certified Nissan Technicians takes a look at your vehicle.
Regardless of how you drive your car, truck, crossover, van, or SUV, you should have your oil changed at least twice a year. This is because as the oil ages, it becomes less effective. If the oil is too old,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 28.759176
Retrieved Text: Designed to work with our extensive range of pneumatic tools, Stanley Bostitch compressors are full of user friendly features and are built to perform whether in a production environment or on site.
To make sure you have the correct compressor for your application, follow this simple 4 step guide.
Make sure that you choose the correct voltage. If you are using the compressor on-site, the 110v version is most appropriate.
Which tank size is most appropriate?
When choosing your tank size, just remember that the size of tank doesn’t affect the volume of air delivery of the compressor but it WILL affect the amount the motor has to run to keep the tank full.
If you are planning on using more than one tool from a compressor or you want to keep motor running noise to a minimum, choose a larger tank.
Just remember that what you gain in tank size, you may lose with portability.
What extra features would be useful?
The Stanley Bostitch range of compressors vary not just in size and output but also in features. If you need extras such as twin air outlets or a built-in tool & fastener tray make sure you choose the correct model.
Should I choose an Oil-less or Lubricated model?
Air compressors are available in oil-less and lubricated models. Conventional lubricated units require oil to operate and need to be monitored just like a car engine. However these units are more durable than there oil-free cousins and perform best in continuous, heavy use environments. Oil-less air compressors on the other hand are ideal for lower volume

########
Rank: 16
Score: 28.7465
Retrieved Text: How often should I really get my oil changed?
It can be hard to determine how often you truly need an oil change. You might have your grandpa telling you “In my day, we had our oil changed every 3,000 miles,” and the maintenance technician saying, “Everyone should have their oil changed every 5,000 miles,” and all sorts of people telling you when you should do have this routine procedure performed on your car. You want to keep it healthy and running optimally right? Well here are some tips to help you determine the best time to get your oil changed and why it is so important to get it done regularly.
Over time, the oil in your engine start to break down and its consistency will change. When this happens, it causes the oil to be less effective at preventing metal parts from rubbing together, causing more and more friction. Motor oil I supposed to be thick and viscous for it to do its job properly and when it gets too thin, the friction from metal parts scraping each other can cause your engine to overheat and run less efficiently.
Sludge can also start build up in your engine. When the oil breaks down it leaves behind risky remnants. These hazardous deposits are what eventually turn into sludge. Once that sludge settles, it begins to block passageways that the oil must travel in order to lubricate the motor effectively.
You never want your car to run out of oil. If there isn’t any oil there to lubricate the metal

########
Rank: 17
Score: 28.744694
Retrieved Text: But wait a minute. The U.S. is in the midst of a boom in domestic oil production, thanks largely to new unconventional reserves in North Dakota and Texas, even as oil demand has fallen thanks to improving energy efficiency (and a still sluggish economy). The U.S. now imports 36% of the oil it uses, down from 60% in 2006. With U.S. oil production projected to increase by 28% between 2011 and 2014, according to the Energy Information Administration, and tougher CAFE fuel standards forcing more-efficient cars and trucks, oil imports will likely keep dropping in the years to come. The U.S. — or at least larger North America — could finally achieve something that politicians on both sides of the aisle have been chasing for decades: energy independence. Finally Americans would no longer be dependent on oil from countries that don’t like us very much — which would in turn make us that much freer in the Middle East.
There’s just one problem — one that, in fairness, Friedman acknowledges: less dependent does not make us independent. It’s easy to forget, but the price of oil is truly global. If something happens to disrupt production in a major oil-exporting nation like Saudi Arabia or Kuwait — or worse, if Iran were to actually close the Persian Gulf as it has threatened to in the past — the supply of crude would contract, the price would skyrocket and all the shale oil in North Dakota’s Bakken formation wouldn’t be enough to shield American drivers from even more expensive

########
Rank: 18
Score: 28.675852
Retrieved Text: HOW MUCH (AND HOW SOON) WILL ELECTRIC VEHICLES AFFECT OIL DEMAND?
Sooner or later, the proliferation of electric vehicles (EVs) is going to cut into global demand for oil, but predictions about the timeline are all over the map.
Is Big Oil Adapting To Make The Transition To Electric Cars?
Planners for the oil industry, as well as most auto industry execs (except for a certain California carmaker) tend to envision a gradual, decades-long process. At the other end of the scale, energy guru Tony Seba believes the Oil Age will be winding down by 2030.
A new report from Carbon Tracker examines many of the factors that affect how oil demand might be displaced by EVs, and includes an interactive software tool that allows users to experiment with three key variables to see how different future scenarios could play out.
The report found that the size of the global EV fleet is the most significant variable affecting oil demand, although the annual mileage per EV and the improving efficiency of ICE vehicles are also important factors.
Carbon Tracker concludes that EVs could entirely offset annual growth in oil demand as early as 2027, and could bring about the much-anticipated (and much-feared) turning point of peak oil demand by the late 2020s.
32 Comments on "Carbon Tracker’s New Tool Estimates Impact Of EVs On Oil Demand"
It will be gradual only in the sense that vehicles are capital investments and it takes time to replace a fleet. It will happen sooner and faster than many people think.
I don’t think the oil industry will feel

########
Rank: 19
Score: 28.66852
Retrieved Text: What Can You Use Almond Oil For in Beauty?
What if you could find a seven-in-one beauty product that didn't come with any harsh chemicals and cost less than $15? You can. It's called almond oil.
"Almond oil is rich in vitamin E, zinc, potassium, proteins, and fats that make it very beneficial for the skin and hair."
Before settling on almond oil, I tried coconut oil and avocado oil. I liked almond oil the best, because it is practically scent-free (avoid "roasted" almond oil) and less greasy than other kinds of natural oils.
Using "food" products for skin care is not only healthier, but also more effective, explained Lisa Eberly, a registered dietitian with a Master's degree in public health and nutrition. "Almond oil is rich in vitamin E, zinc, potassium, proteins, and fats that make it very beneficial for the skin and hair," she said. Eberly recommends mixing it with sugar to make a scrub or applying it after a shower. "The fatty acids in almond oil are great for clearing up acne," she added.
Here's another benefit: switching to food products, like almond oil, means you're opting for something that is more tightly regulated by the FDA and naturally free of harsh chemicals.
"By reducing the amount of chemicals you're applying to your skin, you're reducing your risk of disease related to oxidative stress on the body," she noted. Though going natural at first may negatively affect your skin, sticking with it is better in the long run, and your skin will adjust.
Personally, I did not notice any downsides

########
Rank: 20
Score: 28.66726
Retrieved Text: Methane is a pollutant that is worse than carbon dioxide in terms of greenhouse gas impact. Though it dissipates more quickly, after 100 years it is still thirty times more harmful. For weeks, the gas has spilling into the atmosphere from a storage facility at a rate that exceeds all of the automobile traffic in Los Angeles County. Just like the BP oil spill in Gulf of Mexico, it will take months to cap the leak. In the meantime, the pollution and health risks continue – though this time in near homes in the San Fernando Valley, not at sea. Life and local economy is threatened in both places but the reaction will be different for two main reasons: 1) the leak is invisible, which may make it easier to ignore because it’s harder to photograph, and 2) the leak is happened near people with the resources to demand action, which may make it more likely something happens. Whatever happens with this leak will affect similar storage facilities, just as with the BP oil spill.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 28.667067
Retrieved Text: Nutrition - Could this food additive make it harder to fight the flu?
Nutrition - Is the 'sugar rush' a myth?
Nutrition - What are the health benefits of beetroot juice?
Nutrition - Which are the best bedtime snacks for diabetes?
Nutrition - Cancer: Are probiotics making immunotherapy less effective?
Nutrition - How does oxidative stress affect the body?
Nutrition - What are the benefits of conjugated linoleic acid (CLA)?
Nutrition - What are the benefits of marshmallow root?
Nutrition - Are air fryers healthy?
Nutrition - What happens when you eat fast food?
Nutrition - Could reused cooking oil trigger breast cancer spread?
Nutrition - What are the most healthful oils?
Nutrition - Could probiotics evolve in the gut and cause harm?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 28.665125
Retrieved Text: Here are books I’ve read that relate in one way or another to health. The hyperlinks lead to my reviews, when I’ve written one, or to Amazon’s page for the book. I invite you to follow my updates and reviews on goodreads.
Could it be B12?: An Epidemic of Misdiagnoses, Sally Pacholok, R.N., and Jeffrey Stuart, D.O.
The pH Miracle is a less detailed but also less frightening version of Sick and Tired, with more than a third of the book devoted to recipes, meal plans, motivational material and other resources useful for the practical implementation of Dr Young’s alkalising healing protocol and diet.
Your Body’s Many Cries For Water, Fereydoon Batmanghelidj, M.D.
The Great Cholesterol Con: The Truth About What Really Causes Heart Disease and How to Avoid It, Malcom Kendrick, M.D.
The Coconut Oil Miracle, Bruce Fife, N.D.
Bruce Fife is a natural doctor who has devoted many years reading about coconut oil. Coconut oil is truly a miraculous substance. And in this book, Fife has gathered everything he could find on coconut oil and presents the information in a very simple way.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 28.650711
Retrieved Text: The spot price for a barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil rose from $11 at the end of 1998 to $140 in June 2008. It then fell to $42 in January 2009 as the Global Financial Crisis intensified. It recovered to $113 by April 2011, fell again to $33 in February 2016, rose to over $80 in May 2018, and fell below $50 by the end of 2018. How do oil prices affect the U.S. economy? Have these effects changed since U.S. oil production has soared after the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) (see Figure).
Many argue that negative oil shocks should reduce output in oil-importing countries such as the U.S. or Japan. On the supply side, oil is a factor of production, and an exogenous decrease in oil supply will decrease productivity. Higher energy costs may also decrease capital formation and long run supply. On the demand side, the price elasticity of demand for oil is low and price increases will not cause spending on oil to fall much. Higher oil prices act as a tax on consumers and firms. As oil prices increase, they will reduce spending on other goods and services. In the energy sector, firms producing oil should benefit from higher prices.
The IMF (2014), using its G20 economic model, reported that oil price increases after the GFC would disrupt the macroeconomies of oil-importing countries. It predicted that a 20 percent increase in oil prices would raise inflation in advanced economies by between 0.5 and 0.8 percentage points, lower GDP by between 0.4

########
Rank: 24
Score: 28.560764
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Gen 3 Prius Care, Maintenance & Troubleshooting' started by Johnsmith009, Feb 4, 2019.
One noob question after the other I suppose.
It’s a frustrating task trying to read the level.
On level ground, pull the dipstick and wipe, then wait five minutes, say check your tire pressures, clean windshield to kill time. Then reinsert and pull out dipstick and check, it should be easier to read.
The dipstick tends to draw oil up the tube when you pull it out. Then when you quickly reinsert, you get that smeared half-way up the dipstick appearance, hard to read.
I agree too about flipping it over: usually the underside's a bit easier to read.
fuzzy1 and bisco like this.
Burning oil is when the oil level dipstick measures less oil than the last oil level.
Oil can also evaporate causing the oil level to dip lower.
I know, but my worry was ALL of it somehow evaporated.
Foolish I suppose, but I've never seen clear oil.
No worries. Feel free to steal my method; get a lint free napkin, and place one side of dipstick on the napkin. Move the dipstick aside3 parallel to the oil that's soaked onto the napkin, where the oil stop soaking is where the oil level is.
"We recommend checking the oil level either before turning on the engine or 5 to 10 minutes after shutting down so you can have all the oil in the oil pan to get an accurate measurement".
Not the worst one I’ve seen .
But I’m no saint either .
I'd love to. But not sure how. Any Prius specific

########
Rank: 25
Score: 28.49354
Retrieved Text: It is essential that all Michigan boat owners know how to properly care for their engine. Otherwise, they are putting themselves at risk of costly repairs, malfunctions, and safety hazards. To avoid these consequences there are a number of things that owners can do. From performing frequent oil changes, to servicing, cleaning, and more; knowing how to care for an engine is critical. If you are a boat owner that doesn’t know how to care for your engine, continue onto the article below as it highlights some of the most important steps that owners can take.
One of the most important things that owners can do to ensure their engine is properly cared for is performing regular oil changes. Oil changes are needed to help lubricate the various parts of the watercraft’s engine. Without these changes being performed, the watercraft is at a serious risk of suffering from engine trouble. This is due to the fact that oil prevents the boat’s accessories from grinding together, which is a concern for any Michigan watercraft owner. When this happens, the parts may overheat due to the friction which can cause a fire or break down. Plus, if this issue is not resolved quickly, the parts can begin to wear down. This can result in a greater amount of damage as more parts will need to be replaced. For this reason, having the oil changed regularly is an essential tactic to help prolong its lifespan.
It is also recommended that owners perform regular maintenance checks to the engine. During these checks,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 28.398024
Retrieved Text: Receive Info on New CBD Products and Discount Codes - Subscribe!
Fast Shipping on all orders in The U.S.
Today, there are more than 40 million adults suffer from some form of anxiety in the United States. It is the most common mental disorder and, if left untreated, can affect a person’s life with catastrophic consequences. Those who suffer from anxiety may be wondering how to use cbd oil for anxiety. For decades, benzodiazepines have been the preferred drug for treating anxiety. What they do is they technically numb down neurons and make them resistant to excitation. Technically they just neutralize part of your nervous system. That sounds like overkill to me.
However, these compounds have also demonstrated to be quite dangerous. Over-prescription of benzodiazepines happens fairly often. As individuals develop tolerance to them, it is common to see dosage increments, leading to overdosing and even fatalities. In fact, from 1996 to 2013, the deaths caused by benzodiazepines more than quadrupled.
The scientific community has never stopped its search for a more effective and less damaging treatment for anxiety. Fortunately, recent discoveries on how our body interacts with cannabinoids have shown that a new age for the treatment of mental disorders has come.
Most people don´t know that all mammals, including humans, have an endocannabinoid system. That’s right. Our organisms are designed to produce and absorb cannabinoids naturally. The endocannabinoid system was discovered relatively recently. Scientists spent decades trying to prove, without any significant success, that cannabinoids were harmful and should remain illegal.
However, the resulting evidence now confirms that not only

########
Rank: 27
Score: 28.371994
Retrieved Text: Q.Що відбувається, коли нафта потрапляє в акваторію?
A.Oil spills affect water in a variety of ways. When oil is released into water, it does not blend with the water. Oil floats on the surface of salt and fresh water. Over a very short period of time, the oil spreads out into a very thin layer across the surface of the water. This layer, called a slick, expands until the oil layer is extremely thin. It then thins even more. This layer is called a sheen and is usually less than 0.01 mm thick.
Q.Що далі відбувається з цієї плівкою?
A.Oil spills on the surface of the water are subjected to the whims of weather, waves and currents. All these natural forces move slicks across the surface of the water. In addition, these forces stir up the oil slick and also control the direction the slick moves in. An oil spill far out at sea can be carried ashore by wave and current action. Rough seas can split an oil slick apart, carrying some oil in one direction and more in another. In contrast, a near shore oil spill can be totally controlled by currents and wave action that causes the oil to come ashore, damaging marine shoreline habitat.
Q. Як поводиться нафту після розливу?
A.Different types of oil react differently when spilled. Some evaporate in small amounts while others break down quicker. After the sheen breaks down, a moderate amount of oil will break down and be deposited on the bottom of the ocean. This usually happens in shallow water. Certain

########
Rank: 28
Score: 28.36672
Retrieved Text: CBD oil is a food supplement containing cannabidiol (CBD). CBD is extracted from industrial hemp ( cannabis sativa) and is one of over 112 cannabinoids that are present in the hemp plant.
CBD products will not make you “stoned” or “high” as they contain less than 0.2% THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) when purchased in the UK and across Europe.
The cannabinoids present in hemp are similar to those present in the human body. Our endocannabinoid systems are partly responsible for maintaining many important physiological processes in our bodies including our immune system, healing, mood, emotions, pain, cognitive processes and inflammation.
CBD and cannabis oil are currently being researched for a wide range of possible benefits, but as yet, most of the work has been focussed on laboratory and animal tests and human clinical trials are only just beginning for a significant number of health and wellbeing applications.
Cannabidiol has become extremely popular in the last few years due to media reports of healing effects claimed by users of CBD. Many celebrities and famous sports stars have also admitted to using legal cannabis oil.
Hemp has been used by humans for over 10000 years for many applications including medicine, food, and for its oil. It is now being re-discovered and it is an exciting time for those of us who love natural approaches to old problems.
As well as CBD, hemp and cannabis also contain a multitude of terpenes. They are responsible for the flavours and aromas that are so well known. Terpenes are also being researched for possible benefits.
Prior to using CBD oil, it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 28.309296
Retrieved Text: Ghana’s current inflation rate stood at a staggering 11.4% by June, 2013. This was reported by the Dr. Philomena Nyarko, the acting government statistician. That was a move up from the 10.9% recorded in May, 2013. If inflation reaches the double-digits, it is known as hyperinflation. If this happens, you will need a wheelbarrow to buy a loaf of bread. Fortunately, it happens very rarely, and only when money is printed without regard to the inflation rate. It happened in Germany in the 1920s and in Zimbabwe in the 2000s.
As is the case in most economies, there are uncertainties when Inflation rates go up. However, the real issue is what it means and how it affects us. Here are answers to some of your mind boggling Inflation questions.
According to the American Heritage Dictionary, Inflation is a persistent increase in the level of consumer prices or a persistent decline in purchasing power of money, caused by an increase in available currency and credit beyond proportion of available goods and services.
In simple terms, inflation is an increase in the level of prices of goods and services in the country. A higher inflation means that you can buy less for your money. Most economists consider a normal level of inflation to be 2-3% per year. Inflation can be measured in a variety of ways, but the method currently used by the Ghana Statistical Service is the Consumer Price Index (CPI).
Consumer Price Index (CPI) measures the change over time in the general price level of goods and services that households

================



======= Instance Index 42 =========
Input Text: Process:
- You eat food
- Your stomach digests the food
- Sugars from food enter your bloodstream
- Insulin helps turn sugars into energy
- Insulin helps your body store the energy in fat, muscle and liver cells
- 

Question:
suppose You maintain a more healthy diet happens, how will it affect you develop pancreatic cancer.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 53.10589
Retrieved Text: 0) or drink coffee, alcohol or. Information about diet and enzyme diet plans for pancreatic cancer patients in pancreatic cancer. Information about diet and enzyme supplements in pancreatic cancer.
Jul 28, 2016. Healthy fats. Pancreatic cancer patients often find it difficult to maintain their weight. If you or someone you. For patients with pancreatic disease, there are many times when it is difficult to eat at all. Whether or not a patient diet diet plans for pancreatic cancer patients for pancreatic cancer patients diabetic, eating nutrient dense foods with plenty of fat and. In cases of chronic pancreatitis, your diet might have a lot to do with whats causing the problem. 0) or drink coffee, alcohol or. Eggs. Nuts and nut butter.
Mar 18, 2015. Virginia fat loss page provides general suggestions to manage these. Plan your meals to include protein foods at each meal. Jan 22, 2014. should avoid smoking, as can you ask your doctor for diet pills increases the risk for pancreatic cancer. Belly fat loss program Well During and After Your Cancer. This page provides general suggestions to manage these. Share your experience by taking our patient survey.
It is near the stomach, small intestine, gallbladder, and duodenum. Below are some guidelines, and, as always, your Pancreatic Cancer Prostate Cancer.
How should I manage my diet if I have inoperable pancreatic cancer. Nutrition can be a major focus for people who have been diagnosed with pancreatic diet plans for pancreatic cancer patients. Questions about diet arise along with physical activity, dietary supplement use, and diet plans

########
Rank: 1
Score: 47.028744
Retrieved Text: According to the American Cancer Society, rates of pancreatic cancer have been slowly increasing over the past 10 years. The lifetime risk of developing pancreatic cancer is about 1 in 78 (1.47%). Researchers have found several factors that affect a person's chance of getting cancer of the pancreas. Most of these are risk factors for exocrine pancreatic cancer.
Age. The risk of developing pancreatic cancer increases as people age. Almost all patients are older than 45. Nearly 9 in 10 are at least 55 years old and almost 7 in 10 are at least 65 years old. The average age at the time of diagnosis is 71.
Gender. Men are 30% more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than women.
Race. African Americans are more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than whites.
Cigarette smoking. The risk of getting pancreatic cancer is at least twice as high among smokers compared to those who have never smoked. About 20% to 30% of exocrine pancreatic cancer cases are thought to be caused by cigarette smoking. Cigar and pipe smoking also increase risk. People who use smokeless tobacco are also more likely to get pancreatic cancer.
Obesity and physical activity. Very overweight (obese) people are more likely to develop exocrine pancreatic cancer.
Diabetes. Exocrine pancreatic cancer is more common in people who have diabetes. Most of the risk is found in people with type 2 diabetes.
Chronic pancreatitis. Chronic pancreatitis is a long-term inflammation of the pancreas. People with this inherited form of chronic pancreatitis seem to have a high lifetime risk for developing pancreatic cancer (about 40%

########
Rank: 2
Score: 45.43492
Retrieved Text: In the analysis of data on more than 500,000 Americans over age 50, men in particular, especially those who were overweight or obese, appeared to benefit most from a high quality diet.
“It is important to note that our findings are based on overall diet and not individual foods. A combination of many foods contributed to the observed association between greater compliance with the Dietary Guidelines and lower risk of pancreatic cancer,” lead author Hannah Arem of the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland, told Reuters Health in an email.
Though pancreatic cancer is rare - about 1.5 percent of Americans will develop the disease during their lifetimes - it is one of the most aggressive and lethal cancers. Only about six percent of people with pancreatic cancer are still alive five years after diagnosis, according to Arem.
Past studies looking at the relationship between diet and risk for pancreatic cancer have tended to focus on individual foods and found few connections, according to her team’s report, published in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute.
To examine links between overall diet and cancer risk, Arem and her colleagues used the government-designed Healthy Eating Index published in 2005 (HEI-2005) as a basis for rating the overall quality of people’s diets.
They applied those criteria to responses from 537,218 men and women who were part of the American Association for Retired Persons Diet and Health Study. Between 1995 and 1996, participants filled out diet questionnaires about how often they ate items on a list of 124 foods.
Arem’s team then divided participants into

########
Rank: 3
Score: 43.741432
Retrieved Text: MEAL is a clinically proven, six-week mindful eating program*. You’ll learn an entirely new approach to healthy eating, weight loss, and stress reduction.
The perfect diet for cancer patients and healthy nutrition have always been a hotly debated, controversial topic.
A Mindful Eating Program: Answer to Obesity and Cancer?
Mindful eating, obesity, and cancer.
If you are not familiar with mindful eating, maybe it is time to familiarize yourself with this construct.
Pancreatic Cancer Patients, Obesity and Weight Loss: How To Increase Longevity?
Can and should pancreatic cancer patients find ways to be physically active?
A diagnosis of pancreatic cancer carries with it an often unfathomable prognosis. Pancreatic cancer patients face complicated decisions pertaining quality of life issues as well as life expectancy. For many pancreatic cancer patients, life prolongation becomes a principal issue.
What I am going to report here is by no means a panacea that will fix all problems, but it might be crucial knowledge that sufferers from pancreatic cancer and their loved ones can wrap their heads around and work with.
Seaweed is an important source of protein, iodine, vitamins and minerals and could have chemo preventive potential.
Revealed… at least in the Petri dish1. We’ll get back to that in a couple of paragraphs.
Cancer patients and their healthcare providers need reliable cancer diet information. How so? A recent paper published by Champ et al.2 highlights the predicament faced by cancer patients as well their primary-care physicians to find good, reliable information on diet and cancer.
Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the U.S. Annually more than 2 million people are

########
Rank: 4
Score: 43.32198
Retrieved Text: Having pancreatic cancer can affect your diet and the way that you eat and drink. This can happen whatever stage your cancer is in and regardless of the treatments that are being used to combat your cancer. In this blog post, we will look at how pancreatic cancer affects your diet, why it does so and what you can do about it.
What does pancreatic cancer have to do with your eating habits?
It’s not just the cancer itself that can cause these problems. Common treatments such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy can also change your dietary habits.
Why does pancreatic cancer affect your eating habits?
The pancreas plays a key role in the digestion process. Located near the stomach and small intestine, it secretes insulin which helps in the breakdown of carbohydrates, as well as enzymes that help to breakdown proteins and fats. The gland also produces glucagon which, along with insulin, controls blood sugar levels.
Pancreatic cancer has been known to reduce the number of enzymes that your pancreas makes and stops the enzymes getting to the bowel by blocking the pancreatic duct. If the enzymes are reduced or stopped from getting to the bowel, your body will not be able to take in the nutrients that it needs. Pancreatic cancer can also reduce the amount of insulin and glucagon hormones that the body produces, which can lead to diabetes.
Eating small meals regularly. If you feel full quickly, it is essential that you try to eat as often as you can. Aim for six smallish meals throughout the day every

########
Rank: 5
Score: 42.775467
Retrieved Text: The pancreas is an organ in the abdomen that makes digestive juices, insulin, and other hormones. The digestive juices flow through ducts into the intestine. Most pancreatic cancers occur in these ducts.
About 1 in 77 people will develop pancreatic cancer over their lifetime. Pancreatic cancer is the fourth most common cause of cancer deaths in Canada. The risk of developing pancreatic cancer is about the same for both men and women.
Pancreatic cancer is sometimes called a "silent disease" because it is difficult to detect and symptoms do not usually appear until the cancer has grown for quite some time.
Cancer is caused by uncontrolled growth of abnormal cells. When these cells grow and form a mass it is called a tumour. When pancreatic cancer cells break away and enter the bloodstream or lymphatic system, they can spread the cancer. The spread of cancer is called metastasis, and places where the cancer has spread are called metastases.
The reason for the development of cancer cells in the pancreas is not known, but research has shown that people with certain risk factors are more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than others.
age: Pancreatic cancer risk increases with age. Most occur in people over age 60.
chronic pancreatitis or pancreatic cysts: Someone with chronic pancreatitis (painful inflammation of the pancreas) may have increased risk for pancreatic cancer.
diabetes: Pancreatic cancer is more common in people who have diabetes.
family history: Someone with a mother, father, sister, or brother who has had pancreatic cancer is at 3 times the risk for the condition.
obesity: Being overweight or

########
Rank: 6
Score: 42.092453
Retrieved Text: According to the results of a study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine, individuals with the healthiest lifestyles cut their risk of pancreatic cancer by more than half.
The causes of pancreatic cancer remain uncertain. Factors that increase the risk of developing pancreatic cancer include cigarette smoking, increasing age, certain dietary characteristics, obesity, diabetes, and chronic pancreatitis.
To explore how combinations of healthy or unhealthy behaviors influence pancreatic cancer risk, researchers evaluated information from 450,416 participants in the National Institutes of Health-AARP Diet and Health Study. Study participants were between the ages of 50 and 71 at the time of study enrollment in 1995-1996. From the time of enrollment through 2003, 1,057 of the study participants were diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
For the current analysis, study participants were graded on five positive lifestyle factors: not smoking, limited alcohol use, Mediterranean diet pattern, body mass index between 18 and 25, and regular exercise. Each factor was given a value of 1 for healthy and 0 for not healthy.
Compared with individuals with the least healthy combination of behaviors, those with the most healthy combination cut their risk of pancreatic cancer by more than half.
These results suggest that the risk of pancreatic cancer can be substantially reduced by not smoking; limiting alcohol intake; maintaining a healthy weight; engaging in regular physical activity; and eating a diet that’s rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains, fish, and healthy fats such as olive oil and canola oil.
Reference: Jiao L, Panagiota NM, Reedy J et al. A combined healthy lifestyle score and risk of pancreatic

########
Rank: 7
Score: 42.087322
Retrieved Text: Researchers are asking, "Does sugar feed cancer?" Here's what you should know about sugar and cancer.
Sugar is a carbohydrate, one of the essential macronutrients that provides energy for the human body.
Carbohydrates are found in starchy foods and vegetables, such as bread, grains, rice, potatoes, beans, and corn. They are also found in fruits and dairy. Many of these foods are sweet-tasting because of the sugar in them.
There are multiple types of sugars, including sucrose (table sugar), lactose (sugar from dairy), and fructose (sugar from fruit). When you eat carbohydrates, your body breaks down these sugars and converts them to glucose. Your body uses glucose for easily accessible fuel. That’s why sugary foods provide a quick burst of energy.
Carbohydrates are often ranked based on the glycemic index, or GI. This system measures how much a specific food raises the level of glucose in your blood. A high-GI food contains more sugars and raises your glucose levels more than a low-GI food. Low-GI foods include many fruits and vegetables, whole wheat, and oatmeal. High-GI foods include white bread, sugary cereals, soda, fruit juice, and potatoes.
While carbohydrates are necessary for your body to function properly, studies have found that eating too many sugars can have a negative impact on your health. Some research even indicates that high sugar consumption may put you at risk for certain types of cancer.
Research published in early 2016 about sugar and cancer by the MD Anderson Cancer Center found that consuming a high GI diet — a diet with a lot of sugar —

########
Rank: 8
Score: 42.06927
Retrieved Text: With a motive of good health, many patients take to particular diets to help with their illness. However, not all diets lead to optimal health. Some diets, if you are not aware of your condition and the effects of the food you’re consuming, can lead to results contrary to your initial motive – good health.
Though a paleo diet has good aspects, like cutting out processed foods, refined sugars and refined carbohydrates, all individuals should be cautious about any diet that cuts out an entire group of foods (i.e., grains, beans, and legumes in this one).
“We know a plant-based diet that includes whole grains and plant-based proteins can help reduce cancer risk and is recommended for cancer survivors,” said Maria Petzel, a senior clinical dietitian at MD Anderson Cancer Center and a member of the Scientific and Medical Advisory Board at the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network (PanCAN).
How may a paleo diet affect pancreatic cancer patients? Petzel believes not too positively.
It’s advised to check with a medical professional to find out what diet best suits you.
Are you a pancreatic cancer patient or caregiver? You can access comprehensive disease information, including diet and nutrition tips, recipes and a booklet on the subject – all reviewed and approved by renowned leaders in the field, by contacting the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network’s one-on-one Patient Central by phone or email.
Come back to our blog each week for more Friday Fix: Low-Fat Diets May Lower Risk of Pancreatic Cancer.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 41.74337
Retrieved Text: What you eat is important when it comes to managing the side effects from cancer treatment. Eating the right foods can help to improve how you feel and how you recover.
Clinical Dietitian Amy Ekin from St John of God Murdoch Hospital offers her tips for staying well by eating the right way.
The first thing is to maintain a healthy weight by being physically active and eating a balanced diet. It may lower your overall risk of cancer or its recurrence.
Follow a diet based on the Australian Dietary Guidelines. This will help maintain a healthy weight.
• Limit foods with saturated fat, added salt, added sugars and alcohol.
• Care for your food. Prepare and store it safely.
Physical activity improves fitness, increases energy levels and decreases fatigue and stress. Aim for 30 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity on most, preferably all, days.
What do I eat while I’m undergoing treatment?
During cancer treatment, you are advised to maintain a healthy weight or prevent weight loss. It is important to have adequate fluid and a nourishing diet during chemotherapy treatment as it can affect appetite and cause taste changes.
It is preferable to have non-caffeinated fluids like water, milk and juice as excess intake of caffeinated fluids can cause loss of water from body. Talk to your dietitian to find out details of a nourishing diet during chemotherapy.
How should I be eating after my treatment is finished?
If you still have ongoing side effects from your treatment, this may affect how much you eat or you may continue to lose weight.
If you are

########
Rank: 10
Score: 41.08276
Retrieved Text: How important is the pancreas? Well the pancreas is the organ in your body that produces insulin. Since this is the major hormone that helps to regulate and control your blood sugar levels, then I would say it is VERY important, wouldn’t you? This is especially important if you have diabetes. Insulin is the hormone that is responsible for your glucose levels by helping to move and get the glucose from your blood into your cells.
Issues begin to arise when diabetes starts affecting your pancreas. The beta cells are overworking as the bloodstream becomes higher with sugar and this makes it toxic with blood fats also increasing and the end result is that this has a negative effect on your cells and their ability to produce sufficient amounts of insulin.
It’s necessary to treat this situation with either drugs and/or injections of the proper amounts of insulin to control your blood sugar levels, thereby restoring your balance of these levels and at the same time decreasing the fat content in your bloodstream.
I am personally not a fan of medications because they only mask the problem and even though they help, my way of treating anything is by natural products and methods. We are what we eat I always say. A lot of the health issues that we have today come from bad choices we make that affect us and have us in the particular situations that we are currently in now.
It seems that all we ever talk about or hear from everyone including the doctors is to

########
Rank: 11
Score: 40.99012
Retrieved Text: Just as cancer can affect nearly any part of the body, so too can it affect any part of the pancreas. However, in about 95 percent of all pancreatic cancer cases, patients suffer from adenocarcinomas, tumors that grow in the enzyme-producing duct cells of the pancreas.
Because this type of tumor affects the pancreasâ€™ secretion ducts, adenocarcinoma, as well as pancreatic cancer itself, is also referred to as exocrine cancer (Exocrine describes any gland that uses secretion ducts to dispel discharge).
Uncommonly, tumors develop in other areas of the pancreas, such as the islet cells, pancreatic cells that produce insulin. Depending on which islet cells tumors develop, the pancreas will start overproducing either glucagons (hormones that metabolize carbohydrates) or insulin (hormones that metabolize sugar).
Another uncommon type of pancreatic cancer occurs when malignant cells arise in the ampulla of Vater, the area in which the bile and pancreatic ducts meet the small intestine. Because the bile duct is directly affected in this type of pancreatic cancer, symptoms (such as jaundice, the yellowing of the skin and eyes) typically arise immediately.
In this section, we will discuss the various types of pancreatic cancer. Our articles will outline the symptoms, prognoses and treatment options available for different types of pancreatic cancer. As you learn about various forms of pancreatic cancer, keep in mind that tumors are classified based on their location in the pancreas, as well as whether or not they are malignant (i.e. cancerous).
The term “benign” refers to any substance that isnâ€™t harmful or life-threatening. When referring to tumors, benign describes

########
Rank: 12
Score: 40.253365
Retrieved Text: For pancreatic cancer patients, an important way to maintain the best quality of life is to eat a healthy diet. A patient’s diet should consist of more vegetables, fruits and whole grains and less red meat, processed meat, fried foods, and desserts.
While stocking the fridge and cupboards with healthy foods can be a financial strain, it is possible to make healthy choices without hurting your wallet in the process.
Plan your meals; create a shopping list in advance. A bonus is fewer trips to the store and less impulse buying.
Choose fresh produce that is in season, when prices are usually lowest.
According to the USDA, fruits and vegetables that are typically cheaper include potatoes, lettuce, eggplant, greens, summer squash, carrots, bananas, apples, pears, and peaches.
Consider store brand and generic versions of your favorite foods.
Plan meals that use sources of protein other than meat, such as beans and tofu.
The change to a healthier diet may include not eating out as much, which can be a direct benefit to your health and finances.
Cook and prep meals for the week. This will curb the urge to purchase fast food when you’re hungry and without the energy to prepare a meal.
Save leftovers. They make an easy next-day meal and can sometimes be frozen and eaten later, too.
Pancreatic cancer patients often have many questions and concerns about nutritional care. MyPlate and American Institute for Cancer Research can be used as resources for healthy diets on a budget. Also, a registered dietitian can work with patients to meet their individual dietary needs.
Contact Patient Central

########
Rank: 13
Score: 39.964447
Retrieved Text: Press Release – November 20, 2014 – Cooking. Comfort. Care.
Home About the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network News / Press Center 2014 Press Releases Press Release – November 20, 2014 – Cooking. Comfort. Care.
SUMMIT, N.J. – November 20, 2014 – As the holidays approach, most of us are conjuring up images of a perfectly roasted turkey with all the fixings, followed by a luscious pumpkin pie and perhaps an overfull stomach. People with pancreatic cancer are facing a very different dilemma: which foods will give them the proteins, vitamins and calories they need to maintain a desirable weight and nutritional status?
To highlight the unique nutritional issues faced by people living with pancreatic cancer, and their caregivers, and to provide strategies to help address those issues, Celgene is launching the educational program Cooking. Comfort. Care. Nourishment for the Pancreatic Cancer Fight. For National Pancreatic Cancer Awareness Month (November), Celgene has teamed up with a panel of experts, including nationally recognized culinary expert Chef Michael Ferraro, Executive Chef at Delicatessen in New York City; Jessica Iannotta, RD, CSO, CDN, chief operating officer and oncology registered dietitian with Meals to Heal; and Julie Fleshman, president and CEO of the Pancreatic Cancer Action Network, to provide tips, recipes with variety and flavor, and resources for people with pancreatic cancer and their caregivers.
“There’s no reason that people with pancreatic cancer shouldn’t have tasty, nutritious food that is easy to prepare,” said Chef Ferraro, who witnessed firsthand the challenges faced by people living with pancreatic cancer to maintain proper nutrition. Ten years ago

########
Rank: 14
Score: 39.68052
Retrieved Text: Researchers have discovered that fluid filled cysts in the pancreas found in about one in every person above age 70 and common in younger people can be discovered with computer tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), However, these techniques cannot determine which cysts are precursors to cancer and surgery is often necessary to look for tumor markers in the fluit of the cysts which are not always accurate. Even removing the cyst by surgery knowing it may be benign may be problematic because the surgery is extensive and presents risks to the patient. . The new method can predict with 97% accuracy which pancreatic cysts are precursors to cancer by detecting the presence of mucus protein, mucins, in the cystic fluid. In addition, researchers have tested the new method in order to analyze existing tumors and, with about 90% accuracy, have been able to determine which timors have already developed into cancers. Thus, the method, called proteomics, could also be used to determine which patients require immediate surgery, and when it is instead possible to wait and monitor the development of the cyst,. It should be used in practice within 5 years.
Is a Simple Test for Early Pancreatic Cancer Possible?
In their study, the researchers found two genes, BNC1 and ADAMTS1. that were detected together in 81 percent of the blood samples from 42 people with early stage pancreatic cancer, but not in people without the disease or in patients with a history of pancreatitis that is a risk factor for pancreatic cancer. By way of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 39.631577
Retrieved Text: How Much Should You Worry About Meat and Cancer?
What you need to know about recent WHO report.
You are trying to access subscriber-only content.
If you are a subscriber, log in here.
If you are not a subscriber, or are only subscribed to the print edition, click here to subscribe now. Digital subscribers have unlimited access to our magazine articles and more!
Tags add, asbestos, cancer, cancer research, cancer risk, cancers, cold cuts, colorectal, colorectal cancer, cooking, diet, diet and cancer, garlic, health, nitrate, nitrates, nutritional value, pancreatic cancer, portion sizes, Prostate, protein, report, research on cancer, smoking, spices, strength, type of cancer, vegetarian, vitamins.
You are trying to access subscribers-only content. If you are a subscriber, use the form below to log in.
Subscribers will have unlimited access to the magazine that helps people live more sustainable, self-reliant lives, with feature stories on tending the garden, managing the homestead, raising healthy livestock and more!
Subscribers will have unlimited access to the magazine that helps the small-scale poultry enthusiast raise healthy, happy, productive flocks for eggs, meat or fun - from the countryside to the urban homestead!
I thought you might be interested in this article on https://universityhealthnews.com: How Much Should You Worry About Meat and Cancer?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 38.989914
Retrieved Text: Oral health is a key part of overall well-being and physical health.
We believe that excellent oral health has a significant impact on our patients’ lives and provide services to help our patients maintain or improve their oral health. Keeping the mouth free of harmful bacteria, infection and inflammation helps to prevent the entry and spread of germs or illness. Having strong, healthy teeth, gums and proper bite are also critical to a beautiful and healthy smile. For patients who have already experienced tooth loss, implants can help repair and maintain oral and overall health by replacing natural teeth and minimizing bone loss.
Research has indicated that people with diabetes are more at risk for developing gum disease and that diabetics who have advanced periodontal disease may experience some additional challenges in managing their blood sugar.
Osteoporosis – Bone loss not only affects the bones that support healthy posture and movement, but can affect the jaw bone and lead to tooth loss due to the loss of a solid foundation to support the teeth.
Respiratory Disease – The aspiration of bacteria growing in the oral cavity can contribute to the development of respiratory diseases such as pneumonia.
Cancer – According to the American Academy of Periodontology, men with gum disease are more likely to develop specific types of cancer such as kidney, pancreatic and blood cancers.
Scientists are also currently researching to determine if there is a correlation between gum disease and heart disease, memory, and pre-term or low birth weight babies.
By visiting our office for regular cleanings and exams, you increase

########
Rank: 17
Score: 38.93237
Retrieved Text: Overweight and obese women -- defined as having a BMI (body mass index) over 25 -- have a higher risk of being diagnosed with breast cancer compared to women who maintain a healthy weight, especially after menopause. Being overweight also can increase the risk of the breast cancer coming back (recurrence) in women who have had the disease. This higher risk is because fat cells make estrogen; extra fat cells mean more estrogen in the body, and estrogen can make hormone-receptor-positive breast cancers develop and grow.
Diet is thought to be partly responsible for about 30% to 40% of all cancers. No food or diet can prevent you from getting breast cancer. But some foods can make your body the healthiest it can be and help keep your risk for breast cancer as low as possible. Research has shown that getting nutrients from a variety of foods, especially fruits, vegetables, legumes, and whole grains, can make you feel your best and give your body the energy it needs. Eating food grown without pesticides may protect against unhealthy cell changes associated with pesticide use in animal studies.
Research shows a link between exercising regularly at a moderate or intense level for 4 to 7 hours per week and a lower risk of breast cancer. Exercise consumes and controls blood sugar and limits blood levels of insulin growth factor, a hormone that can affect how breast cells grow and behave. People who exercise regularly tend to be healthier and are more likely to maintain a healthy weight.
Compared to women who

########
Rank: 18
Score: 38.92944
Retrieved Text: The exact causes of pancreatic cancer are not yet well understood. Research studies have identified certain risk factors that may increase the likelihood that an individual will develop pancreatic cancer. The following table describes some of the risk factors associated with pancreatic cancer.
Smoking Smoking is a significant risk factor and may cause about 20-30% of all pancreatic cancer cases. People who smoke cigarettes are 2 times more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than people who do not smoke.
Age The chance of developing pancreatic cancer increases with age. Most people diagnosed with pancreatic cancer are over the age of 60.
Family History If a person’s mother, father, sibling, or child had pancreatic cancer, then that person’s risk for developing the disease increases by 2-3 times. The risk increases if a greater number of family members are affected. Also, the risk of pancreatic cancer increases if there is a history of familial breast or colon cancer, familial melanoma, or hereditary pancreatitis. Approximately 10% of pancreatic cancer cases are related to a family history of the disease. Individuals who smoke and have a family history of pancreatic cancer are at risk of developing pancreatic cancer up to 10 years earlier than their previously diagnosed family member(s).
Chronic Pancreatitis and Hereditary Pancreatitis People with chronic pancreatitis have an increased risk of developing pancreatic cancer. Chronic pancreatitis is common in individuals who consume large amounts of alcohol for many years. The mumps virus and various autoimmune disorders can also cause chronic pancreatitis.Hereditary pancreatitis causes recurrent episodes of inflammation of the pancreas that generally

########
Rank: 19
Score: 38.709404
Retrieved Text: Can Pancreatic Cancer Be Caught Early?
Who Is at High Risk for Pancreatic Cancer?
What Early Detection Methods Exist for Pancreatic Cancer?
What Are the Early Warning Signs of Pancreatic Cancer?
Pancreatic cancer is hard to diagnose early. There is no standard diagnostic tool or established early detection method for pancreatic cancer yet.
Early stage pancreatic cancer is usually found if the location of the cancer causes symptoms early or if testing for unrelated medical conditions shows signs of the disease. But most pancreatic cancer patients are diagnosed at stage IV.
Researchers across the world are working to develop early detection methods for pancreatic cancer. In the meantime, those at high risk may consider research studies like surveillance programs. These screening programs use regular monitoring to look for the disease with the hope of finding it earlier if it does develop.
Patients whose disease is diagnosed in its early stages have better outcomes. This is due to access to more treatment options, including surgery.
For eligible patients, surgery is the best option for long-term survival of pancreatic cancer. It can increase a patient’s survival by about ten-fold. But most patients are diagnosed at later stages and cannot have surgery.
Why Is Pancreatic Cancer Hard to Find Early?
The pancreas is deep in the abdomen. Doctors usually cannot see or feel the tumor during a physical exam.
Pancreatic cancer symptoms are not always obvious and usually develop over time.
There are no proven molecular clues, called biomarkers, that can help doctors tell that you have the disease early.
Tests used to diagnose pancreatic cancer do not always detect small lesions,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 38.60293
Retrieved Text: Early bowel cancer may have no symptoms and some symptoms of later bowel cancer can also occur in people with less serious medical problems such as Piles.
Exactly what causes cancer to develop inside the bowel is still unknown. Although, research has shown several factors may make you more likely to develop it.
Smoking – People who smoke cigarettes are 25% more likely to develop bowel cancer.
Alcohol – Even small amounts of alcohol can put you at a higher risk of getting bowel cancer.
Family History – Bowel cancer can run in families, around 20% of people develop bowel cancer have a close relative (mother, father, brother or sister) or a second degree relative (grandparents, uncle or aunt) who have also had bowel cancer.
Diet – Have a low-fat, high fibre diet that includes plenty of fresh fruit and vegetables and whole grains can help reduce your risk of getting bowel cancer.
Exercise – There is strong evidence to suggest regular exercise can lower the risk of developing bowel and other cancers.
Healthy Weight – Try to maintain a healthy weight.
Smoking – Giving up will reduce your risk of developing bowel and other cancers.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 38.164696
Retrieved Text: Pancreatic cancer develops when malignant cancer cells, which are abnormal cells with uncontrolled growth, occur in parts of the pancreas. 90% of pancreatic cancers arise from exocrine cells, which are pancreatic cells that secrete substances to help the digestion of food.
The pancreas is a small gland, around 13cm long, located behind the stomach and joined to the start of the small intestine, called the duodenum. The role of the pancreas in the digestive system is to produce hormones that help regulate blood sugars and enzymes that help the body digest food.
The pancreas has both an exocrine and endocrine function. Most of the cells in the pancreas are exocrine cells, which secrete enzymes that assist in the digestion of food. The endocrine cells are responsible for producing hormones such as insulin and glucagon.
Pancreatic cancer begins in the lining of the pancreatic duct and spreads into the body of the pancreas. Cancerous cells can then spread further into the pancreatic blood vessels and nerves, blocking the bile duct. Afterwards, the cancer can also enter the lymphatic system and bloodstream and spread to other organs.
Early detection and diagnosis of pancreatic cancer is difficult as there is a lack of characteristic symptoms during early stages of the disease. However, there are signs associated with pancreatic cancer that can emerge as the disease progresses to affect other organs. Symptoms may vary depending on where the cancer is located. For example, the yellow skin characteristic of jaundice occurs when a tumour blocks the bile duct.
Jaundice, such as yellowish skin and eyes, pale

########
Rank: 22
Score: 38.06503
Retrieved Text: The Life Extension Blog: Can Curcumin Treat Pancreatic Cancer?
Can Curcumin Treat Pancreatic Cancer?
Within the last couple of decades, significant strides have not been made in the field of pancreatic cancer.
To date, the best treatment option (if diagnosed early) is a surgery called the Whipple Procedure which was developed in the 1930s.
With few treatments on the horizon, it makes sense to seek alternatives. One nutrient which seems promising is curcumin. In an animal study, it significantly decreased the size of pancreatic tumors.
Curcumin is extracted from an Indian spice called turmeric. It is one of the most important anti-cancer nutrients studied today. Over 2,000 published studies show it combats different cancers including that of the breast, prostate, liver, colon, and lung.
In this particular study, mice were injected with pancreatic cancer cells. They were given liposomal curcumin three times a week for four weeks.
Pancreatic cancer needs to be detected early in order to improve the chances of survival, but symptoms are often vague and unnoticeable in the beginning stages.
Abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, poor appetite, weight loss, and yellowing of the skin and eyes may be early symptoms.
Diabetes, smoking, obesity, a history of pancreatitis, and eating a diet high in red and processed red meats have all been associated with pancreatic cancer.
A family history also raises the risk. Having a sister, brother, mother, father, or child with the disease doubles or triples one’s risk. Relative to other ethnic groups, African-Americans and Ashkenazi Jews are more likely to develop the disease2.
With relatively few warning symptoms, the cancer often goes undiagnosed until

########
Rank: 23
Score: 38.02512
Retrieved Text: Poor oral hygiene has been linked to a variety of health problems, such as stroke and heart disease. However, you can lessen your risks by improving your oral health.
Your teeth and gum care can have a powerful impact on your overall health. Neglecting your oral hygiene can result in more than just bad breath and sore teeth, it can open the door to a variety of nasty diseases, such as oral cancer. Studies have found connections between unhealthy gums with problem pregnancies, heart disease, stroke, and even bacterial pneumonia. You cannot have an unhealthy mouth and still expect to be healthy overall.
Sugar. Indulging in large amounts of sugar in your diet will result in gym problems and tooth decay. This is because bacteria thrive in a sugar environment and produces enzymes and acids that destroy your gums and teeth.
Smoking. Experts have long preached about the risks that come with smoking, including tooth decay, gum disease, and oral cancer. Tobacco use can cause pharyngeal cancer, throat cancer, and periodontal disease. It also has a nasty habit of staining your teeth, bad breath, and oral cancer.
Alcohol. Drinking alcohol contributes to oral problems indirectly as a result of dehydration. It’s the perfect environment for bacteria to run amok. Additionally, people with alcohol problems are less likely to follow a healthy dental routine.
Weight changes. When denture wearers experience changes in weight, it can affect how their dentures fit. The same way gaining weight will affect how your clothes fit, it will affect the gum pads, which is where your dentures

########
Rank: 24
Score: 37.87127
Retrieved Text: Are you eager the learn how to create hearty soups that also have pancreatic cancer preventing potential? In this section, you'll find a collection of anti-pancreatic cancer soup recipes starring foods like garlic, shallots, sweet potatoes, and broccoli which boast a range of anti-cancer nutrients.
Now, before you get your apron on and start experimenting with the soup recipes in this section, you might want to take a look at the section Diet Tips for Pancreatic Cancer Prevention and the section Foods That Prevent Pancreatic Cancer so that you are familiar with the basics of how your dietary habits may affect your risk of getting pancreatic cancer.
This recipe combines apples and onions, two of nature's best sources of quercetin, a bioflavonoid that has strong anti-cancer properties. Studies have associated the consumption of both apples and onions with a reduced risk of many cancers.
This super-nutritious soup with an irresistible texture draws on the health benefits of watercress, a super food that has been used to treat a wide range of ailments for centuries. Recent research suggests that eating fresh watercress daily can significantly reduce blood cell DNA damage. DNA damage in blood cells is an indicator of a person's overall cancer risk. Watercress contains a special mustard oil that is known to have significant anti-cancer properties. But the anti-cancer properties of watercress may also be attributable to the high levels of vitamin C, beta-carotene, and lutein contained in these little peppery leaves. In one study, consumption of watercress increased test subjects' blood levels of lutein and beta-carotene by

########
Rank: 25
Score: 37.84121
Retrieved Text: The Pancreatic Cancer Journey: Does the Ketogenic Diet Live up to all the Hype?
It's a New Year... and in our neck of the woods there are more resolutions being made than you can shake a stick at... and most of them include some form of the word "diet." It's true! We always end the holidays in a sugar coma, ready to get healthy in the New Year!
And for many, that diet will be some variation of the Ketogenic Diet. It has made a big splash in the Health and Nutrition world this past year.
We've held on to Hope that it might be that breakthrough for those in treatment for pancreatic cancer. And Clinical Trials have also put muscle in to that fight.
But... the truth is that the Ketogenic Diet has not lived up to all the hype.
Chris Wark shares the results so much better than I could here at The Evidence Against the Ketogenic Diet.
And it was a diet everyone hoped would be able to starve out the cancer cells and turn the tide on this all out war again pancreatic cancer.
Chris outlines study after study that refutes the basic premise of that hope.
The Ketogenic diet not only did not cure any cancers, it actually sped up some cancer growth in a 2017 research study.
In December of 2018, a comprehensive study determined that the Ketogenic diet in cancer therapy largely failed to prove survival prolonging effects.
And that is a very discouraging update for the first of this year... and that's the truth.
Rather than chasing after fad

########
Rank: 26
Score: 37.829185
Retrieved Text: Pancreatic cancer is usually a cancer of older people (average age of patients is 71 years), however some patients can develop cancer at an early age, such as 40. Incidence varies by race, gender, and geography. The disease occurs more often in African Americans than in whites and in men more than in women; global incidence rates vary approximately 30-fold. African Americans have the highest pancreatic cancer rate in the world. The reason for these risk factors is not yet known. There are four clear risk factors for pancreatic cancer: family history, cigarette smoking, long-standing diabetes, and hereditary and chronic pancreatitis.
Cigarette Smoking: This risk factor is associated with approximately 25 percent of pancreatic cancers. People who smoke for twenty years or more have double the risk of those who have never smoked. Smoking has an even greater effect in families that inherit pancreatic cancer---increasing the odds of developing cancer by up to 7 fold and patients who smoke tend to develop cancer at an earlier age. This cancerous effect of smoking is also seen in patients with chronic pancreatitis or hereditary pancreatitis.
Family History: Pancreatic cancer runs in families, and people in affected families have about a three-fold risk compared with the general population. About five percent of patients with pancreatic cancer report a family history of the disease. Hereditary syndromes would be seen in families that inherit pancreatic cancer along with other additional cancers. Examples of these additional cancers include: cancers of the colon, breast, lung, bladder, uterine, and melanoma. In addition to the families that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 37.341698
Retrieved Text: If you have been diagnosed with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI), you should work with your doctor and nutritionist to make sure all your dietary needs are being met. If you are living with EPI, getting all of the nutrients you need may mean being prescribed pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy (PERT), following a nutrient rich diet, and taking vitamin supplements.
If you have EPI, your doctor may prescribe PERT for you, so it's important to understand how it works. PERT is a medicine that replaces the digestive enzymes that your pancreas normally produces.
PERTs replace the enzymes that are missing in digestion due to EPI. When taken with food, PERTs help break down the nutrients in food.
Your doctor will determine the dose that is right for you.
Protein comes from foods like meat, poultry, and fish.
If you have EPI, your pancreas cannot properly break down foods, resulting in poor digestion of nutrients—especially fats. If you have been diagnosed with EPI, you should work with your doctor or nutritionist to make sure that all your dietary needs are being met. And when you're grocery shopping, be sure to check out nutritional information to ensure you're getting the nutrients your body needs to stay healthy.
Since EPI may affect your body's ability to absorb nutrients, getting all of the vitamins you need might take more than just eating well. Your doctor may prescribe vitamin and mineral supplements to help you maintain proper levels of the fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E, and K.
Sources: 1. Domínguez-Muñoz JE. Pancreatic enzyme therapy for pancreatic exocrine insufficiency. Curr

########
Rank: 28
Score: 37.13113
Retrieved Text: Ampullary cancer occurs in the Ampulla Vater, which is a projection that moves into the duodenum of the intestines. All biliary and pancreatic secretions go into the duodenum via the Ampulla Vater.
When the Ampulla Vater is blocked by a malignant tumor, there is an obstruction of the drainage of the biliary and pancreatic secretions, and that leads to jaundice. Also, because bile is unable to drain into the intestines, it ends up accumulating in the bloodstream.
This cancer, which is uncommon, is often diagnosed with the help of laboratory tests, such as a blood test, CA 19-9 tumor marker test, electrolyte panel, liver function tests, and carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) test. Ultrasounds and CT scans of the abdomen and pelvis are also helpful.
Jaundice, which is the yellowing of the whites of the eyes and the skin, is the most noticeable sign of ampullary cancer.
A palpable and distended gallbladder, referred to as Courvoisier’s gallbladder, can also be apparent in patients with jaundice who are also suffering from ampullary cancer.
Ampullary cancer is a very rare cancer. The common bile duct and the pancreatic duct meet and form a Y, and the part of the Y that enters the small intestine is called the ampulla of Vater. It is here that ampullary cancer is found. The cancerous growth blocks the bile from going into the small intestine or duodenum. This causes jaundice, which is how the condition initially presents itself.
The medical community isn’t quite sure what causes the cancer, but it is thought that genetic factors may be part of it.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 36.796997
Retrieved Text: Here are 6 reasons, based on scientific evidence that will encourage you to include cauliflower as part of a healthy diet.
Cauliflower is a very commonly used vegetable that has a very unique flavor as well. Read on to know how consuming this cruciferous vegetable helps us to stay healthy!
Cauliflower has many plant compounds, which offer various health benefits. Here are 6 reasons, based on scientific evidence that will encourage you to include cauliflower as part of a healthy diet.
High nutritional content. Cauliflower has a very impressive set of nutrient profile. It is very low in calories and high in vitamins and fiber. Each 1 cup serving (128g) of raw cauliflower provides mere 25 calories, 3g fiber, 77% of RDI of vitamin C, 20% of RDI of vitamin K, 14% of RDI of folate, 11% of RDI of vitamin B6, and 9% of RDI of potassium.
High in fiber. Almost 10% of the daily fiber intake is met by consuming 1 cup serving of cauliflower and fiber is a very important nutrient to maintain digestive health by preventing constipation, diverticulitis, and IBD (inflammatory bowel disease). High fiber intake is also associated with a lower risk of obesity, cancer, heart problems, and type 2 diabetes.
Offers antioxidants. Cauliflower protects the cells from oxidative damage of the free radicals and inflammation. Much like other cruciferous vegetables, cauliflower offers a high amount of glucosinolates and isothiocyanates, which have been proven to slow down the growth of cancerous cells, especially the colon, breast, lung, and prostate cancer. Cauliflower also contains vitamin C, carotenoids

================



======= Instance Index 43 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Items are collected
- The items are sorted
- Trash is removed from everything else
- Goes to a landfill
- The items go into a baler machine for each kind of material
- They come out as bales
- The bales are shipped to manufacturers to use to make products.

Question:
suppose faster baler machines are created happens, how will it affect landfill becomes full.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.93877
Retrieved Text: What is a baler and how can it transform your waste management practices?
A cardboard baler introduces a whole new way of recycling and waste management for businesses. If a business produces steady to large amounts of waste cardboard then this baler will cut waste costs, save space on site and time spent dealing with waste cardboard.
The cardboard baler is an innovative piece of equipment that is a modern replacement for our generic wheelie bins. The wheelie bin has been part of our culture for decades. They are a necessity for handling general waste but for recyclables like cardboard the wheelie bin is outdated, expensive and unnecessary.
Walk down any high street or round any industrial estate and you will likely see multiple wheelie bins with 'cardboard only' written on them, these can often be seen overflowing and looking messy. Another thing you may notice is that this overflowing cardboard will be flat-packed. This allows for more boxes to enter a bin but the time it takes to actually flat-pack all this cardboard is substantial when it's multiple boxes. It is a mundane job that staff would rather not be doing.
Down a high street in particular, space is at a premium and so bins are an even bigger negative for containing waste cardboard. They leave little room for manoeuvre in small warehouses and waste areas.
Lastly and most importantly, the costs of renting bins from waste management businesses and having them collected are increasing all the time. In the recent Spring Budget, the government announced landfill tax would increase

########
Rank: 1
Score: 31.281755
Retrieved Text: The Mil-tek 2306 baler is ideal for businesses with medium-to-large volumes of cardboard and plastic waste but who require a bit more power. It is equipped with two powerful cylinders creating denser and heavier bales that fit neatly onto a standard size pallet.
The Mil-tek 2306 is a medium to large sized baler that can fit into most locations. The deep pressing chamber and the wide door opening makes the Mil-tek 2306 an ideal solution for companies and organisations with medium-to-large amounts of waste but with a limited amount of floor space.The 2306 baler is ideal for loading whole cardboard boxes, eliminating the need for flat packing and regular trips to outside bins/skips. The cardboard bales from the baler fit perfectly on to a standard pallet, making them easy to store and transport.Miltek machines are designed so that almost anyone can operate them: You simply put in your material, close the door, pull the handle and let the machine do the real work. Mil-tek machines have an extremely fast pressing cycle of between 10-20 seconds.The Mil-tek 2306 is powered by compressed air, either directly from an existing air-line or from a compressor supplied by Mil-tek. This means that the Mil-tek 2306 is free of both electrical and hydraulic components, minimizing the risk of fire and completely eliminating the risk of oil contamination.An automated bale-out function makes it fast, safe and easy to empty the baler.
Wilts Wholesale is a wholesaler of electrical supplies and equipment in the UK. A Mil-tek 2306 has overseen significant annual savings on their

########
Rank: 2
Score: 30.736897
Retrieved Text: Also taking an interest in the display was an S4C film crew, which is producing a Ffermio profile of Gwynfor Williams, author of the | book, "The Jones Baler Story".
Gary disassembled the baler and sandblasted the pieces.
The newly installed baler squeezes all non-recycled solid waste gathered at the solid waste facility of Pierre to facilitate disposal at the citys landfill in the most favorable way.
Each night was capped by a cultural presentation and a concert featuring artists from Baler and Manila, like, Blue Island, Naomi Aoki, June Marieezy, Himig Malaya, Indio I, Lawiswis Kawayan, Blackmoon, Cosmic Love, Flippin' Soul Stompers and Sinosikat.
You can scythe your standing forage, rake it by hand with a homemade wooden hay rake, and then bale it with your manual baler.
ONE of the most ardent Jones Balers enthusiasts is Noel Jones, son of founder Glynne Jones.
The design of an urban baler was new territory for us as engineers when we took on the challenge in 2005 with partial funding from the USDA Small Business Innovation Research Program.
has announced it has signed a letter of intent to invest in an equity position with IPS Balers Inc.
Significant savings using leased trash balers with sensors indicating when full; separate balers for cardboard, which is sold to recycling companies.
The new Welger RP 235 fixed chamber round baler incorporates many technical advances from its larger brothers, while introducing customer requests for improved baling performance at a lower price.
The 8043 wide mouth baler from American Baler Company can produce bales weighing up to 2500 lbs.
That's why our baler

########
Rank: 3
Score: 30.639778
Retrieved Text: Tales from Wales: The story of David and Glynne Jones, who formed Wales’ most famous equipment company, Jones Baler Co.
A Jones Cub stationary baler dating to 1942. Whilst the Tiger was marketed to agricultural contractors, the Cub was meant to appeal to individual farmers.
Noel Jones with a 1947 Invicta self-propelled baler built by the company started by his father and uncle.
The 1947 Jones Invicta owned by Noel Jones. The first of its kind, this self-propelled baler drove, picked up hay and tied its own knots, yet it never really became popular with farmers.
A Cub in action at the 2010 Bryn Eglwys Show in North Wales. Owner Sam Evans (right) bought the baler in scrap condition in a 2005 auction and restored it himself. These early balers were often called packing machines, for at this stage a man was still required to tie the strings. Big improvements came later when Jones went on to create its successful self-tying system, along with their famous “grooved bale,” which virtually eliminated the problem of the twine slipping off bales.
Many of these Jones balers are still in regular use today. This example was pictured at a recent summer show where many of the Jones balers on display had fresh hay in them, showing that they had come straight from the field to the showground!
A 1943 Jones Panther. The Panther was designed to be parked behind a threshing machine so that the straw could fall straight into the baler. Hay could also be forked directly from a stack into the baler. The

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.443604
Retrieved Text: SURF! One of Baler’s famous surf spots, Sabang beach, is not the only place to catch good waves. There are also clean, barreling waves like Cemento for skilled surfers who ride shortboards, and nice, small peelers like Secret Spot or Rivermouth for surfers who enjoy long rides on longboards.
LOCALS. The friendliest, most energetic company that’s needed to keep a trip stoked! Locals of Baler are more than willing to entertain guests at any time to enjoy Baler to the fullest.
FOOD. Start the day with a plate of Tapsilog in El Teodoro, and have some peanut butter flavored coffee at Ground Swell after. On a tight budget? Enjoy lunch or dinner at the famous Rolling Store with fresh home cooked meals. Baler is also covered with fresh grilled seafood and ensaladang pako on any of the food establishments around.
There are so many food choices in Baler!
LOCATION. The best sunrise view happens on the east side. Wake up early morning to catch it, and appreciate the sun’s rays filling the ocean bed, turning it into a mix of warm, soft colours of reds, oranges, and violets.
Waking up to catch the sunrise is always worth it in Baler. Photo taken at Aliya Surf Camp.
ENVIRONMENT. Unlike other populated beaches in the Philippines, Baler has always kept their surroundings clean. Not to mention, even the roads to other surf spots is a rough way just to keep it natural and untouched. The countless beautiful coconut trees, clean river paths, and different kinds of colorful flowers seen along the way are what

########
Rank: 5
Score: 29.004368
Retrieved Text: The Mil-tek 305 waste baler is ideal for businesses with medium volumes of mixed waste such as cardboard and plastic. An automated bale-out mechanism makes it safe and easy to use.
The Mil-tek 305 is a very flexible, medium-sized baler, which can fit into locations where efficient compaction of waste is needed to maintain a clean working environment. The deeper pressing chamber and the wider door opening makes the Mil-tek 305 a popular choice for businesses with medium amounts of waste. The safety and the operational features makes the Mil-tek 305 an ergonomic, easy, clean and safe machine to use. The Mil-tek 305 baler can be installed where waste is generated, meaning that it becomes an integral part of the working process. Mil-tek machines all have an extremely fast pressing cycle, and the 305 is no different, with a cycle of 10-20 seconds.The Mil-tek 305 is powered by compressed air, either directly from an existing air-line or from a compressor supplied by Mil-tek. This means that the Mil-tek 305 is free of both electrical and hydraulic components, minimizing the risk of fire and completely eliminating the risk of oil contamination. An automated bale-out function makes it fast, safe and easy to empty the baler.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.81409
Retrieved Text: Sinobaler’s fully automatic horizontal baling machine, ranges from 20 tons to 120 tons pressure force, has a processing power of up to 15 tons per hour.
Find a complete range of baling press machine related accessories and waste recycling equipment here.
Sinobaler, a pioneer in the waste recycling market, and baler manufacturer, supplies industry-leading, cost-effective solutions to waste reduction. From small stand alone vertical presses to fully automated horizontal lines, we offer a complete range of baling machinery. Top brand hydraulics and electric components, smart design, durability, and affordable prices make our machinery stand out among similar baling press machines. Turn your waste into a new source of profit.
Be ready to witness large savings on recycling and waste removal costs. Sinobaler waste specialists work around the hour and across the globe to bring you considerate after-sales service, strict quality standards and long term value for your most challenging waste handling projects. Contact us now and our engineers will help tailor a solution, best fit to your needs.
Plant Fiber (Coconut / Coir..
Lifting Chamber / Textile /..
Optimized Heavy Duty for High..
First of all, you need to be prepared to provide the details of the following 3 points: Type of material you will be baling.Different baling machines have their own unique features. Some baling..
Type of material you will be baling.Different baling machines have their own unique features. Some baling machines may be more ideal to bale certain type of waste material as compared to others. Therefore, it is very helpful to be specific about waste material type. For example, if you

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.409307
Retrieved Text: IQS Directory provides an extensive list of vertical baler manufacturers and suppliers. Utilize our website to review and source vertical baler manufactures with our easy-to-use features which allow you to locate vertical baler companies that will design, engineer, and manufacturer vertical balers for your exact specifications. Our request for quote forms make it easy to connect with leading vertical baler manufacturers. View company profiles, website links, locations, phone number, product videos, customer reviews, product specific news articles and other production information. We are a leading manufacturer directory who will connect you with the right manufacturers whether you are looking for vertical bailing machines, lateral balers, or square balers.
American Baler Company our vertical balers are second to none. They come with a variety of features including: Built-in fork lift pockets, eye-level oil sight and temperature gauge, push/pull emergency stop button, and so much more. Call us or visit our website for more information on our vertical balers or any Unlimited Recycling Resources products.
Vertical balers are very versatile and can be used to bale plastic film, bottles, paper scrap materials, and various commodities. The durable, rugged construction includes such features as a 10” channel for side walls, tube steel in the discharge door, 12” channel for the mounting cylinder and more. All of our balers are built with rugged construction to stand up to the most demanding industries.
If you are looking for a vertical baler then you have come to the right place. You can count on BACE to supply you with a high performance baler that is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.332947
Retrieved Text: The Mil-tek H600 Mill Size Baler is an industrial hydraulic mill size baler, that makes extremely dense, recycle-ready bales that can be sent directly to mills for final recycling.
Pallet-size bales of up to 500 kg.
The Mil-tek H600 is one of the most effective industrial hydraulic balers on the market making bales of up to 500kg that fit perfectly on a standard pallet. The baler is designed to make extremely dense, recycle-ready bales of either cardboard or plastic that can be then sent directly to mills for final recycling.The extra long piston stroke and larger door-opening allow for loading of large volumes of material including whole cardboard boxes, PET plastic or packaging foam. Bales from the Mil-tek H600 hydraulic baler can be tied using regular 19mm banding or steel wire.
ABC Lavpris are a supermarket chain in Denmark. They use a Mil-tek H600 to bale large volumes of cardboard and plastic packaging waste.
Zain Al Madina is a waste collection service in Dubai. They use a Mil-tek H500 to bale cardboard, plastic and expandable polystyrene, amongst other material.
Lastras S.L. are Spanish manufacturers, distributors and sellers of foam. A Mil-tek H500 baler is used to reduce the large volume of excess foam they have onsite.
Installation is carried out by a Mil-tek technician. Your H501 Baler will be installed in the most optimal position to facilitate workflow.
Fill the chamber with cardboard or plastic and close the door. Once the door is securely closed, the machine is activated and the minimizing has begun.
H600 bales are tied using Mil-tek steel wire bands. These

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.148392
Retrieved Text: Stuart Reeves, Manufacturing Engineering Manager at Faurecia in Staffordshire came to KK Balers in 2015 to hire a compactor / baler at an affordable price. With the offer of a hire contract Faurecia were very pleased to spread the cost of the machine over time, but have it installed and working as soon as possible to organise the waste disposal process.
“KK are very accommodating and easy to deal with, the paperwork and contract was straightforward and put into process from the start which saved any time waiting. With our rental contract we also have included staff training, so if a member of staff moves departments KK arrange a training session to certify the new member of staff that will be responsible for the Baler. We also order our tape, or any other consumables, from KK as their prices are very competitive.” he states.
KK Balers UK network of fully qualified technicians are always on call to ensure optimum performance of all their waste compactors and balers. They aim to be onsite if not the same day, then within 24hrs. In the unlikely event of not being able to fix a problem, they can guarantee to swap or loan you another compactor or baler until yours has been rectified. Being inclusive of maintenance for the duration of your rental term gives customers a complete peace of mind and your costs are fixed.
KK also offer a free site survey and pre-trial of our equipment which will ensure that you rent the right machine that will give your company the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.76924
Retrieved Text: As the cold weather sets in and daylight hours shorten, this usually allows us to spend more time with our families; it also provides opportunity to ponder potential improvements for our haymaking operation.
For some, it may be time for a baling tractor upgrade while others may feel the need to change their rake size or type. As farmers, it’s just our nature to get “bigger and better.” We don’t want to buy every acre of ground . . . just every acre that touches the ones we already own!
This same philosophy to get bigger and better can be seen in the evolution of baling hay. We’ve progressed from making piles in the field with pitchforks to small square bales, then to round bales, and now to large square bales. Each inventor was looking for a way to cover more acres and harvest more tons in a day.
This is also the case for today’s major advancements in the round-baler market. We now have several manufacturers producing balers that don’t need to stop for tying or wrapping. Further, one manufacturer also has a self-propelled round baler in preproduction.
These manufacturers are all pushing the limit when it comes to innovation in what most considered an old and somewhat stagnant market. Usually it’s been tractors, sprayers, or other harvesting segments that have inspired the most innovation, but these nonstop and self-propelled round balers are right there with some of the other new machine technologies.
The tonnage that one of these new balers can push through is impressive and has had farmers

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.749592
Retrieved Text: The hay baler machine/straw bundling machine is widely used in agriculture and animal husbandry. It can collect and bundle green grass, straw, wheat stalk, corn stalk, wheat/ rice straw, grass, corn straw, pasture straw bale, etc. After baled by the machine, the bundle is very convenient for transportation, reserve and deep processing. Its compact design enables the cut grass to be collected and baled on any type of ground, also on hills, in mountain areas and on steep slopes. It is highly efficient machine because it enable bales to be prepared which are easy to handle and with an hourly working speed of 2-5km. So, the hay straw baler machine is very welcomed by domestic and overseas farmers.
870F/1070F/1090F series models use Forced Feeding technology, can prevent Jam problem when pickup Maize straw.
The hay baler machine is composed of pick-up part, compress rolls, sprocket transmission mechanism, a rope box, a lead rope rod, an early warning device, hydraulic control mechanism and three point linkage etc. It can move and work with a 25-50 HP tractor by PTO shaft.
Automatic operation: lead rope when bundling, pick up wheat straw, bundling, cut twine automatically.
The bundled bales are firm and not messy, easy to transport and store.
2. PTO transmission, 3 point hitch.
3. Bale length and density adjustable.
4. Natural hemp twine,harmless to animals.
5. Auto release system by rope or button.
For corn stalks, it is usually tough and long, the normal models are easy to block. Force feeding models, can solve this problem better.
When the chamber is full, the semi-automatic model need manual

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.512339
Retrieved Text: Science Fiction has long imagined as a potential future, a world divided in two between the real and the virtual. The connection between these two worlds is the machine, some kind of a terminal to which we plug ourselves to pass from one world to the other. Data becomes the new matter. Technology is the answer but what was the question? This question was 1966 asked by the architect Cedric Price and it used to follow me. What will our future interactions with these objects be? How will they affect us? What are the parametres building a world where our actions and decisions will be delegated to machines? What makes things/ systems expressive like almost something living? Is it about likeness in morphology or likeness in behavior? How less do I need to trigger an emotinal reaction? Do we feel faster than we think?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.403545
Retrieved Text: Decades of experience of designing machines go into building each Kverneland baler, which must perform impeccably all over the world. The latest generation of Kverneland balers gives you the assurance of unrivalled performance and an ability to cope with a wide variety of crop types.
The innovative design of FastBale provides high versatility, with the option to work in a variety of different modes, according to varying crop types and end user requirements.
With its unique features, FastBale offers a truly flexible solution to all of your baling and wrapping requirements, while simultaneously increasing operator comfort and productivity.
An actuator LA36 from LINAK is built into this Kverneland Baler. Read the full story here and learn more about how Kverneland used LINAK technology in their new generation of balers.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.27896
Retrieved Text: I am Bahram Farboud, IT and Facilities Manager at Unisurge International. Unisurge is a £15 million turnover company based in Newmarket. We manufacture and supply a wide range of products to the healthcare sector.
Q. How did you get into the waste industry/how long have you worked for your company?
I have been working at Unisurge for 10 years in an IT capacity but having project managed the development of our new purpose-built head office five years ago, I was given responsibility for all aspects of facilities management including waste recycling. I have a team of five working with me.
Q. What did you buy?
We already had a couple of Riverside balers – an RWM 400 and RWM 75, both vertical machines – but recently added an RWM HZ 70T to our waste processing plant. This is a mill size, semi automatic horizontal baler which is capable of handling up to five times more throughput than a vertical baling press.
Q. Why did you buy this?
We process over 25 tonnes of plastic and cardboard waste every week and were looking for something that could handle more, produce larger bales and assist with the cash generating aspects of our recycling activities.
We were also looking for a baler that would help us move closer to fully automated waste processing.
I was looking for a combination of factors: excellent customer service, size of bale and ease of use, and our previous experience of buying balers from Riverside meant I knew who to ask first!
Q. How did you research your purchase?
I spoke to Jonathan Oldfield

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.241947
Retrieved Text: Some baling machines even come with the added feature of moisture extraction to remove residue that may be leftover. Cardboard, plastics and even metals may have been used as containers for liquids that leave traces on the material when it is going through the recycling center. Moisture extraction ensures that the bales are dry when they leave the facility.
To begin creating a bale, a high volume of material is loaded into the input area of the machine. From this area, the material is led into a compression chamber where it is crushed and formed into a cube. Most balers are powered by electricity, but they use hydraulic power to compact and push material because this allows for a strong and consistent compressive force. After compaction, wire or strong plastic ties are then bound around the bale to hold it together while it is moved. Some balers can even be adjusted to create custom-sized bales. Since the bales are so heavy, a forklift is used to lift them and stack them or drive them directly onto a truck for shipping.
A vertical baler is a baling machine which utilizes a vertically oriented ram to compact recycled materials. Materials can be loaded in a variety of different ways, but most vertical balers are loaded through a large compartment on the front of the machine, which is then closed during operation. Since they are vertically oriented, they usually take up far less floor space than other baling options. They are usually less expensive as well. Vertical balers are most commonly

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.013222
Retrieved Text: Massey Ferguson recently announced that it is to reduce its physical presence at major shows in future. Instead, it will concentrate on getting its machines “closer” to the end-user – not so for fellow AGCO brand Fendt.
At the German end of the AGCO stable, it seems that major machinery shows and events will continue to play a central role in ongoing marketing efforts.
“Fendt will give a clear vote of confidence to the future of the LAMMA show when it welcomes visitors to Birmingham’s NEC venue in January,” a company spokesperson said.
In addition to clearly stating its support for LAMMA, Fendt is promising a heady mixture of machines to demonstrate that it is now a “full-line provider to the agricultural industry”.
There will be a varied selection of tractors on display.
These will range from the multi-role 300 Vario series right up to the lofty 1000 Vario series. A 900 Vario MT series tracked machine will also feature, alongside a Rogator self-propelled sprayer.
Balers on display will include a Rotana combi baler-wrapper, as well as a Squadra big square baler, which is expected to attract interest from the biomass sector in particular.
To top it all off, the company has decided that the event will mark the first “official” public appearance of the new IDEAL combine at a UK agricultural show.
However, LAMMA is not just about machinery, according to Martin Hamer, Fendt’s UK sales manager.
This event also has an important role to play in attracting young talent to our industry – people who will go on to become tomorrow’s farmers and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.95927
Retrieved Text: All businesses generate a certain amount of waste and a large percentage of this waste will be recyclable. The way you manage your recyclable waste materials will largely depend upon the quantities produced. Smaller amounts can usually be efficiently managed by separating the different materials into some suitably sized recycling bins ready for collection, but businesses producing larger quantities of recyclable waste would benefit from the use of a baler to compact their recycling materials.
Balers are a piece of equipment that is used to improve your recycling output, by enabling you to bale your clean waste plastic, paper, cardboard and metals into a compact bale, ready for recycling. Firstly, you will need to examine your waste stream to determine which materials are produced in a sufficient quantity for baling.
2. Single Ram or Two Ram?
A business looking for a baler to process fibrous materials that are easily compressed, such as office waste, shredded paper and soft plastic, will usually find a single ram baler is more than adequate to do the job. For materials with a high memory retention that makes them harder to compress, such as plastic bottles, Styrofoam and aluminium containers, a two ram baler is more powerful, making it a more suitable and efficient choice.
You will generally find that a single ram machine is more automated than a two ram and will therefore require less labour to produce your bales – something to keep in mind!
The majority of businesses tend to opt for a vertical baler to handle the volume of recyclable material they

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.957495
Retrieved Text: Our one-stop solution includes consulation, baler customization,exporting, on-field installation, staff training, technical support.
YongMao use the most reputable electric and hydraulic components for our balers. Most of those are from Japan and Taiwan, which you can replace the broke part easily anytime.
Our installation team is online 24 hours to help you with any questions you might have during the installation process, regardless of your location.
After installation of the machine, we will then start operation training. The full training process usually lasts 3 full days to ensure our machines are properly operated.
We offer free replacement parts for each baler in case any emergencies occur.
With nearly 20 years of experience in waste recycling application,our team is now world-famous. YongMao has been proudly certified to ISO9001:2000 by CE, SIRA association.
We offer 12 months of warranty on all our products. All of our customers benefit from our commitment.
YM team has helped thousands of clients who were looking for a way with less labor operation and higher volume capacity for the waste treatmert system.
With a specialty on paper waste, we can also custom a solution that can best meet your needs.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.839596
Retrieved Text: Choose from our wide selection of Pricing & Tagging Guns and get fast & free shipping on select orders. . Ink & Toner Printers & Scanners Hard Drives & Data Storage Networking & WiFi Projectors & Accessories Shredders & Office Machines Audio, . Waste & Recycling Trash Bags VIEW ALL.
Introduction to rubber processing and safety issues This section provides details of the mechanical processes involved in the production of various types of . These are by far the most common machine but some of the larger old type shown below may still be in use.
Shop our selection of GE, Appliance Parts in the Appliances Department at The Home Depot.
How to Empty and Clean Out Your Washer’s Drain Pump Filter Do you have a front load clothes washing machine? Have you every wondered what happens to that spare change you occasionally forget to take out of your pockets before washing your jeans?
Shop All Commercial Dishwashers Warewashing Sinks and Accessories Warewashing Chemicals Laundry Supplies Warewashing Machine Accessories Warewashing Faucets Warewashing / Laundry . Restaurant Supply and Restaurant Equipment Specials Filters. View Filters. . plus 360 Office Furniture 14" x 48" Black Wire Shelving Unit with 54" Posts and .
chicago business/commercial - by owner - craigslist . favorite this post Jan 10 ALUMINUM STRIP BY THE FOOT (E AURORA) . favorite this post Jan 10 Matador High Speed Commercial Scrubber/Stripper Machine $295 (Naperville) pic map hide this posting restore restore this posting. $20.
They are 20 to 25 inches tall, which means that they can store more waste between emptying.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.662254
Retrieved Text: Will Harrisburg's glass recycling program really be .
Glass Recycling. Glass has no place in our system, that's why we ask you to keep it out of the garbage. If we receive glass into the plant within the garbage, it's abrasive to our machines, and if it gets over to the power plant, it creates slag in the boilers -- .
Residential Recycling. ... Glass - clear, ... Landlords shall require by clause in each lease or other enforceable rule or regulation that tenants recycle.
Absorbing the zorba Features - Commodity Focus // Zorba. Specialty processors and metals producers continue to rely on the mixed metal zorba grade for nonferrous metallic units.
How It Works: Inside The Machine That Separates .
Electronic Waste Management Companies in India – .
Plastic Recycling Baler Machines for Sale & Rental | .
Save your company time, money, & space and increase your recycling with a QCR plastic baler machine. All like for like buying or rental quotes matched.
Reporting Marks for Rail Cars in Atlanta, Charlotte, .
Jul 19, 2017 · Tip. You may want to see if you can lease the equipment rather than buy the equipment and machinery you need to start and run the recycling plant.
Recycling Businesses for sale. ... Lease Plastic Recycling Exporter Company ... Waste and Recycling Equipment Sales and Service.Business For Sale For $2,000,000!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.59009
Retrieved Text: Scottsboro Solid Waste Department; Baler and Landfill will be closed Monday, May 28th in observance of Memorial Day. Monday, May 28th garbage and recyclables will be picked up on Wednesday, May 30th. Please have all cans and recycling bags out by 6:00 a.m. as usual. This schedule is for the City of Scottsboro Solid Waste Department only! If you have any questions, please call 256-259-5548.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 26.50504
Retrieved Text: What Happens to Trash After It’s Tossed?
Unless you’ve chosen to live a zero-waste lifestyle, you have a hand in the 258 million tons of waste Americans produce each year. And once your rubbish is picked up from your home or business, you probably don’t give it too much thought. But those empty food containers and old magazines have a long way to go after disposal.
From the waste transfer station to landfill processing, learn what happens to your garbage after you throw it away.
How Is Garbage Collected for Processing?
Whether its curbside trash pickup at your home or dumpster service at your business, we’re all familiar with this step in the trash cycle. A hauler picks up your trash and transports it to either a transfer station or a landfill. But you might be surprised by how far it travels.
How Are Trash and Recyclables Separated?
A waste transfer station accepts and sorts trash, recyclables and other materials before sending them to the appropriate destination – usually a recycling center or the landfill. In addition to recycling, the waste sorting step often helps to conserve natural resources since the heavy collection trucks don’t have to drive the longer distances to the landfill.
First, household trash is sorted to remove recyclable items like plastic bottles, paper and metal. This is a very labor-intensive process and workers frequently have to wear hazmat suits and face protection to avoid potential health risks.
Once separated, recyclable materials are sent to nearby recycling centers to be prepared for reuse.
In some locations, items like furniture, bicycles and books

########
Rank: 23
Score: 26.369152
Retrieved Text: What does baling wire gauge mean?
The gauge, (ga), is the thickness of baling wire. The lower the gauge the thicker and stronger the wire is. For example 11 gauge is thicker and stronger than 14 gauge. It is important to select the right gauge or wire so you are using the most cost effective wire and the wire is strong enough so it does not break.
What gauge of baling wire do I need?
The gauge needed will depend on the size and density or your bales as well as the material being baled. Vertical balers typically use 12 gauge-14 gauge depending on what material is being baled. Horizontal balers typically us 11 gauge-13 gauge depending on bale size and material being baled. Auto tie balers will typically use 10 gauge-12 gauge wire depending on the size and density of the bale as well as how many wires the baler uses on each bale. Auto ties with only 4 wires per bale will usually use a thicker gauge wire than auto ties with 5 or 6 wires per bale. Two ram balers typically use 10-12 gauge wire with some of the small two rams using 13 gauge wire.
What length of wire do I need?
The length of wire will depend on the size of bale your baler makes and which direction the ties go. The first thing to do is figure out if your baler ties vertically or horizontally. You can do this by looking at your baler or an already made bale. Most vertical balers tie vertically and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.067528
Retrieved Text: Sinobaler hydraulic baling machine covers a wide range of waste materials incl waste carton, paper, fabric (i.e. used clothes, rags), PET bottles, aluminum cans, coconut fiber, tyres/tires, drums, computer/TV shells, wood shaving, chaffs, cotton seeds, rice husk, waste baling and more.
Fitting your waste type to the right baler and output capacity has never been this easy! Choosing your waste recycling materials in our baler machine application list and you will have a complete list of matched baling machines and its models for choices. Manual, semi automatic, automatic baling machines are all available. The maximum output estimate will help you to find the baling equipment per your own capacity and bale needs. When you want to choose some baling machines or its models, please click them for more details incl image, video, catalog and specification.
Why you need a baler for recycling purpose?
Baler is a recycling machine which uses the compressing force of hydraulic cylinder to reduce the size of various waste materials. It can turn them to regular shaped dense bales (in most cases, square shape). When one bale is ready, the operator can proceed to belt it with straps or steel wires for keeping the compacted status after ejecting.
Ensuring the straps or steel wires be tightly belt allover the bales, increasing the density of waste materials so that more volumes of the waste could be loaded into containers or stored in the warehouse. Baling machine acts as an important assistant for companies. They deal with waste materials, creating new profits to customers when reducing their transportation

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.058956
Retrieved Text: Which vertical baler should you choose?
So, you have decided that a vertical baler is what you need to help with your business waste recycling – that’s great! But which of the many vertical balers out there should you buy? We have some great brand new and second-hand vertical balers in stock at Mardon. Here are a few of our favourites to think about.
If your company is thinking of having a quality vertical baler on-site it’s a wise choice. This type of machine will compress your recyclable waste into bales thus saving you storage space and money on waste collections.
Not quite what you’re looking for? No problem, please get in touch with the team to discuss your individual requirements and we’ll recommend the best machine to suit your needs.
If your business or organisation does not have large premises for dealing with recyclable waste, then this is the machine for you. As the smallest machine in the RAMPACK range, it is perfect for locations with restricted space or height. Ideal for dealing with lighter volumes of waste, it produces a small 30-55kg (up to 40kg) bale measuring 0.535 metres wide for easy storage. With a pressing force of 3 tonnes, it has enough power to be effective while the operating noise of 72 decibels is not too loud.
If on the other hand, you have lots of recyclable waste to process then this larger baler is for you. Producing (up to) 550kg bales and with an XXL loading aperture, it makes it simple to handle vast amounts of material.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.87487
Retrieved Text: Baler only 6 hours away, making it a popular destination for leisurely road trips from Manila. During our last trip, we went to Baler from Baguio and it took us also about 6 hours to get there.
There are two routes going to Sabang Beach. I recommend taking the scenic route via Pantabangan. You can use Google Maps, which has a reliable navigation guide to Sabang Beach.
You can also travel comfortably in 5-6 hours with no stopovers via executive coach Joy Bus (by Genesis Transport Service). It has an onboard comfort room, free snacks served by a bus stewardess, free WiFi, blanket & pillow, and a good morning kit.
To book the 12MN or 4:30AM bus, call Genesis at (+632) 709-0545 / 709-0544 / 441-6834 or visit their website, Genesis Transport Inc.
Note: The Manila terminal is along the Northbound lane of EDSA, near Cubao. The terminal in Baler is in the town itself; you have to take a tricycle to go to Sabang Beach.
The road trip to Baler via Pantabangan is one of the most scenic experiences you can have.
When you reach this small road crossing Canili & Diayo Dams, you’re on the right track.
I’ve been to Baler twice now. The first in 2011, when it was still the best kept secret destination, then in 2013, with the town now more developed with beach resorts but also more crowded.
We enjoyed the road trip so much that we took our time and arrived in Baler at night. It was awesome to be welcomed by cold towels and their signature

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.816748
Retrieved Text: The following programs are available to local schools, educators and groups.
The recycling center offers free educational tours to groups of all ages and size. The tour takes about 20-30 minutes. The group will see how the plant operates including the collection, sorting, storage and bailing of materials. They will learn about the end products created from recyclable material and the benefits of the program to our city and environment. This tour is incredibly interesting to earth friendly people and eye-opening to everyone.
The tour offers environmental education showing first-hand how a landfill operates. This tour takes about 20-30 minutes. The group will view a display explaining how a landfill is built, and learn what precautions are taken to protect our environment. Watch the garbage truck empty a load and the landfill equipment bury and compact the garbage for an eye-opening awareness to our everyday actions. Se first-hand our garbage taking up space in our city.
The biodiesel plant is located at the wastewater treatment plant. The Biodiesel plant contains the collected cooking oil, process machines and biodiesel storage tanks. The plant is not very big and will only take a few minutes to check out. However, it is worth stopping by to see how they transform used cooking oil into a usable product (Biodiesel) and learn about the benefits the program has to our city and environment. The wastewater plant can be toured to learn how city wastewater is collected and treated before it is released back into the environment. The group will learn how natural processes are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.789045
Retrieved Text: Browse through our range of cardboard balers and plastic baler press machines.
Simply select which baler you are looking for and contact us.
phs Wastekit offers a range of balers and compactors to help you better manage your waste - whatever size your organisation or budget.
Not sure which is the best product for you? Call our team for expert advice and guidance. Once you have done that, please take a look through what baler hire and rental options we have.
Our small HSM balers are ideal for baling medium to large amounts for cardboard and plastic recyclable material, taking up less floor space than a 1100 bin our V-press 504 and V-press 605 models are perfect for small to medium sized business where recyclable waste needs to be managed.
Our large HSM balers are designed to handle the most demanding waste management needs, offering exceptional performance for managing large volumes of cardboard and plastic waste, balers of this size are ideal for customers looking to get the most out of their recycle waste and create new revenue opportunities.
What is a cardboard baler or plastic baling machine?
Cardboard and plastic balers are an effective part of your waste management strategy. If you don't already use them or know what they are, then essentially it is a cardboard crushing machine that compresses materials that can be recycled (such as cardboard) and turns them into bales. These can then be easily transported to a recycling facility, it also means that your material takes up significantly less room when being stored on site. This reduces

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.766129
Retrieved Text: Man has the capacity to generate vast quantities of waste; practically everything that is bought comes in a packet or container of some sort. In normal middle class households there is approximately 4-5 pounds or 2kgs of waste generated per person per day (not recycling households). If you had to work this out for your household you would realize just how quickly this adds up.
So, what happens to all your rubbish? Well, you leave your trash bags outside your gate once a week and they get whisked off and you don’t need to worry about them again. I’m sure we all know that the garbage gets thrown on a big pile and when it is big enough it is covered with soil and that is the end of that.
It would be pretty easy to comprehend that the pile of garbage would soon become fairly toxic, and that is usually the case. As the garbage decomposes and gets rained on a toxic liquid called leachate is brought into existence. This cloudy, yellow brown liquid contains some lethal ingredients such as alcohols, sulphates, chlorides, iron, aluminium, zinc, ammonia, heavy metals and more. Leachate is often responsible for the pollution of surface and underground water.
The Durban eThekwini Municipality in South Africa have created an ecosystem restoration landfill, it is in fact a landfill conservancy (a conservancy is a protected area to be left in its natural state). It is the first landfill internationally to be registered National Conservancy.
At the start of construction all the vegetation in the landfill site

================



======= Instance Index 44 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Grass and small plants grow in an area
- These plants die
- The soil gains organic material
- The soil becomes more fertile
- Larger plants are able to be supported
- Trees eventually grow.

Question:
suppose grass and plants gather together happens, how will it affect there is no grass in the area.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 42.640404
Retrieved Text: Do you have a waterlogged lawn? The recent deluge of heavy rain is having an adverse affect on many gardens throughout the UK, saturating lawns and turning the grass yellow. So if your garden is suffering from a waterlogged lawn, find out how you can help to ease the problem with tips from Paynes Turf.
A waterlogged lawn will have visible patches of water or soil coloured puddles, and will be very soft and squelchy to walk on. This problem is common in areas of clay soil or in gardens which have heavily compacted soil. It’s easy to spot as the water just sits on the surface or drains away very slowly after rainfall.
If you water your plants too much, they will soon wilt and die. The same happens with grass plants – when left sitting in water, no oxygen can reach the roots of the grass plants and so the grass will eventually wilt, turn yellow, and then die. There’s also the risk of disease, as lichens, algae and liverworts will thrive in damp, wet conditions. In addition, moss will flourish and quickly take over the lawn.
If your lawn is waterlogged, try not to walk on it, as this will compact the soil even further and create bigger problems. Wait for the water to completely drain away before attempting any kind of rescue mission.
Aerate your lawn to give the grass the best chance of surviving the effects of lots of rainfall. Find out how to aerate your lawn here. It’s always best to aerate in the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 40.196987
Retrieved Text: Lawn care services ensure the best lawn status is attained in your residence, when you cannot do such duties yourself. There is no shortage of lawn care service providers in the area. You need to choose the most suitable service providers for your needs. You will also see so many services open for your consideration, all with different prices quoted from different lawn care firms. There are some basic services you shall not miss from them.
They shall attend to the grass. They will mow the green carpet to perfection. You shall see them arrive with industrial level lawn mowers that make for a better grass trimming job.
They shall also offer weed removal services, as well as prune and trim the other vegetation on the lawn. They are not there simply to cut grass. They shall also make sure the entire vegetation on the lawn is well taken care of. This is the best way to minimize the growth of weeds, and to ensure that unhealthy sections of the other plants do not affect the entire vegetation. This is also how they will ensure there is no unruly growth on the lawn, thus seeing to it that the driveway is not overrun with crops.
They will then do the blowing. Once they have cut the grass and trimmed the shrubs, leaves and cut grass shall be all over the lawn, driveway, and walkway. They shall thus have leaf blowers which they will use to remove that covering and leave the landscape clean.
They shall also go beyond those services

########
Rank: 2
Score: 39.9204
Retrieved Text: RAINIER NATIONAL PARK, Wash.—High in the alpine meadows surrounding Washington state’s Mount Rainier, Native American tribes gathered huckleberries and other traditional plants every autumn for thousands of years.
After the area became a national park at the turn of the 20th century, their tradition of collecting plants was outlawed. The law was a blow to the tribes, who depended on the mountain’s resources for their livelihoods and cultural traditions.
That ban was finally overturned in July, when the National Park Service (NPS) issued a new rule opening up the parks to plant collection by tribes that could show their practices were traditional and sustainable.
Members of tribes in the Mt. Rainier area welcomed the new rule and said it would make their traditional ways of life easier to uphold.
"They didn’t recognize us as indigenous people of this land."
Harvesting grasses to make those baskets is a crucial part of the process, Hanford McCloud said. But that has become increasingly difficult since traditional lands were claimed as national parks.
The Nisqually people have many historical ties to the Mt. Rainier area, Hanford McCloud said, but their rights to the land and its resources have constantly been questioned.
When Mt. Rainier became a park, it took away from the tribe’s ability to access it for hunting and gathering, Hanford McCloud said.
“This was always our land; our people have been here since time immemorial,” said Joyce McCloud, Hanford’s mother. She sat in on negotiations with the Mt. Rainier National Park (MORA) authorities in the 1990s when the Nisqually first began fighting for their rights to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 39.669697
Retrieved Text: The main type of grass used in Golf courses and most homes is Creeping Bentgrass, (Agrostis stolonifera). Your yard probably has this grass growing in it making it nice and green. Creeping Bentgrass is found in more than 80% of Golf courses in the world.
The other grass that makes up that 20% or so is Annual Bluegrass (Poa annua). This Bluegrass is a super weed! It can adapt to almost any environment. This grass is the number one grass found in New York City sidewalks. It can quickly adapt to herbicides making it a major pain for golf courses. The ironic part is that for the older golf courses it is the turf. It can shrink itself below the mowing height and make an acceptable golf course. You can not buy commercial seed bags of Poa annua, but you can buy it’s relative Poa supina. Poa supina is used often for soccer fields.
If you live in the Southern United States you probably know Bermuda grass (Cynodon dactylon). It not actually native to Bermuda, but is an invasive species there. Be careful this grass is fast growing and can take over other areas you might have wanted grass free. Bermuda grass is very hardy and can stand high humidity and temperatures.
For non-grass alternatives for your yard consider your climate first. Ask yourself what type of biome do you live in? Do you live in a forest? Near the sea? A desert? Meadows? After you have an answer then look at what plants typically live there.
For forest consider

########
Rank: 4
Score: 39.6581
Retrieved Text: I’m including a short section on grass biology; I had to cover this as part of my agricultural degree. I have to confess, I find it more interesting now than then, but I’m surprised at how much I remember. And at how much I’ve forgotten. Understanding the biology of grass helps us understand how to manipulate our grassland to suit our aims and objectives.
Grass is an angiosperm, which means it is a flowering plant, although the flowers are small, green and inconspicuous. Grass flowers are wind pollinated and the seeds are dispersed by wind, water, by birds and on the coats and sometimes in the digestive systems of animals. However, grass can also spread by tillering; this means it can spread laterally by producing side shoots over ground or roots underground that produce new plants. This is why grass can persist even if it is cut or grazed and never gets the chance to set seed.
The angiosperms are divided into two groups; monocotyledons, which produce seedlings with a single leaf, such as grasses and dicotyledons, which produce seedlings with two leaves.
Grasses can be annual, biennial or perennial and this governs their growth habit and persistency. Different species flower at different times of the year, with the majority of British grasses flowering in May, June and July. Preventing flowering by removing the grass stem, by grazing or cutting, causes the plant to reproduce vegetatively by tillering; this produces a leafier, denser sward than one that is allowed to flower and set seed.
Most of the nutritional value of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 38.597057
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Ducks' started by mega, Aug 22, 2017.
Edited to add: It takes about six months to grow back enough to be re-used.
Did they destroy the grass and converted into a puddle of mud? If yes, then it will be hard to do anything about it. Perhaps you can improve drainage.
I have 5 ducks that are not fenced (yet) and roam around freely. They did not manage to kill grass. They nibble on it, but not much, they rather scout around for better tasting food and weeds. There are some weeds you can try growing, but I'm afraid they will eat them before they start growing.
Unfortunately in my experience, unless you can free range them or have a massive area with fencing your grass is going to turn to mud faster than it grows. I've tried flower, veggies, bushes they chew on all of them. I suppose you could buy those rolls I've grass that landscapers use but I think they're really expensive and the ducks will destroy them.
Takes them about two days to tear through the straw roll. They are proficient diggers.
They sure are.. I've spent more money than I like to think about in trying to make the pen look pretty and have some source of greenery... I think the longest thing last a week and that was white (the only available option) stones around the pools. Yes pools, because everyone know you have to make sure four ducks have two large kiddy pools.
The number has been reduced to one in an attempt to

########
Rank: 6
Score: 38.594673
Retrieved Text: Is there any grass and weed killer that is safe for plants and pets? The plants are Hibiscus and Clematis and the pets are cats.
First, the herbicides we have listed in our WEED CONTROL ARTICLE won’t pose a hazard to people or pets when used properly. We have some SAFETY VIDEOS that cover everything you need to know regarding the safe use, mixing and storage of these products. One of the most important things you can do is keep the pet away when treating the yard and then keep them away till the area dries. This is usually no longer than 2 hours. Once dry there is no danger to people or pets and everyone can walk over these surfaces like they did before.
Second, there are only a few products which can be safely used over beneficial plants. One that should do the job is GRASS KILLER. On it’s label Grass Killer cites it’s Okay for use on hibiscus but I wasn’t able to find anything on the Clematis. Just to be safe, I suggest spraying around those plants and if you limit your application to just the weeds, I’m fairly confident you won’t bother them if they are a broadleaf. To be sure just test a small section by spraying it and letting it sit for 3-5 days to see if anything happens.
In summary, there are products that can be safely used around your sensitive plants. The key is knowing the label and in some cases “testing” to be sure. I also advise mixing accurately

########
Rank: 7
Score: 37.75845
Retrieved Text: Grass that is left to grow.
What do you think of when you think of Medieval gardens c. 1500? What about Medieval lawns?
I am guessing you would say herb gardens, but at that time, every plant was considered a herb with a purpose. They could be vegetable gardens, medicinal gardens, orchards, or pleasaunces which were pleasure gardens, with variation on these gardens of enjoyment also. There was much symbolism in these early gardens which was reflected in the plants selected and used.
Lawns were meadows, but some with an unusual twist.
They were grass-like gardens treated as a flowery mead planted with low growing wild flowers. Many had turf seats built against an enclosure wall with flowers planted in the grass. Somewhat like below even though it is without the wall from Medieval times.
Meadow area from not mowing the grass, wildflowers start to populate.
A mead is what we might term a lawn since it was used in similar fashion to what we have today.
People of the time used it for its sheer beauty, for play and for taking a stroll. Many a mead was structured and walled in. Built structures formed the enclosure, but so did hedging plants. I really don’t have examples of an actual flower mead, but it is easy to imagine by use of the plants selected, plus you can click the link below for one similar in the UK.
Turf grass path cut through uncut grass starred with planted wildflowers.
So how does one go about having a mead instead of turf grass? In medieval times, the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 37.679276
Retrieved Text: Beautiful lighting and nice soft transitions between the road and the grass. The area seems more alive now. I especially love the last image with the cherry trees and the butterfly you captured. It makes me long for the spring when I'll plant three IRL cheery trees in our garden. Keep up the good pace!
Thank you. I expanded the game hours when it is dawn and sunset, IMHO in NWN2 night lasts excessively long.
In fact, the area I am most looking forward to do in LOL is a garden! My only regret is that flowered plants models are limited and particularly that there are no roses in the toolset!
I agree, it's very odd that there are no rose-plants/bushes in the toolset as they so often are told about in old tales and stories. The custom content community isn't really into making new flowers, trees and plants, I suppose.
Oh, man, seriously. That stuff is so beautiful. Would love to look around your world!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 37.576862
Retrieved Text: Crowley G.M. (2001) "Grasslands of Cape York Peninsula - a fire-dependent habitat", in Savanna Burning—Understanding and Using Fire in Northern Australia , (eds) R. Dyer, P. Jacklyn, I. Partridge, J. Russell-Smith and R. Williams, Tropical Savannas CRC, Darwin, p.34.
This is a brief article (one page) about the interaction between grasses and woody plants, particularly tea-tree (Melaleuca spp.). It explains with a diagram how different fire regimes can affect the balance between grassland and woody plants.
In some parts of Cape York grasslands have been changing towards a thick layer of woody plants. This is known as vegetation thickening and can lead to loss of habitat for granivorous birds.
Vegetation thickening occurs because the woody plants compete with the grasses. Fires cut back tea-trees, but also stimulate growth. Any grass regrowth following an early dry season fire is soon grazed out, while tea-tree continues to grow. If there are no fires or only early dry season fires, then the grassland can be completely lost to tea-tree woodland within four or five years.
By burning later in the dry season, the tea-trees have less time to grow before the next wet season. This keeps the woody plants below grass height and gives the grass a chance to grow.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 37.24336
Retrieved Text: Ornamental grasses provide movement, sound and architectural interest to the garden. Whether they are planted en masse or single specimens, ornamental grasses add elegance and drama to the landscape with ease of care and self-sufficiency. Maiden grass is an excellent example of a landscape grass. Once established, these plants in the Miscanthus family need relatively little attention; however, they will need division once in a while. Dividing maidenhair grass keeps it to a maintainable size, increases the number of these plants and prevents center die-back. Learn when to divide maiden grass and some tips on how to split apart the larger specimens of this species.
Miscanthus is a large family of grasses. There are many varieties of maiden grass in this group, most of which are excellent landscape plants and valued for their dramatic inflorescence and gaily waving foliage. Splitting ornamental grass plants should happen every 3 to 4 years. Can you divide maiden grass? Maiden grass responds favorably to division and will come back better than ever after a season.
The question, “can you divide maiden grass?” has been answered, but now we need to know the when and how of the project. Older Miscanthus can get many feet wide and may grow 5 to 6 feet in height. This is a monster of a plant to divide but it is necessary for best plant health.
The best time to divide maiden grass is when it is dormant. Cut back the foliage to 5 inches from the crown first. This will help you get at the base, which

########
Rank: 11
Score: 37.12121
Retrieved Text: We are learning how to increase the vigor and overall health of our landscape by following regenerative grazing and land management practices that support robust native grass species and minimize noxious weeds.
We have learned the importance of essential elements of living soil systems. We believe in order to have a healthy landscape, people, and wildlife, we must maintain and improve our living soils by managing our ranching practices for what we would like to see (diverse grass species and healthy, living soils) in a holistic and regenerative approach.
While we understand the possible need to chemically control some types of noxious weed infestations, we've been experimenting for a number of years with non-chemical approaches.
Early journal entries from Explorers document many cases of wild herd animals from the past moving over the landscape in mass amounts- tens of thousands of grazing animals like elk and buffalo, moving naturally and fluidly. Behind them came browsing animals like deer and antelope. While the elk and buffalo ate the diverse and native grass species, the antelope would eat the brush and other woody plants and forbs. This is the natural system of balance, making way for generations of the same yet diverse species of plants to grow back without noxious weeds infesting over-grazed and unhealthy lands.
When goats graze today, they are mimicking the natural cycle. This natural cycle was disturbed when the cattle boom started. When many of the wild herd animals were killed and numbers substantially decreased in order for masses of cattle to graze the Great Plains and more.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 37.002
Retrieved Text: FAQ – Sassy Grass, Inc.
Q: How do I use Sassy Grass®?
In our home we like to mix Sassy Grass in water and drink it straight or with our favorite green smoothie.
To drink it straight I recommend starting with less than a full serving if you’re new to green drink. Over time increase your serving size as you become more accustomed to the taste and benefits. As your body starts to adapt to the new healthy standard, you will find you actually desire a stronger mix.
Mix Sassy grass in 16 oz of fresh water (I like 32 oz) and a couple of ice cubes, then enjoy your cool refreshing treat.
Adding Sassy Grass to a vegetable or fruit smoothie is a great meal replacement and also provides your body with needed fiber for a healthy intestinal tract.
Q: Will Sassy Grass® affect my allergies?
Sassy Grass is 100% allergen free with no other ingredients than those listed. Our ingredients are all organic and non-GMO. Our crops are family grown so we know exactly what goes into our product.
Some people see wheat grass and are concerned about gluten. Since we use only the young grasses of the cereal grain plants, our Sassy Grass powder is 100% gluten free.
Q: How should I store Sassy Grass®?
Store unopened jars in the freezer to keep the contents fresh. Once opened the jar can be placed in the refrigerator. Keeping your Sassy Grass in a cool place, out of direct light will extend the shelf-life and freshness.
Q: I’m pregnant, is it safe to use Sassy Grass®?
Legally

########
Rank: 13
Score: 36.67224
Retrieved Text: This next series of articles will focus on the use of local plants in witchcraft. Local plants are a combination of native plants, i.e. plants that originate from that area, and naturalized plants, i.e. plants that have been introduced from elsewhere but have established themselves as a part of the environment. Using local plants for your magick offers a lot of benefits, enhancing your magickal practice and effectively taking it to greater depths than are readily visible and that you may not fully believe are possible. Plus, working with local plants is a cost effective alternative to purchasing exotic plants that you have no idea how they were grown or harvested, and if their harvest negatively impacted their environment.
Working with local plants serves to better harmonize yourself with the local energies and spirits where you live. This is a highly suggested practice if you have intentions of working with the genus loci -localized spirits of place that are attached to the land- and is a great preliminary step in learning about Them.
Each article will focus on one plant that is native to or naturalized within North America. As such, many of these plants can be found in Europe, especially within the United Kingdom. Many of the plants discussed are considered pests and weeds, plants that many people aggressively try to rid their yards of. Some may be wholly unknown to you, others familiar. But, each is an opportunity to broaden your knowledge and practice, becoming a stronger and more resourceful witch. Each of these plants is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 36.498196
Retrieved Text: Your lawn looks terrible: it has large dead patches, and they're getting bigger. You've ruled out insects and physical damage. You think it has a fungus. How do you identify it? And how do you treat and prevent it?
Frank McDonough, of the Los Angeles County Arboretum, explains that there are three major types of fungal lawn diseases: parasites, water molds and "imperfect" fungi. Your fungus falls into one of these categories, so you need to take the following steps to identify it, treat it and keep it from damaging your lawn.
What kind of grass do you have (many parasitic fungi are specific to certain types of grass)?
When did the damage first appear?
Does the damaged grass appear greasy or water-soaked?
Are there any visible fungal structures (red threads, rusty spots, smoky haze appearing in the morning, etc.)?
When did you last fertilize the grass?
How long and how often is the lawn being watered?
How much sunlight does the area receive? Full day, half-day, less?
How does air circulate in the area? Do trees and shrubs surround the damaged lawn?
Is the damaged area higher than, lower than, or at the same level as the surrounding lawn?
What shape and size is the damaged area? Is it growing?
Are there any differences in the lawn's color around the damaged area?
If you see any signs of infestation, you should seek professional help by taking a sample of your diseased lawn to a local expert (usually a county extension agent or certified lawn-care expert). Remove a piece of your lawn about 1' square by 2" deep, making

########
Rank: 15
Score: 36.30953
Retrieved Text: Okay, so maybe lawns don't require this much attention. But they are pretty needy as far as landscape maintenance goes.
Your lawn requires more maintenance than any other aspect of your landscape. The reason is clear: There are few plants found in a yard that grow as quickly and require as much attention as grass. Most experts recommend you cut your grass no less than once a week during the growing season, and that no more than one-third of the grass be cut off at once to create and maintain a healthy lawn. The sheer amount of ground a lawn covers also means it usually requires more time than any other part of the landscape. As a result, even people who don't like to garden find their time eaten up by their lawns.
Here's a radical idea: Why not get rid of your lawn? Well, maybe not all of it, but you could probably find some places around your lawn that you could do without. Consistently shaded areas where grass doesn't grow well can be replaced with shade-loving ground covers like moss. Those patches of grass can also be replaced with plant beds featuring shade-loving plants. Adding landscape boulders to planting beds can add a dramatic contrast to the live plants around it (and take up space while demanding no maintenance). And you can forego live plants altogether by installing a hardscape, like a patio, deck or shed. A patio made of pavers, for example, can be extremely easy to maintain.
Replacing lawns growing on slopes are another great

########
Rank: 16
Score: 36.218998
Retrieved Text: A green and healthy lawn of grass is a great way to add beauty to any home. Especially here in the deserts of the Southwest. Because Phoenix experiences such drastic temperature changes as summer approaches, it is important to know what grass to use and when to plant it if you want to keep your lawn looking great year-round.
Each fall, many people here in the Phoenix area will plant rye grass to take the place of Bermuda grass. Bermuda grass tends to die as temperatures drop. Once winter is over, it’s important to know how and when to transition back to summer grass. This will keep your landscape looking great all summer long.
1. Keep an eye on the temperature. When you notice that nighttime temperatures begin to exceed 65 degrees on a regular basis, it’s a definite signal that it’s time to start the transition to summer grass. This typically happens in late April and early May.
2. Take the time to verticut or dethatch your Rye grass to allow the sunlight to get through to the Bermuda grass underneath.
3. Cut back on the amount of water you use. By cutting back to about 75% of what you would normally use for watering your lawn, you will help the Rye take a back seat and allow the Bermuda to grow.
4. You can help the water penetrate even further by aerifying your lawn. This will ensure that the proper nutrients are reaching the summer grass while allowing more oxygen to reach the root zone. You can typically rent

########
Rank: 17
Score: 36.17958
Retrieved Text: TXGLC provides educational opportunities for many groups, including wildlife and livestock organizations and schools. We collaborate and cooperate with our partners to provide meaningful information to land stewards and others. Grazing lands include rangeland and pasture land and make up more than 100 million acres, 65% of Texas!
Links to valuable info on grazing lands. Videos, publications, websites of interest to grazing land stewards.
Calendar and information on upcoming events!
Find our regional coalitions, grazing specialists, officers and board members in your area!
of the land area in Texas.
Texas Grazing Land Coalition is a 501 (c) 3 non-profit. TXGLC supports sound grazing land stewardship and assists owners and managers of private grazing lands. We actively seek grants to help us educate land owners, explore and publicize meaningful issues/topics for land stewards. Join our efforts! Send contributions to TXGLC, Box 146, Victoria, TX 77902! Interested in a particular area: specify your contribution to go to our youth or adult education, state wide grazing land information programs or your regional Grazing Land Coalition. Saddle up and ride with us today!
Texas Grazing Land Coalition shared a post.
#LessonsFromFrank this Easter morning! Happy Easter, grazers! If you read one thing today, this oughta be it!
Ever considered the value of ‘growth nodes’ on rangeland grasses?
It wasn’t long ago that I had no concept of what a growth node was, let alone it’s value in working toward reestablishing our rangelands to pre-European man conditions. In simplistic terms - growth nodes are formed at the base of the grass plant, producing a flush of new growth when climatic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 36.01244
Retrieved Text: Speak typically together with your neighbors and friends about your landscaping plans. They may additionally wish to do work on their yards, and also you might be able to go in together to hire issues like chippers or tillers. By sharing this equipment, you will all get monetary savings and be capable of get your work executed. Panorama in response to the completely different seasons. Ensure you include quite a lot of plants in your garden which might be at their best throughout completely different seasons. This fashion you will create a landscape that gives yr-round curiosity. Plant a combination of shrubs, trees and flowers, and make sure that there’s always something colorful to catch the eye, it doesn’t matter what season.
As you choose what vegetation to include in your landscaping project, make sure you take into account the climate through which you live. You could have your coronary heart set on a specific plant, but if the situations aren’t right, that plant won’t ever grow. Earlier than selecting your plants, suppose lengthy and arduous about the climate situations and sunlight. Whereas rising exotic crops could carry an excellent look to your backyard, do not use them unless you are prepared for all the maintenance, and care that’s concerned in that. Planting issues which are native to the area require lots much less work, and it lowers the prospect that crops will perish.
Add some paving stones to your landscaping undertaking, to create walkways. This will help to keep folks off of your lawn, and it adds

########
Rank: 19
Score: 36.0115
Retrieved Text: Our pick for the best grass for Florida is Scotts Turf Builder Bermuda Grass Seed Mix. This seed mix contains common and hybrid Bermuda grass seeds to allow a higher germination rate. This is perfect for Floridians, who often face difficulties when growing grass, due to excessive heat and challenging soil conditions. Bermuda grass needs just one deep watering per week, allowing the water to seep into the root system.Â If you like that one, we’ve got some other awesome Florida grass picks below.
How is Florida Soil Different From Others?
According to Gardening Solutions, growing plants and grass in Florida can truly be a challenge for homeowners. Rather than soil, Florida is made of mostly a sandy component called Myakka, and it covers most of the state.
This poses a challenge for people who want a beautiful, green lawn, since most grasses thrive in fertile soil. To make it more difficult, the type of Myakka can vary throughout the state. In some areas, it’s extremely sandy, while in others, it has more of a clay-like texture.
Myakka is typically more compact than regular soil, giving plants and grasses less room to spread, breathe, and receive nutrients. Myakka also has a difficult time holding in moisture and nutrients from fertilizers.
Since Florida doesn’t have optimal soil conditions for growing grass, it’s extremely important to prepare the soil to create optimal conditions for grass seed, sod, or plugs.
According to The University of Florida IFAS Extension, your first step should be having a professional soil analysis conducted. During this process, you’ll have your

########
Rank: 20
Score: 35.883617
Retrieved Text: Having a lush, green yard may look great, but it takes a lot of water and time to achieve that look. If you are on a metered water system and a tight budget, you may be looking at ways to cut back on your water usage. Using a water smart landscape design, you can get those savings you are after. Here are a few tips to decrease the amount of water you use in your yard.
Grass uses a lot of water. In fact, the most common types that are used at residences require more water than most plants, groundcovers, shrubs and trees. If you are looking to reduce your water usage, either removing all of the grass in your yard, or significantly limiting it can help you with this goal. Instead of grass, consider using artificial turf, gravel or rocks, or groundcovers.
Another way to make your landscape design water smart is by using native plants and/or those that use little water. Plants that are native to your area typically can thrive on rainwater and other moisture, such as fog and humidity, without requiring much else. This means that you don't have to give them much water. Another benefit is that they can withstand the hot or cold temperatures in your area, so you don't have to worry about how weather elements will affect them. Drought-resistant plants and those that require little water are also great choices if you are designing a water smart yard.
The last tip for decreasing water usage in your yard is to use

########
Rank: 21
Score: 35.874947
Retrieved Text: A beautiful lawn is something that almost every homeowner wants to have. The average residential lawn in the United States measures 10,871 square feet, which is why these lawns should look magnificent. The fortunate thing is small changes can have radical effects on how the lawn looks.
1. Hire a service to take care of your lawn’s grass.
One of the largest concerns a homeowner has over how their lawn looks is the length of the grass. The presence of tall grass is not going to look attractive as it would seem like the homeowner is not taking care of the property.
This is why homeowners should always make it a point to have the lawn grass trimmed every now and then. To make sure that your lawn will look attractive in a consistent manner, you might want to employ grass maintenance service in Draper, Utah.
2. Try to avoid using chemicals.
It is pretty much public knowledge that chemicals have a negative effect on the environment, especially on the soil and water supply in an area. This is why as much as possible, you should not use chemicals and inorganic materials. If you do use it, make sure that the amount of chemicals you use is minimal. Otherwise, you may find that plants will have trouble growing in the area in the future.
3. Water and put fertilizer in the soil regularly.
Water and fertilizer are among the most important tools at your disposal if you want the soil in your lawn to be healthy. Watering is especially going to be helpful

########
Rank: 22
Score: 35.831512
Retrieved Text: We mentioned this in passing, but it’s time to explain this in full. One thing that makes Pokémon stand out is the intricate Type Match-Up system, which is basically a complicated version of Rock, Papers, Scissors.
Each Pokémon has one or two types; which reflect what kind of Pokémon they are. A fish Pokémon will be a Water-type; while a plant Pokémon will be a Grass-type. Similarly, each move has a type that reflects it. A move called Flamethrower is going to be Fire-type, for instance.
How does it affect battling though? Well, like in real life, some things 'beat' others. Water douses fire and in the same way, Water-type moves used on a Fire-type Pokémon deal more damage. Fire-type moves also deal less damage to Water-Type Pokemon because of this.
Not all types are strong or weak against all other types; but there are many that work in this way. Some types can’t even damage Pokémon of certain types, such as Poison-Type moves when used on a Steel-Type Pokémon. Taking proper advantage of type match-ups is what separates the best from the rest.
The below table is structured so that when you want to check it; simply look at the left column first to match what move-type you’re using and then look right to match the Pokemon-type you’re facing.
When an opposing Pokémon is dual-typed, things get slightly more complicated. What happens is that the damage multipliers for both types are multiplied together.
Example A : If we were up against Virizion, a Grass/Fighting Pokémon, then a Fire-type move would do

########
Rank: 23
Score: 35.805786
Retrieved Text: Emphasize plant words like seed, roots, sprout, stalk, and leaves, as well as science process words like experiment, test, compare, describe, observe, and prediction.
Gather children in the Watch Them Grow learning center and examine the bean and grass seeds in the plastic bags. Ask them what they notice. Have them use the magnifying glasses to get a closer look.
Now look at the beans in the soil, and ask them what they observe. If they don’t see anything, ask them what they think is happening under the soil.
Have one child take photos of the beans and another take photos of the grass to add to Day 4 of the “Our Plants” chart.
How have the seeds changed since the last time you looked?
Did all of the seeds grow the same amount?
How are the grass plants different from the bean plants?
Why do you think it is easier to see plants growing in the plastic bags than in the soil?
What do you think might be happening under the soil?
What part of the plant seems to be growing first? Why do you think so?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 35.76233
Retrieved Text: What do you recommend for bermuda grass control in a vegetable garden? I grow a wide range of vegetables and fruits including asparagus, strawberries and onions. I need something that won’t affect the plants or crop in case I spray too close.
There are several options for controlling bermuda grass that’s growing in or around your garden. The most common is a selective herbicide known as GRASS KILLER. It does a good job on the bermuda but won’t harm most broadleaf plants. It’s labeled for use in most gardens but just refer to the LABEL to be sure you don’t spray any plant it may be able to damage. With gardens, if you watch where you’re spraying, a lot of times you can avoid overspray and not harm the good plants with a little care. Since Grass Killer can actually be sprayed on many vegetable plants directly, the risk of damaging them is minimal. See this product, along with several others we carry, in our WEED CONTROL ARTICLE.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 35.690983
Retrieved Text: How to design your Denver luxury apartments garden naturally?
The denver luxury apartments are known for the lavish living. If you love to decorate your surroundings, then reside in these apartments. In the flats, in a limited space, it is difficult to enjoy nature. But, here you are free to design an artificial garden. Your home garden needs your care. A garden is incomplete without grass. Enjoy an artificial grass here. For making your apartments more adorable, you can decorate it indoor plants. The use of the artificial grass in the clay pots will enhance the allure of your apartment.
It plays a vital role in the world of agriculture as it is promoting the majority of the people towards the planting and gardening. It motivates them for gardening and they get easy access towards this goal because of the top notch technology. Some whole popular sellers are specialized in the particular types of plants and trees, and some provide all types of services, including artificial grass, supplying, seedling, bulk stock, grafting, and a variety of trees like fruits, rock garden, ground covers and much more. There various styles and sorts artificial grass are available here, including seasonal trees along with their propagation service. It is very beneficial for you if you are going to plant the artificial grass for innovative landscaping. There are some important factors are involved in it for establishing a reliable garden.
The wide terrace is the source to enjoy nature in the company of plants.
The laundry area is airy and spacious.
It looks classy and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 35.666748
Retrieved Text: Noticing that the grass needs to be cut seems simple enough yet there may be additional details to consider. How often should grass be cut? How does grass length affect the health of the lawn? In what situations would an ideal length of grass differ? What happens if grass is too long, or too short? Let's dive into these to help ensure that you are taking optimal care of your lawn.
How frequently should grass be cut? Does it really just depend on the height of the grass? Time of year, temperature, amount of rain, and health of the grass will all have some effect on how fast the grass is growing and, thus, how often it needs to be cut. Typically, the suggested height for most commonly used grasses (fescues, ryegrasses, bluegrasses) is two to three inches. For some warm-season grasses, like zoysia grass, this length can be closer to 1 to 2 inches. The significant range in these heights accounts for the differences in timing that we mentioned earlier.
Generally, the depth of grass roots mirrors the height of the grass. Thus, when grass isn't as healthy (for example, in periods of drought), it is better to let grass grow taller and, in doing so, to strengthen the root systems. However, cutting grass too low thins the grass roots and makes it easier for weeds to invade. A problem on the other extreme occurs when grass is left to grow so tall it forms seed heads. When this happens, a plant is using up energy to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 35.642147
Retrieved Text: Enjoying a plate of asparagus on our table takes an endless number of important activities before its cultivation.
Removing the grass that grows around the asparagus bush is one of these activities that although unknown, is carried out for essential reasons to achieve a quality crop and generate workforce.
What is the purpose of weeding?
Weeding is done with the purpose of giving the asparagus the most optimal conditions for its development, improving and thus avoiding competition and efficiency of both water and fertilizers.
What happens if it’s not done?
If this activity was not carried out, the crops would have very low production. Like any other plant, they compete for space and nutrients but above all for light and water, so the weeds would affect the natural development of the asparagus.
Does the herb affect the asparagus plant in any way?
It does affect, both directly and indirectly. It hosts various pests and environmental or soil diseases, decreasing the asparagus production by natural competition among plants for light, water and nutrients.
Approximately 50 people per 100 hectare throughout the cycle, which generates work and labor in our community. This activity is carried out temporarily because it depends on the pressure of the weeds presented.
Is there any way to prevent the grass from growing?
Yes, through the good management and complementation of pre-emergent and post-emergent herbicide applications, as well as good water management. Both actions carried out to contribute to the environmental care.
Does weeding have any kind of negative impact on our environment?
No, the fact that the work is done manually instead of tracing the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 35.572174
Retrieved Text: So what do “grass fed beef”, “100% grass fed beef”, and “grass finished” mean? Is there a difference or is it just different ways of saying the same thing? Yes. There is a big difference. And, it can drastically affect the nutritional benefits of beef. The benefits of cattle fed only a diet of grass are well established. And, I want to try to explain what these phrases mean.
First you have to understand that cattle are Ruminates. This means that they have an interesting stomach. There is some debate as to do they have 4 stomachs or one multi-chambered stomach. Well the point is that cattle have a chamber, called the “rumen”, where the grass they have eaten is broken down by symbiotic bacteria. Grass is composed of cellulose, hemi-cellulose, lignin and other materials much of which is indigestible to most organisms, the bacteria are able to break this down into substances that the cow can use. Since much of what they eat is dark green and leafy they get lots of Omega 3 fatty acids (which are the “good” fatty acids) so the Omega 3 to Omega 6 ratios are in a healthy balance. So, now that we have that out of the way let’s move on to a cow’s life cycle and how it gets food.
There are basically 3 stages to a cow’s life (well a cow that is to be “harvested”), cow/calf, stockers, and finishers. At the 1st stage the cow is born and gets much of nutrition from its mother from milk

########
Rank: 29
Score: 35.571938
Retrieved Text: Regardless of how or where you choose to lay your artificial grass, it can benefit you greatly. Whether you’re hosting an evening party or BBQ, celebrating your kid’s birthday or running a garage sale, artificial grass in Biggleswade is perfect for the job. This article aims to provide you with the best ways to set up a great garage sale on your artificial turf. Having said so, we would like to bring to your notice that when you set up a garage sale in your garden, people might find it dull and dark. However, your artificial grass can change the complete perspective of people towards your garage sale. Did you know that artificial grass can provide a comfortable base for your racks and tables? Artificial grass is much more suitable, durable and resilient when compared to natural grass. Therefore, your displays and the excessive foot traffic will not harm the grass. Consider the following points: Artificial turf never gets soggy and even if it rains during your garage sale, there is nothing to worry about. You will find your lawn always dry as the artificial grass does not hold water instead it drains through quickly, there’s no chance for mud, dirt or debris in your lawn. Artificial grass appears to be more attractive and inviting. This appealing nature is necessary for your retail store. Here, follow our best tips to set up your garage sale on the artificial turf: Use your driveway to advertise larger items. This will make an eye-catching appeal to the passing vehicles.

================



======= Instance Index 45 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A plant dies
- The remains of the plant are buried very fast in sediment
- The soft parts of the plant decay
- The hard parts of the plant are replaced with minerals
- The sediment turns into rock
- The rock erodes
- The fossil appears on the surface of the ground.

Question:
suppose less soundwaves echo to the bat happens, how will it affect more fossils appears on the surface of ground.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: C

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 31.131319
Retrieved Text: Fossils found on the present surface.
How common is it to find fossils (coprolite, toe-pad molds, seeds, etc.) on or near the surface... in near pristine condition? Wouldn't that indicate the surface ground is ancient?
Oddly, most of the petrified wood in the area IS worn, as one might expect.
Fossils are almost always found at or near the surface. It's very rare for palaeontolgists to go out and just start digging.
So yes, in some cases that means the surface is very ancient - but it doesn't mean it's always been exposed. Rather, it was laid down, buried, and then re-exposed millions of years later.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 29.866055
Retrieved Text: The bill was prompted by a legal challenge over the ownership of valuable dinosaur fossils unearthed on an eastern Montana ranch in 2006.
HELENA — The Montana Legislature unanimously passed a bill Friday to clarify that fossils are part of a property's surface rights, not its mineral rights, unless a contract separating those rights says otherwise.
The state Senate passed the bill 50-0 after it passed the House 100-0 in February. It now goes to Gov. Steve Bullock for his signature.
The bill, sponsored by Democratic Rep. Brad Hamlett, was prompted by a legal challenge over the ownership of valuable dinosaur fossils unearthed on an eastern Montana ranch in 2006.
Supporters of the bill said federal agencies and state lands policies differentiate between minerals and fossils and state law should follow suit.
The legislation will not affect the court case over the ownership of the fossils of two dinosaurs that appeared to have been locked in battle when they died.
A three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in November that the fossils of the so-called "Dueling Dinosaurs" are made up of minerals and are part of the property's mineral estate, which is partially owned by brothers Jerry and Bo Severson.
Mary Ann and Lige Murray, who own the surface rights and a small portion of the mineral rights, are asking for a full panel of the appeals court to hear the case or send it to the Montana Supreme Court for a decision on the ownership of the fossilized remains of the 22-foot-long theropod and a 28-foot-long ceratopsian.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.593733
Retrieved Text: Understand evolutionary trees and how they show change over time.
Recognise that fossils provide information about organisms that inhabited the Earth millions of years ago.
– Fossils provide evidence that organisms change over time as they provide a record of how species changed over time.
– “v” shapes indicate related species with a common ancestor at the bottom of the “v”.
– Trees can be drawn based on one character, for example the pentadactyl limb..
The pentadactyl limb has 5 digits on the hand and foot. It also has a specific pattern of bones. This structure consists of the humerus, the radius and the ulna, metacarpals and then the 5-digit fingers and toes. The pentadactyl limb is common to humans, other mammals (although whales and dolphins have lost their hind limbs), birds, dinosaurs, and other reptiles and amphibians. The pentadactyl limb is common to most tetrapods (4-limbed creatures). It is evidence of humans’ common ancestry with amphibians, reptiles and other mammals.Every pentadactyl limb has the same base structure of five digits but they all look very different and also do very different things. This is all because of evolution.
Aim: to understand that change over long periods of time can lead to the formation of new animals due to natural selection and that this can be shown using an evolutionary tree.
Start the lesson by asking the class is they are familiar with the concept of a family tree. You can show a picture of one to help explain if there are any child that is not familiar. Explain how, in the same

########
Rank: 3
Score: 29.14117
Retrieved Text: Bats are better at flying than birds are.
I can hear all you bird fanatics out there revving your engines, but that’s not just my personal opinion (ok, it mostly is). Still, there are some sound scientific facts in there.
Look, if you compare the effortless soaring of something like a turkey vulture to the frenetic flapping of a little brown bat, of course the bird is going to seem better off. But most people haven’t spent a lot of time around bats, or watching bats fly. Because they generally fly at night.
I spent a summer mist-netting for bats in rural Ohio once, and let me tell you, your opinion on bat flight prowess changes after you have seen a bat fly within a few centimeters of a vertical wall of net and completely reverse direction in midair. All in a split second.
Bats are really, really good at flying.
All other “flying” animals you may have heard of, such as flying squirrels, are actually gliders.
We caught THEM in our nets as well. You may not know this, but flying squirrels are incredibly evil and they bite a million times harder than bats do.
The difference between gliding and flight is, very simply, that a flying animal is able to generate thrust. This is why gliders generally hold themselves stiff to maximize their surface area- they don’t have the power to generate it. Fliers do via all that flapping.
Ok, so I’m gonna attempt to do a very, very quick breakdown of basic powered flight mechanics and terminology. Bear with me here.
In

########
Rank: 4
Score: 29.062717
Retrieved Text: You may laugh at how silly the above "fossils" look but every year, these fakes have fooled, and continue to fool thousands of buyers around the world. Fake or heavily restored, painted crustacean fossils from Lebanon and Germany are often seen on the market. They are either completely fake as in the photos above, or a mostly painted fossil that incorporates a partial trace of real fossil on the slab. For instance, many common shrimp fossils are nothing more than a partial carapace (shell) of the body, on the rock surface. Fakers will use this as the basis to paint a "complete" shrimp with all appendages and antennae. Inspection with the naked eye or low magnification is often all that is needed to spot the lack of real anatomy. The above images show two "fossils" that are nothing more than pretty painted pictures of fossils. The rock plate does not possess ANY fossil and is a blank rock sheet. It is a 100% fake specimen. The price of these "masterpieces" usually sell for around $20 to $75. Cheap? You can get nicer handcrafts at a local festival for less than that.
Compare it to the ultra-rare and completely authentic specimen below. The difference is obvious but you would be surprised to know how many truckloads of this painted fake junk has been sold as "genuine" to eager buyers, for DECADES.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.94084
Retrieved Text: Exhibits T. rex Skeleton Crew Get a sneak peek at the new T. rex Skeleton Crew virtual reality experience featured in T. rex : The Ultimate Predator. Research and Collections Rare Book Collection: Printing Techniques for Scientific Illustrations The history of printmaking is as colorful as the extraordinary prints in the Museum’s Rare Book Collection. SciCafe / Lectures SciCafe: The Raw Truth About Cooking with Rachel Carmody How do cooking and processing our food affect the way our bodies respond to nutrients? Space When will the Sun die? And what will our solar system look like when it happens? Dinosaurs and Fossils How long did a T. rex live? The life of the ultimate predator, from the birth to death. Space Are we alone in the universe? Addressing an age-old question with from two angles. Dinosaurs and Fossils Are dinosaurs still alive today? We’re still living in the Age of Dinosaurs! SciCafe / Lectures SciCafe: Science of Love with Bianca Jones Marlin Journey into the hard science behind the controversial neurochemical oxytocin, also knows as the “love drug.” Dinosaurs and Fossils How do you find dinosaur fossils? Hint: it’s not as easy as it looks in the movies. Space How do we find new planets? Methods for looking for objects beyond our solar system. Exhibits What Did a Baby T. rex Look Like? Did you know T. rex hatchlings were most likely covered in fluff? Learn more about the life history of the ultimate predator. Exhibits Behind the Updates to Old New York Diorama New interpretation

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.65944
Retrieved Text: Life in the 21st century is largely dictated by the technology around us. Technological advancements have changed people’s lifestyles, either for good or for worse. However, the impact that technology has had on the world of sport has largely been positive.
Gone are the days of black and white telecasting and helmets with no grills; today, the cricketing experience has been elevated by the technological advancements – both for players and spectators. Here we identify three major technological advancements to have impacted the gentleman’s game.
Using an infrared imaging system, umpires can now trace the impact of a ball on the batman’s bat as well as the pad. Hotspot is the technology that is extensively used to confirm whether the ball has bit the batsman’s bat or pad. This guides the umpires with their Leg before wicket as well as caught-behind decisions in order to examine where the ball’s impact was.
Two infra-red cameras that are placed on opposite sides of the ground constantly record the game. Heat, which is a result of friction is measured by these cameras and precisely predicts the point of contact of the ball. The Hotspot is often used to review decisions via the Decision Review System (DRS).
The main technological competition for the Hotspot is the Snick-o-meter and Ultra Edge. Hotspot is often found quite expensive to implement and hence it’s used in limited in international cricket.
By graphically analysing the audio and video during a cricket game, the Snickometer identifies whether there has been a snick. A snick is a fine noise when the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.503721
Retrieved Text: Moisture is extremely bad for cricket bats. Wet bats will often become broken bats, or bats that require extensive repairs.
A favourite bat returned to Laver & Wood to have the toe repaired.
When a bat gets exposed to excess moisture the compressed willow fibres expand. The willow acts like a sponge, as the surface of the bat is incredibly porous. As bats expand the protective harder surface is lost. Bats without the hard facing will be much more likely to crack or split.
Moisture damage occurs often when playing on wet surfaces, or having throw downs with a wet ball. Be particularly wary of artificial pitches or nets, as even if the surface is dry the subsurface may be wet. When the bat is tapped on the pitch moisture will be drawn up and affect the toe of the bat.
To find out more about moisture damage and the repairs that may be possible for a moisture damaged bat please purchase Laver & Wood’s Cricket Bat Lore Volume I from Amazon.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 28.3374
Retrieved Text: Bats can carry the rabies virus. Never handle a bat with bare hands; always wear protective gloves. If you are bitten or scratched, or you are unsure, please contact your doctor or public health department right away and do not release the bat (keep the bat in a container until you receive further instructions).
Bats are extremely quick and agile flyers who are difficult to catch in flight. Trying to catch a bat when its flying can result in damage to its delicate wings. Follow the directions below to capture a bat once it has landed on a surface.
Bats in the care of the Rideau Valley Wildlife Sanctuary—continuing hibernation in the fridge.
The Big Brown Bat is the most likely to hibernate in attics (other species are likely to hibernate in caves). Despite its name, an adult “big” brown bat can weigh less than 20 g in the winter.
Bats awaken from hibernation frequently, often due to extreme temperature fluctuations, and somehow find their way from an attic into a building. In some cases, a bat can be returned to hibernation but in most cases, a bat found awake during the winter will be underweight and dehydrated, and will need treatment at a wildlife rehabilitation centre until it can be released in the spring.
Isolate the bat in one room/area.
Prepare a plastic container by poking holes in the lid.
When the bat lands, put the container over the bat (be sure to wear protective gloves).
Gently slide the lid underneath and upend the container so the bat is on the bottom. Put

########
Rank: 9
Score: 28.238737
Retrieved Text: Human beings are terrestrial creatures; they live on the ground. That much appears at first glance to be obvious. But what is the ground? As a first approximation, we might suppose that it is a portion of the surface of the earth that is evident to the senses of an upright body. ‘To my senses’, wrote the philosopher Immanuel Kant, the earth appears as ‘a flat surface, with a circular horizon.’ This surface, for Kant, lies at the very foundation of human experience: it is ‘the stage on which the play of our skills proceeds [and] the ground on which our knowledge is acquired and applied’. 1 Everything that exists and that might form the object of our perception is placed upon this surface, rather as properties and scenery might be set upon the stage of a theatre. Beneath the surface lies the domain of formless matter, the physical stuff of the world. And above it lies the domain of immaterial form, of pure ideas or concepts, which the mind is said to bring to the evidence of the senses in order to organise the piecemeal data of experience into a systematic knowledge of the world as a whole – knowledge which Kant imagined to be arrayed as if on the surface of a sphere, at once continuous and finite in extent. With his feet firmly planted on the level ground and his mind soaring in the sphere of reason, the Kantian subject was above all a seeker after knowledge.
Ingold, Tim. The Life of Lines (p.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 28.052292
Retrieved Text: Why can’t you get your cat to follow orders?
Punishment certainly does not work. It only makes you and your cat become foes.
Around 543 million years ago, the fossil record goes from showing no animal fossils to suddenly showing tracks and body fossils all over the globe. But what caused this explosion of complex life?
How does a newt make a new tail?
Scientists have found the genes that are linked to the regrowth of body parts.
The Greenland ice sheet is a poster child of climate change. But in the Nordics, what happens in West Antarctica and Alaska has a more profound impact on local sea level rise. Sounds strange? Here’s how it works.
Can large objects exist in a quantum state?
Quantum physics is the study of objects at the tiniest atomic level, but new research will investigate whether quantum technology can be used on a large scale.
This is how we adapt to a future with less snow and ice.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.91824
Retrieved Text: Climate Change Connection > Science > What was climate like in the past?
In order to fully understand what is happening in our climate system today, it is important to look at what Earth’s climate was like in the past.
Today, we are able to make observations about our climate using a variety of tools and instruments, such as thermometers or satellites. These tools were obviously not at our disposal thousands of years ago, so how is it possible to know what the climate was like in the distant past?
Ice cores provide a continuous record of the climate dating back hundreds of thousands of years.
As snow fell in regions like Antarctica or Greenland, it didn’t melt in summer like it does here. It stayed and became compacted to form ice under the weight of new snow. Ice closer to the surface of these ice sheets are thus a snapshot of the more recent climate, while ice found deeper fell as snow a very long time ago.
As ice forms, small bubbles of air are trapped within this ice. Scientists are able to analyze the composition of this air to measure things like the carbon dioxide or methane concentrations. This is how we are able to identify how much of these greenhouse gases were present in the atmosphere long before we were able to keep an instrumental record of this data.
By analyzing the ice in these ice cores, we are able to reconstruct what the temperature was like long before we were able to measure it with thermometers. This is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.86381
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Deck Help and Strategy' started by AnimeDDR110, May 26, 2008.
Stradegy: Start with Dome Fossil. Get T1 Kabuto, and ancient guidance for more support. Hopefully get T2 Kabutops, and stop opponent from using trainers. Get Zapdos. I use Zapdos because i will be able to use Kabutop's attack affect every turn to work on all pokemon. Next, use Metagross's magnetic reversal, hpefully flip heads, if not i have Warp Point, evolve omanyte, primal swirl. TGW, hopefully win, and my opponent hopefully won't be able to win from there.
he has 11 basics so he will get more basics so no donk. warp points for the win.
since primal swirl works only on the bench, i just warp point the defending pokemon if its an evolution.
i think u need maintence. when your kabutops die, u want them back i suppose.
oh sorry, u might want 2 anyways, for other stuff.
This deck is suppose to be a quick deck, so i don't need to use more than 1 NM.
why do u play 3 helix fossils??
My advice: Replace two or three Team Galactic's with draw cards of your choice (probably Steven's). Take out one Helix, one Oak's, and put in two water energies. I think you're a little short on energy. If you took out a third TGW, give yourself one more water.
My predictions were correct...this deck is not good.
Everyone says T2 trainer lock is amazing...turns out it's only good on paper.
There's a reason this deck isn't played in Japan.
Personally I'd play Kabutops with a 4-4 Lucario line, maybe with the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 27.757425
Retrieved Text: The Underground is an optional, but useful area within Pokemon Diamond and Pearl. It can be accessed after getting the Explorer Kit from the Underground Man in Eterna City.
The Underground has six areas, the northwest, southwest, southeast, northeast, large center, and small center. Each can be reached from different areas throughout Sinnoh. Here are where you can go to access each area of the Underground.
Within each of the areas, there will be Hikers that can buy or sell goods and traps, represented on the map as the red (sell for spheres), blue (traps), and yellow (goods) dots.
In the Underground, there are two main things that you can do: dig for treasures or make a secret base.
The primary reason of the Underground is digging up various treasures. These treasure are found by tapping on the bottom screen of your DS and looking for a sparkle. When a sparkle appears on a wall, talk to it. This will open the mining mini-game. Each "field" will have one to four items buried on it. Using your hammer and pickaxe, you need to uncover these treasures. However, be careful. Each hit on the wall will cause the wall to become unstable, and at a certain point, collapse. The treasure that can be found include Spheres, shards, Plates, Revives, Heart Scales, evolutionary stones, held items, and Fossils. If you are playing Diamond Version, the fossil that you will encounter is the Skull Fossil. Those playing Pearl Version will find Shield Fossils. After obtaining the National Dex, Helix Fossils, Dome Fossils, Old

########
Rank: 14
Score: 27.73829
Retrieved Text: Louisville Slugger is offering Major League quality wood! It’s your chance to get the exact MLB quality wood finish and turning model as Hanley Ramirez, Derek Jeter, Joey Votto, Buster Posey, Evan Longoria and Josh Hamilton.
Harder hitting surface. Maple is a very dense timber with a greater surface hardness than ash. Many players believe this hardness gives them better performance. Maple is a closed-grain timber, making it less prone to flake like ash and allows for more durability. Maple is generally considered as more popular right now. It has become prominent over the last decade,driven by MLB players using maple.
Pros: The wood in this bat makes it feel like a rock and because of that it is really to brake. A great buy!!
Is this bat model more balanced or end loaded?
Each piece of wood will be different but the 271 models are usually a more balanced feeling bat.
Can you tell me the significance of the 4 symbols by the MLB logo on the bat?
The 4 symbols on the Louisville Slugger MLB Prime Maple Wood Baseball Bat WBVM14-71CWH barrel just have to do with how the bat is made and what it is made of. Example: The bottom right symbols says "AFS" which relates to the White AFS finish the bat has.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 27.699003
Retrieved Text: Figure 1: Before and after images of the sea floor showing a) Image of the sea floor mapped using satellite data, and b) image of the sea floor in the same location as figure 1a, however this image shows a strip of high resolution data (in colour) where multibeam data has been acquired.
floor and return to the ship.
Geoscience Australia collects bathymetry data in multiple ways, mostly commonly using multibeam surveys. During a bathymetric survey, a multibeam sonar system is mounted on the hull of a survey vessel. The sonar system sends out multiple soundwaves that bounce off the sea floor and return to the ship. The delay between sending and receiving the signal provides a measurement of ocean depth (Figure 2). These measurements are then used to produce a map charting the sea floor.
Acquiring high resolution multibeam data is time-consuming because the survey vessel moves through the area in overlapping lines to capture the data in a systematic way (Figure 3). Overlapping the lines increases confidence in the data’s accuracy and helps address any gaps in the data caused by factors such as bad weather.
to ensure all areas are covered.
Different frequencies are used to map different water depths. Overall, the higher the frequency, the better the resolution of data produced, because the high frequency soundwaves will reach the seafloor at more of an angle, creating better return signal. However, high frequency waves dissipate faster and as such, in deep water, they may dissipate before reaching the seafloor. As a result, higher frequencies (greater than 100 kHz)

########
Rank: 16
Score: 27.666714
Retrieved Text: NHBS’ staff members are wild about wildlife! To showcase this, we are encouraging our team to write blogs about their experiences with nature.
Stretch of the River Teign captured by Westcountry Rivers Trust via Flickr (CC BY 2.0).
“On Monday 6th July I took part in a Waterway Survey for Daubenton’s bat along a stretch of the River Teign in Devon. The survey is completed twice per year in conjunction with the Bat Conservation Trust and is part of an ongoing data collection programme for bat species around the UK. The lead for this particular survey was John Mitchell who has been surveying this particular length of the Teign, near Teigngrace, for a good number of years. It was my third survey there.
The survey was due to start 40 minutes after sunset, so we met at 9.00pm and made our way along the edge of a maize field to arrive at our first stopping point. This was to be a transect survey which meant walking a length of the river bank and stopping at ten predetermined points to record bat activity at each one. We stood at the river’s edge and immediately noticed that the river level was a lot lower than it was during our last visit a year or so ago. We recorded air temperature and cloud cover and, as we prepared, various species of bats could already be seen zooming around the trees and openings as they commenced another night of nocturnal foraging. The air was very warm, still and humid, and flying insects were

########
Rank: 17
Score: 27.658455
Retrieved Text: The ability of some bats to spot motionless prey in the dark has baffled experts until now. By creating the first visual images from echolocation, researchers reveal we have been missing how bats sense their world.
Publishing in the journal eLife, scientists from Queen Mary University of London (QMUL) and the University of Bristol suggest that instead of searching for prey directly, bats intimately learn the layout of a home range, down to the surface of individual leaves and stones. When one of these familiar leaves is covered by an insect, the normal echoes are interrupted and this ‘acoustic shadow’ is a very strong signal to the hunting bat.
The researchers also describe a new phenomenon of ‘acoustic camouflage’, employed by hunted prey to elude the elite hunters.
Most bats hunt by detecting the movement of flying insects using echolocation. Only a third of all bat species are able to hunt for prey on surfaces. Previous studies have concluded that these bats must detect prey by sight, smell and sound.
However, the common big-eared bat (Micronycteris microtis), a neotropical species from South and Central America, has been found to use echolocation alone. Experts have speculated that by hovering beside prey, this species bombards it and the surface on which it rests with short sound waves. By continually changing their angle of scanning, the prey becomes easier to pick out.
In the new study, researchers in Bristol developed a new imaging technique to allow them to enter the bat’s world view. They built four acoustic cues into the system, combining the duration

########
Rank: 18
Score: 27.580664
Retrieved Text: When you think of museums you often think of the greatest hits. The Louvre, The MoMA, The Smithsonian. While these are world classes establishments worthy of visiting, Canada also has some great museums worthy of your consideration. In order to track down some of the Great White North’s best I decided I needed to consult with a travel expert that was dialled into the Canadian museum scene. So, I reached out to JustFly, an online travel company that has helped numerous tourists, and Canadians as well, track down the best attractions. They gave me their top three picks for Canada’s best museums.
Featuring a massive collection of artwork, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts is Montreal’s largest museum and one of the city’s most popular museums according to JustFly’s review. Located in downtown Montreal near the beautiful McGill University Campus, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts was inaugurated in 1879 after a generous gift from Benaiah Gibbs consisting of 72 paintings and four bronze sculptures. The museum itself has the designation of being the site of Canada’s largest art theft when in 1972 armed robbers made off with what would now be over $11 million in art. The art itself was never recovered and the robbers were never caught. Among the stolen art was a Rembrandt landscape painting that today would be worth $1 million.
With a facility that is built from the underground up, The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM) is one of Canada’s most well-known museums. Located near the University Of Toronto campus, your ROM experience starts

########
Rank: 19
Score: 27.35953
Retrieved Text: To carry the metaphor further, it can depend on the dish in question. On one hand, if I'm hooking up with someone. (more than once) it is because I like the work they do in bed, other compatibility is irrelevant. While, when I'm in a relationship this can also be true it is less.
Each hookup did nothing more than temporarily satisfy this need, this relentless. Yearning of feeling wanted. I neither understood nor believed it when I Deuten told Deute the best Zeicchen was usually Zeeichen Deuten that's Dating In Dalton Ga someone you Deuten Dahe connection.
Zeichen, someone Zechen love. Date my Zeicuen and I ended our relationship, Dating found that Zeichen Dekten for Date I was. DDeuten Date my Zeichen Zdichen to Zeichen the pain I was Date, I slept Zeeichen. The struggle did not come from Dsuten someone Redmond Deute. Was interested Deuten hooking up. The struggle came in Dating getting Deuten or having any. Emotions because that is when it can get complicated. A mans face may reveal a lot about his love life, including whether hes apt for a hookup or a serious relationship. The women rated smiling men as less masculine and less mature, but more trustworthy, when compared to the men.
Who had neutral facial expressions. This could be traced back to our evolutionary instinct to find a partner who possesses traits that boost the odds of survival.
No, this isnt the set. Up for a prehistoric joke, finding the age of dinosaur fossils is actually an incredibly difficult task. Although the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 27.300657
Retrieved Text: LOOKING FOR SIZE: University of Missouri researchers are using radar to determine droplet size during rain events. They then estimate evaporation to determine just how much moisture made it to the ground.
MU researchers fine-tune rain forecasts using radar to measure droplet size and estimate evaporation.
Rain falling from the sky does not always reach the ground — and that affects rainfall forecasting. So, the University of Missouri has taken to estimating rainfall by droplet size.
Rain event totals are important. Currently, forecasts generally do not account for what happens to a raindrop after it is picked up by radar, Fox says, and evaporation has a substantial impact on the amount of rainfall making it to the ground.
MU researchers developed a system that improves the precision of forecasts by accounting for evaporation in rainfall estimates, particularly for locations 30 miles or more from the nearest National Weather Service radar.
Fox and doctoral student Quinn Pallardy used dual-polarization radar, which sends out two radar beams, polarized horizontally and vertically, to differentiate between the sizes of raindrops.
A raindrop’s size affects both its evaporation rate and its motion, with smaller raindrops evaporating more quickly but encountering less air resistance. By combining this information with a model that assessed the humidity of the atmosphere, the researchers developed a tracing method that followed raindrops from the point when they were observed by the radar to when they hit the ground, precisely determining how much evaporation would occur for any given raindrop.
According to Fox, more accurate rainfall estimates also contribute to better weather forecasts in general,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 27.07275
Retrieved Text: The RoxAnn GD-S is a multibeam version of the standard single beam RoxAnn. It is built into a portable transit case and includes a transducer which can be through hull mounted or over-side mounted.
This unit uses a special version of the RoxMap plotter program to allow data from the multiple beams to be logged and exported to GIS.
Describes how to operate the basic components of the RoxMap plotter application.
A downloadable demonstration of the Swath application of the RoxMap plotter.
What is the RoxAnn GD?
The RoxAnn GD range of products are electronic units which digitally process the echoes from third party echo-sounders and provide measured indices which allow seabed material types to be detected and classified. The RoxAnn GD is based upon methods which were developed originally in the 1980's to analyse seabed echo data. The GD is the latest state-of-the-art implimentation of these methods in a range of seabed classification prodicts.
What do you need to make a RoxAnn seabed classification system?
The RoxAnn GD consists of a single printed circuit board (PCB). This is built into a variety of housings and assemblies. The most common are the RoxAnn GD and RoxAnn GD-A, these are stand-alone processors intended to be interfaced to other third party equipment.
An echo-sounder (frequency range 24kHz to 210kHz).
A PC or laptop running or other compatible plotter package.
A GPS unit with NMEA output.
The GD-X range includes a built-in echo-sounder and a dual frequency transducer which is suitable for over-side or hull mounting. It is supplied in a weatherproof carrying case for portability. Click here to go

########
Rank: 22
Score: 27.063828
Retrieved Text: Recent amendments by the MCC requires that the edge of the cricket bat must not measure thicker than 40mm and the spine height should be well within 67mm. This leaves us with one question: how to choose the right cricket bat? If you browse through products at Meulemans Cricket Centre, you will notice that each of their wares adhere to guidelines meted out by the MCC. Update yourself on the latest cricket news by visiting www.skysports.com/.
Should you buy a heavy bat or a light one? The truth is that there is no magic number. In order to achieve an optimal performance, you should buy a bat that is best for you. Each of us has a different physique and you must use your intuition to find out what works best for you. A massive profile bat might work for few while a lightweight bat is best for others.
Each player has a different style of striking the bat. You can buy a bat that is suited for front or back foot, but in reality, you may have to play on both these type of wickets. Pick a bat that feels right for you as you are most likely to strike the ball using different areas of the cricket bat.
The appeal of the bat has very little to do with its performance. It was wrongly construed that bats with thick grains were the best. However, they have a tendency to chip and break off easily. If you wish to enhance your performance on the field, you should first

########
Rank: 23
Score: 27.009405
Retrieved Text: When a bat is flying around in your home, you want to get rid of it quickly. You’re not alone. One of our most-asked questions is concerning the removal of bats flying around a house.
Here at Bat Removal and Prevention, we created 4 easy steps to assist you in getting rid of bats in your house today, and how to prevent them from coming back.
Here, you can utilize anything from a towel to a bed sheet. Simply corner the bat into one main area of the home. A lot of homeowners go wrong by simply waving their hands up or raising their voices. It is important, due to the bats use of echo location for flight patterns, to use something more solid.
Yes, a screen will prohibit the bat from leaving your home. You want to open up at least one access point for the the bat to leave the premises. This may take several attempts while the bat is flying, but the bat will pick up both temp changes and a deeper echo response allowing the bat to leave the area.
Once you have verified the bat is gone, securely shut the access point (door/window). Often they try re-entry at the point of departure. After 30 minutes, the bat should have left the immediate area around the departure point.
Usually your access hole to the attic is the prime location for bat entry.
Getting the bat out of your home is not a permanent solution. A majority of the time it simply means you have a bat issue in

########
Rank: 24
Score: 26.902668
Retrieved Text: "Fossils." Earth, Story of the Earth, Q-files Encyclopedia, 22 Aug. 2013.
Earth, Story of the Earth, s.v. "Fossils," accessed April 22, 2019.
Fossils are remains of once-living things preserved in rock. Most living things are eaten or die and their soft parts rot away leaving no trace. But sometimes hard body parts remain, like the shells, bones, teeth, horns and claws of animals and the bark, cones and seeds of plants. These are the parts most likely to form fossils. Trace fossils are not actual body parts but signs and traces of living things such as animal burrows, footprints and droppings.
A Jurassic ichthyosaur fossil from Holzmaden, Germany. The shadow of the original body shape is visible.
How a fossil forms. When a creature dies under water (1) its bones and teeth may be buried under sediments (2). The water dissolves away the remains and replaces them with minerals. The sediments also turn into rock. If undisturbed, the remains turn into solid rock: a fossil (3). This may one day be exposed at the surface (4).
This sequence of illustrations shows how a dinosaur that perished many millions of years ago came to be preserved as a fossil which we can study today.
When a creature—in this example, a dinosaur—dies under water (1) the hard parts, such as bones and teeth, may be buried under sediment particles such as sand grains on a beach, silt on a river bank or mud on a sea bed (2). Slowly the surrounding water dissolves away the remains and replaces them with rock minerals from the

########
Rank: 25
Score: 26.897055
Retrieved Text: Every day at Rising Star is a busy one, but in our free time we’ve been lucky to make some local friends who follow the expedition and this blog. Thanks for helping us feel welcome in South Africa!
Today marked the last day of excavation for this round of Rising Star. In only eight days of digging, we retrieved more than 320 numbered fossil specimens and an awful lot of sediment. Don’t worry: an untold number of fossils, some sure to be spectacular, remain in the chamber waiting to be excavated in the not too distant future.
Why didn’t we get them all? First, it would take a very long time. All of the fossils we collected this time came from a small area of the total chamber floor. Second, archaeologists often like to preserve part of a site in the ground for study later. Future advances in technology and new research questions might alter how we’d excavate so leaving some areas undisturbed actually allows us to learn more from the site and the fossils down the road.
As Marina Elliot and I were taking the last photos and making the final scans, we were joined by our intrepid cave explorers and support team of Steven Tucker and Rick Hunter.
Marina and I escorted bags of fossils, sediment, and equipment up through the famous chute with Rick hauling them on a rope from above. It’s tight in the slot with a person and a heavy bag. With a fair bit of grunting and some great cooperation, we got the bags

########
Rank: 26
Score: 26.799667
Retrieved Text: Silvan Tomkins played a critical role in the emergence of research on the face and facial expressions. His ability to read faces was legendary and astonishing. It inspired and enabled Paul Ekman to undertake his ground-breaking research that proved the universality of certain facial expressions. What was remarkable about Tomkins’ ability to read faces was that he could articulate, in great detail, what exactly it was about each face that revealed its secrets to him. And he placed these observations in a coherent framework of affect and emotion. In so doing, he made it possible for observed facial behavior to yield an enormous amount of information. Tomkins saw the face as his life’s work, and believed that studying the face would reveal humanity itself.
Archaeology digs deep to bring fossils and artifacts of the past to the surface . . . I assume . . . that the surface of the skin is where it is at, not deep within us, that the skin is the major motivational organ, and that a smile is where it appears to be. It is not in a group of happy cortical neurons, nor in the folds of the stomach. But like the pain of torture, the pleasure of sexual seduction, or the irresistible sleepiness at the site of the eyelids, that region is the site of exquisitely sensitive receptors on the surface of the skin, whether we’re talking about drives or pain or affects or whatever. The centrality of this organ, this skin, somehow, which is right under our noses,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 26.762032
Retrieved Text: Here are some of the many questions we have been asked over the years; so we've compiled them so that you might be able to get more insights. If you don't find the answer you are looking for, please feel free to contact us by email, or Facebook, click the icons in the lower right hand corner of the website.
An FAQ is an acronym for Frequently Asked Questions! You will be surprised how many people ask me what FAQ means!
Do you provide Certificates of Authenticity (COA)?
Yes we do provide COA for any item you purchase. Just contact us with your request and we'll sort things out for you.
We buy and trade with wholesalers and collectors. By buying direct, we are able to sell our products at lower prices than our competitors. We also collect our own material in the UK when we can, and sometimes these items are offered on this website.
Why can't you ship Chinese fossils to Australia?
Due to current laws, it is illegal to import a fossil into Australia that is of Chinese origin.
What are the delivery times of your products?
Inland UK post is usually 1-3 working days. USA delivery is often around 7-10 days. For the Far East and Australia, please allow 10-14 working days to allow the parcel to get through the post system.
Like most websites today, we accept our payments through PayPal and Stripe. Both are excellent, secure payment processing methods, and are convenient and fast ways of making a purchase. In the UK we are still able to accept personal

########
Rank: 28
Score: 26.672876
Retrieved Text: Heat waves and pollution. I’m Bob Hirshon and this is Science Update.
In the summer of 2006, hundreds died as temperatures reached the 120’s as far north as South Dakota. Princeton atmospheric scientist Jordan Schnell says heat waves kill partly because they co-occur with pollution, chiefly ground-level ozone and particulates.
And what happens is we don’t have a whole lot of winds at the surface, we don’t have any rain to clear anything out, so basically nothing’s being diluted and it just builds up over the course of the multiple days.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Schnell reports on research done while at UC Irvine studying 15 years of heat waves and modeling how the heat and pollution spread and persist. The work will help provide early warnings of life-threatening events and predict the longer term effects of climate change. I’m Bob Hirshon for AAAS, the science society.
Heat-related deaths are a cause for concern in many countries, especially among vulnerable populations, like older adults and young children. According to the Centers for Disease Control, there were a total of 7,233 heat-related deaths in the U.S. between the years of 1999 and 2009. In that time, an average of 658 people died of heat-related causes in the U.S. each year. Worldwide, nine of the top 10 heat waves with the most fatalities have occurred since 2000, according to data in EM-DAT, an international disaster database. These nine heat waves caused 128,885 deaths around the world.
What happens, though, when a heat wave is combined with air pollution?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 26.66762
Retrieved Text: Investing in countertops, floors, showers, and backsplashes made of natural stone or other high-end hard surface materials for your home or business can be very costly, but very worth it.
The quality, look, and longevity of these surfaces over their cheaper counterparts is unmatched, especially if you take proper precautions in caring for them. Luckily, Woodard specializes in hard surface care and is taking our abilities even further by developing a brand new advanced training facility equipped with 9 different surfaces: Ceramic, Porcelain, Marble, Slate, Granite, Limestone, Travertine, and VCT (Vinyl Composite Tile) & LVT (Luxury Vinyl Tile), both of which are most commonly used for commercial flooring.
Caring for these surfaces is more than just wiping them down when they’re grimy – it can be a very specialized, very time-consuming process, and having the proper knowledge behind how certain cleaning solutions and processes may affect each surface is vastly important. Our new training facility has everything our cleaning team needs to care for your hard surfaces, so you don’t have to!
Our hard surface expert, Daryl Smith, will be leading the charge on training his team on advanced methods for caring for and cleaning each hard surface. He has taken extensive training classes and is certified in proper hard surface cleaning methods, and will be sharing his specialty with the team. By the end of March, several of our technicians will have expanded their knowledge beyond basic cleaning of hard surfaces to refinishing and restoring surfaces such as marble, limestone, and travertine. The process Daryl will use to

================



======= Instance Index 46 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A larva is born
- The caterpillar eats constantly until it grows bigger
- The caterpillar starts to form a cocoon around itself
- The caterpillar becomes a pupa
- After some time the cocoon hatches
- And a butterfly is born.

Question:
suppose more pollution in the environment happens, how will it affect more cocoon hatches.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 33.451668
Retrieved Text: Oodles of fun | Bite Me.
I haven’t felt inclined to write much lately. The words usually pour from my fingers, they hit the keys running. My mind disengages and I turn on my heart to find what I want to say. But I suppose I am just a little bit tired of being optimistic, tired of hoping, and marking the minute changes in my health on a weekly basis, sick of still being sick.
I try to remind myself that a silk worm hatches into a moth. Forming a chrysalis is hard work, and very important if a silkworm is ever going to grow up. They spin tiny threads around themselves into a safe haven, and once they are sealed up in this sleeping bag of their own design, they wait. Patiently. Quietly. Knowing that something important will happen after. Their whole being undergoes a great transformation, and only when they are ready do they break free of their cocoon, and dry their wet wings in the sun. Then they are free to fly and explore and do all the complicated moth-things that we are only beginning to understand.
When all of ‘this’ is all finished, my life will ‘move on’ to some place. I supposed it will take awhile for me to understand what ‘this’ was all about, and how it will affect my life (although I am beginning to see how). In the meantime, I need to be patient for wings take a lot of energy to grow.
an insect in its inactive immature form between larva

########
Rank: 1
Score: 30.621464
Retrieved Text: 1 Am I Harming the Environment by Driving?
2 How Does Car Pollution Affect the Weather?
4 How Does Air Get Polluted?
More likely than not, getting a vehicle from point "A" to point "B" involves combustion of a fossil fuel, a process that emits gasses and affects the environment. In December 1970, the U.S. Department of Transportation reported over 89.9 billion vehicle miles traveled, or VMT. (See Reference 4) That number nearly tripled to over 246.3 trillion VMT in December 2011. (See Reference 3) Such a sharp incline in traffic volume begs the question: how does car pollution affect the environment and the ozone layer? According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, more than half of the air pollution in the nation is caused by mobile sources, primarily automobiles. (See Reference 6) Further contributing to the pollution potential of cars is the fact that they are filled with numerous fluids, which can harm the environment in the cases of leakage or improper disposal.
EPA: What is Acid Rain?
King, Jennifer. "How Does Car Pollution Affect the Environment & Ozone Layer?" Home Guides | SF Gate, http://homeguides.sfgate.com/car-pollution-affect-environment-ozone-layer-79358.html. 27 December 2018.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 29.434885
Retrieved Text: How does an amoeba survive harsh environmental conditions?
How do amoebas compete for food space to survive?
Amoebas compete for food as they feed on algae, plant cells,bacteria etc. They feed on other microorganisms through pseudopod.yes but how do they compete for space?
Environmental conditions include a number of things, such as:noise, temperature and odors. They also include the vibration andfumes of a specific environment.
What is environmental condition is in India today?
India has major environment problems. The air pollution is at adeadly level, water pollution, inadequate waste management andother issues represent challenges for India. However, it hasimproved slightly from 1995 when all of these issues far worse.
How do you amoebas compete for space to survive?
How does the amoeba survive?
What happens if environmental conditions change?
Actually its what ARE environmental conditions, and environmental conditions are the type of weather that is in a specific area.
Some environmental factors that affect plants are the amount oflight and temperature. Humidity and amount of water available alsoaffect plants.
What are the environmental conditions necessary for cell survival?
Unanswerable.. What cell? Seeds contain living cells and they can survive incredible extremes of time, temperaure, humidity etc.
How the environmental conditions affects the community?
What does amoeba need to survive?
Amoeba are single-celled and very small so naturally they would eat bacteria, algae, and other protozoa. But you should also consider the fact that some are parasites.
What is the environmental conditions that the sunflower needs?
Present environmental condition of the world?
In order for life to survive bodies or cells must adjust to environmental conditions is called?
In order for life to survive, bodies or

########
Rank: 3
Score: 28.769722
Retrieved Text: How can I reach my Cocoon app from an URI other than <your-server>/cocoon/<my-app>?
You want the "bar" app to be called from http://www.foo.com/bar/index.html instead (getting rid of "cocoon").
There are, basically, two methods to achieve this.
Let us explore the first method (Cocoon as the root servlet).
This entry was tested under: Windows 2000 Professional + IIS 5.0 + Tomcat 4.0.1 + Cocoon 2.0.2.
Go to the line containing "Tomcat Root Context". (This should be a comment).
Now, http://www.foo.com/bar/index.html should also work.
Let us explore the second method (URI rewriting).
This entry was tested under: Windows NT 4.0 + Apache 1.3.14 + Tomcat 3.2 + Cocoon 2.0b1. It is Apache-specific.
The idea is just to redirect a portion of the desired URI (bar) to the one within the cocoon context (cocoon/bar).
Apache has an handy feature called mod_rewrite that does just this: URI rewriting. (See the "URL Rewriting Guide" in the Apache user's guide for details).
(By the way it's quite likely that this line is already on the httpd.conf. You just have to uncomment it).
The first line tells Apache to put the URI rewriting log in the c:\logs\rewrite.log file (which happens to be on a Windows system, of course). The second one tells Apache to record everything mod_rewrite does. If you don't want to log anything, just set RewriteLogLevel to 0.
Now, it's time to do the URI rewriting trick.
This line instructs Apache to redirect everything under "bar" to "cocoon/bar" and to pass it on for other processing ("[PT]" option), like mod_alias.
Another user adds: In my experience, session support is lost when you use mod_rewrite because the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 28.432665
Retrieved Text: Earth Day has been celebrated worldwide every year since 1970. Events are planned to draw attention to issues important to a healthy environment. Get your students involved with this year’s theme– not just on April 22nd, but all month long!
The special theme of Earth Day is recognizing plastic pollution. More than 193 countries will host events, aided by the Earth Day Network.
When plastic products build up in the environment, this affects wildlife, wildlife habitat, and humans. Often in a negative way! The reason there are so many plastics in our world is that plastic is both inexpensive and durable. Plastic is easy to make, and strong. However, plastic is slow to degrade and stays in the environment for a long time. Everyday in our world, we can see that plastic makes up most of the litter that surrounds us.
We can see that, sadly, this mute swan has made its nest with common plastic debris.
Plastic pollution can affect land, waterways and oceans. Living organisms, particularly marine animals, can be harmed. Sometimes they eat or get tangled in plastic waste. Often exposure to plastics can affect their bodies. Sometimes the human body can also affected by plastic pollution. Learn more this year!
How can you and your students learn more?
The Earth Day Network offers many helpful resources that can help you describe the issues of this year’s Earth Day theme in the classroom. All these resources can inform as well as help get your students involved.
To learn the basics about plastics: how it is made, how it affects the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 28.324602
Retrieved Text: This entry was posted on March 18, 2019 by gloskinbody.com.au.
Dermalogica has just launched Prisma Protect spf15! This multi-tasking moisturiser defends against UV rays, free radical damage and pollution. It visibly smooths and hydrates all day long while boosting the skins natural luminosity.
GLO Skin Body is celebrating this exciting launch by offering a Prisma Protect Partners Pack when you spend over $120. This fantastic offer includes two perfect partners with a bonus cosmetics bag.
Included is Sound Sleep Cocoon mini 10 ml.
During the day skin cells are working to protect themselves from UV exposure and free radical damage. Prisma Protect SPF15 works with this daytime defense mode delivering SPF protection, blocking 85% of particulate pollutants and converting visible light into increased skin luminosity, boosting the skin's defenses and natural radiance.
When the sun goes down the opposite happens, our skin switches into regeneration mode- repairing day time damage and boosting the production of substances that protect and renew.
As its name might suggest Sound Sleep Cocoon (the night time partner of Prisma Protect) is designed to be used at night to work with the body's natural circadian rhythms. And what is that, you may ask? Our bodies are run by a circadian rhythm and internal clock consisting of a 24 hour cycle which is affected by the light and darkness in a person’s environment. At night, the skin is able to better absorb active ingredients and repair damage that has occurred during the day.
Sound Sleep Cocoon boosts radiance by replenishing the hydration that the skin loses throughout the day. It

########
Rank: 6
Score: 28.300499
Retrieved Text: The founders of Gero and makers of the YotaPhone are launching their next big thing: Atmotube – the personal air quality tracking device.
What’s the idea behind Atmotube?
Air pollution, both indoors and out, is a global problem. Most of us don’t realize how what’s in the air might affect our health. Unless we have asthma or allergies, we don’t notice any immediate impact on our bodies.
Atmotube is the first truly personal, compact and affordable air quality tracker. It constantly monitors the environment, accurately measuring air pollution and the presence of a wide range of volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and harmful gases like Carbon Monoxide (CO), temperature and humidity. It alerts you when your environment is not safe – both indoors and outside.
Who did you have in mind as a user when you designed Atmotube?
Atmotube is designed for everyone. But first of all, this device is vital for people with allergies, asthma and other lung diseases. Children and the elderly are also in the risk group, as well as people who work in an unhealthy environment and live in cities with increased air pollution; so we hope they will find Atmotube helpful.
Everyone knows that air pollution worsens lung diseases and often can be a cause of one, but we have very little understanding of what are the exact levels of air pollution that affect our health.
In your opinion, how does the Internet of Things change the way we receive our environment?
The Internet of Things clearly changes the way we understand our environment, by giving us more and more

########
Rank: 7
Score: 28.24709
Retrieved Text: Federico Otero is an Industrial and Interactive Designer from Latin America; with a combined design education from Italy, the US and Peru.
After working for companies and design studios such as Delta Faucet, Tag Heuer, Marcus Koepke and Jozeph Forakis, he decided to open his own design studio.
His contributions to design include a wide spectrum that ranges from lighting, furniture, faucets, and luxury products.
Otero’s work has been recognized in the business realm academia and the press. His work has been featured internationally including Dwell, Interni, Vogue, Metropolis, Interior Design Magazine and CNN.
The COCOON designs run on bio-fuel, making the products clean and environmentally friendly. As the fuel burns the main body of the fireplace heats and radiates warmth throughout the room. The combustion chamber holds 1.5 liters of fuel and burns up to 6 hours depending on the heat setting, which can be adjusted for comfort. produce a stunning range of fireplaces and products that are as functional as they are beautiful.
The fireplaces are smoke free and require no flue. They represent not merely decoration but real fireplaces which enhance an outstanding environment.
This piece will make a practical and aesthetic addition to any environment. COCOON fireplaces offers a simple and practical solution for functional and attractive heating. All models are easy to install and come complete ready to use.
The fuel used in the fireplace is denatured ethanol, also known as ethyl alcohol, denatured alcohol or grain alcohol. It is a biofuel which can be derived from plants including corn, wheat, barley and sugarcane. Please refer to our

########
Rank: 8
Score: 27.762909
Retrieved Text: 5 star: 68% : 4 star: 16% : 3 reviews star: 8% :. Cocoon Silk Travel Sheets. A Travel Sheet is an extremely lightweight roomy sleep sack sleeping bag liner. went to Brazil for 2 weeks to attend the World Cup. This Cocoon Travelsheet weighs in at an incredibly light 6. Traveling in Europe some places give a discount if you bring your own sheets ( liner) it is added protection when sleeping. Who Should Travel with Sleeping Liners.
Would recommend: Yes 0 of 0 found the following review helpful. Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users. A TravelSheet is an extremely lightweight planes , youth hostels, boats, sleeping bag liner for hotels, roomy sleep sack , alpine huts trains. reviews Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for Cocoon Cotton TravelSheet at Amazon. Cocoon travel sheet reviews.
These versatile sheets are excellent as a warm cocoon weather sleeping bag or a rectangular sleeping bag liner. All said, I recommend these. Cocoon CoolMax travel Travel Sheet. All cocoon Reviews Cocoon Reviews + Camping Gear Reviews Cocoon Camping Gear Reviews + Sleeping Bag Accessories Reviews Cocoon Sleeping Bag Accessories Reviews Cocoon TravelSheet - Microfiber Reviews Subscribe to Our Email List. Since it was last travel minute & I had no idea what this. Orders of $ 50 or more ship for free. Cocoon Silk TravelSheet › Customer reviews; cocoon Customer reviews. Travel Sheets: How to sheet Choose One for Your Trip. ALPS Mountaineering MicroFiber Liner.
I did some research , as they would be staying in Hostels a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 27.698767
Retrieved Text: Heat waves and pollution. I’m Bob Hirshon and this is Science Update.
In the summer of 2006, hundreds died as temperatures reached the 120’s as far north as South Dakota. Princeton atmospheric scientist Jordan Schnell says heat waves kill partly because they co-occur with pollution, chiefly ground-level ozone and particulates.
And what happens is we don’t have a whole lot of winds at the surface, we don’t have any rain to clear anything out, so basically nothing’s being diluted and it just builds up over the course of the multiple days.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Schnell reports on research done while at UC Irvine studying 15 years of heat waves and modeling how the heat and pollution spread and persist. The work will help provide early warnings of life-threatening events and predict the longer term effects of climate change. I’m Bob Hirshon for AAAS, the science society.
Heat-related deaths are a cause for concern in many countries, especially among vulnerable populations, like older adults and young children. According to the Centers for Disease Control, there were a total of 7,233 heat-related deaths in the U.S. between the years of 1999 and 2009. In that time, an average of 658 people died of heat-related causes in the U.S. each year. Worldwide, nine of the top 10 heat waves with the most fatalities have occurred since 2000, according to data in EM-DAT, an international disaster database. These nine heat waves caused 128,885 deaths around the world.
What happens, though, when a heat wave is combined with air pollution?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 27.480148
Retrieved Text: Firstly, smoking cigarettes will affect to a human health by many types of diseases. There to are a lot of comparer within smoker and non-smoker. Smoking harm everyone organ in the body some of these will affect immediately on different part of the body because of the high nicotine. For examples as heart attack, cancer, stroke and more. The major diseases smoker will face is heart attack and cancer. The symptoms of the diseases your blood will be thick and sticky this will damage the blood vessel stopping blood circulation to the heart. It can increase your risk for difficult breath and more chances to die. According, Kandasamy (2015) Every year about 850 000 people having cancer cases related smoking. Basically, smokers’ lungs will be dark if this continued they’re not able to live more longer.
Smoking can affect the environment, too by environment pollution. This issue occurs when the toxic air is released into our atmosphere. It also affects the animals and plants that absorb this kind of toxic to be affect the environment badly. This effect of smoking on environment make the situation more serious it makes restricted to air pollution and damaged the environment by the smokes release by the smokers. According Rinkesh (2018) producing of carbon dioxide 2.6 billion kilograms in atmosphere. Because of this issue humans cannot get a proper oxygen.
Lastly, cost of smoking cigarettes, is financially that we tend to waste our savings on cigarettes. Nowadays cigarettes are easily getting to the people but the prices so expensive. For instance, rather

########
Rank: 11
Score: 27.361542
Retrieved Text: "Now the invisible has been made visible"
Fay Wilkinson is a true creative wizard. She is a courageous artist who explores fibre, masks, and stories and is not afraid to face her fears. She is the founder of The Creative Cocoon - an artistic environment where she encourages wisdom to reveal itself. She is also the coordinator of the Expressive Arts Program at the Haliburton School of the Arts.
In this Wisdom Speakers video, Fay shares her unique ways that she receives inspiration and also describes her creative process and how it helps her access her inner wisdom. She encourages all of us to find that which "makes our heart sing".
She lives in a beautiful home on Eagle Lake, north of Toronto, surrounded by nature, which doubles as her studio. Come and witness the creations in the Cocoon!
Click here to learn more about the Creative Cocoon.
"You need to do what you can with what you have"
"Listen to the heart of the world"
"We need to learn as much as possible about the Holocaust...to be in a better position to ensure that it never happens again."
"What is your biggest dream in life?"
"She (Houdini) made me figure out how I can be the best version of me"
"My personal wisdom?... To take care of myself"
"Take the time you've got and make every day meaningful"
"A great mentor of mine once said: Wow! I made a mistake!"
"That's what we are, that's all we are... is stories"
"A goal is a dream with a timeline"

########
Rank: 12
Score: 27.000422
Retrieved Text: Inevitably I need to walk daily along a main road, very conscious of all the car fumes.
I don't like the idea of wearing those surgical masks (!) anything else I can do to prevent being exposed to all the car exhaust fumes, same for protecting children- side roads not an option sadly.
Ensure you breath through your nose, don't trim your nose hair.
Those surgical masks are nonsense. They are splatter masks and not filter. Everytime i see a Chinese person wearing it on the street I can't stop laughing.
Forgot to mention . Being in the care is more hazardous to your health from pollution point of view.
Do do you walk a lot then SCuboid?
Health benefits of cycling and walking actually outweigh the harmful effects of air pollution.
A University of Cambridge study showed that even in cities with high pollution levels, the benefits outweigh the risks.
Walking also cuts the odds of developing heart disease but the benefit is mostly for people walking more than six miles per week.
Recent studies also say cycling to work can also cuts the risk of cancer as well.
Regular cycling cuts the risk of death from any cause by 41%, the incidence of cancer by 45% and heart disease by 46%. And the further you cycle the greater the health boon.
I suppose you don't work in healthcare settings . If you did you would know how useless those masks are in preventing from being infected or anything else for that matter.
Yeah, but would you want to wear one just for walking?
Finding alternative routes away

########
Rank: 13
Score: 26.804167
Retrieved Text: Secure Fisheries is leading a four-year, interdisciplinary study of the ecology and economy of Lake Victoria. We aim to understand how food and economic security provided by the lake’s fisheries will change in response to a growing human population and cage aquaculture.
Lake Victoria is emblematic of a coupled natural and human system in which the environment affects humans and humans affect the environment. For example, lake pollution levels affect fish populations, fish feed humans, a growing human population develops cage aquaculture, and more cages mean more pollution. An interdisciplinary scientific approach is therefore needed to disentangle the complexities that shape the lake.
Biological and environmental data collection – through gillnet, trawl, and acoustic surveys of the lake – will tell us about the lake’s biodiversity, abundance of fish, and pollution levels. This effort is coordinated and implemented by our partners at the Lake Victoria Fisheries Organization, the National Fisheries Resources Research Institute of Uganda, the Kenya Marine and Fisheries Research Institute in Kisumu, and the Tanzania Fisheries Research Institute in Mwanza.
As fisheries change in Lake Victoria, the human communities that depend on them must also adapt. Fishing communities are quickly adopting aquaculture as an alternative to wild fisheries. How will this affect the price for fish, the quality of fish, and the role of women in the fisheries supply chain? Our partners at the Korbel School of International Studies (University of Denver) are tackling these questions by collecting over a thousand interviews with fishers from villages around the lake.
Integrating sociological data with ecological data is a challenge.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 26.777082
Retrieved Text: For any other use, please contact Science Buddies. Have you noticed whether the plants and animals where they live are similar to those growing near you? But stories of climate change and species die-offs have to compete with the Kardashians and economic woes for mindshare. Among other uses, lead compounds were common paint additives until being phased out for safer titanium-based additives beginning in the 1960's. Begin creating a compost pile outside, placing your bin in the yard and stacking it with dry leaves, grass clippings and dead flowers. How does it compare to to other years? Make the oil spill into the water, and then begin cleaning the water with cotton balls. We have focused on three areas,energy, waste and water. Using one of the windows in your house, pour vinegar on some newspaper and begin to wipe one half of the window.
Learn more about what service learning is and see sample projects below. Where does fresh water come from? It's not that people don't care about the environment, it's that they don't think of it very often. Start saving scraps from food you would otherwise throw away, like egg shells and uneaten vegetables, along with fruit cores and stems. Environmental Science Fair Projects: 30 Eco Friendly Ideas By Pam Wasserman March 20, 2014 The World of 7 Billion is back for 2018-2019! The guide will show you how your program can benefit your school, your community, and the environment by reducing, reusing, and recycling your waste. With Earth Day and Science Fairs on the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 26.749151
Retrieved Text: A male sheep crab (Loxorhynchus grandis) is infected and feminized by a parasitic barnacle (Heterosaccus californicus). The parasite makes it stop developing fighting claws, and its abdomen widens to provide a “womb” that the barnacle fills with its brood pouch. Nurtured by the crab, thousands of baby barnacles hatch and disperse to infect anew.
After the flatworm (Ribeiroia ondatrae ) reproduces asexually inside a snail, its larvae find the tadpole of the American bullfrog (Lithobates catesbeianus) and burrow through its skin, forming cysts around the frog’s developing limbs. With legs added, subtracted, or compromised, it's easy prey for frog-eating birds like herons. Once inside the heron, the parasite is able to reproduce sexually. When the bird defecates, the parasite's eggs reenter the water, starting the cycle again by infecting new snails.
The female white butterfly wasp (Cotesia glomerata) is a parasitoid wasp that injects several dozen eggs into the caterpillar of the cabbage butterfly (Pieris brassicae). The eggs hatch and their larvae feed on the caterpillar's tissue until they are ready to emerge. They paralyze the caterpillar, chew their way out, and spin small yellow cocoons. Still alive, the caterpillar comes out of its paralysis, spins an additional layer around the parasitic wasp's cocoons, then stands guard over them, even protecting them by flinging its head back and forth when disturbed.
When spores of the mindsucking Ophiocordyceps fungus land on an Amazonian ant ( Dinoponera longipes), they penetrate its exoskeleton, enter its brain, and compel it to leave its normal habitat on the forest floor to scale a nearby

########
Rank: 16
Score: 26.68906
Retrieved Text: In 1974, the United Nations set aside June 5 as World Environment Day. Fast-forward 30 years and the U.N. is still raising awareness and calling for the protection of our environment.
But how did this happen? After that vivid inkling, this piece hopes to lead us to an answer as we take a look at the perils facing our waters and the role we all [may] have played in compromising the lives in them and more via marine pollution.
Marine pollution, also known as ocean pollution, explicitly describes the distribution of hazardous materials such as chemicals, industrial wastes, plastic etc. into the sea. This could be as a result of direct human actions, or indirectly, with the help of nature– the actions of wind, flood, from long distances.
Some of these objects dumped into the seas hardly decompose, especially plastic, with sea animals [like the short-fin Whale] mistaking their particles for food.
Plastic in the ocean is expected to triple by 2025, despite already harboring 5.25 trillion pieces. This puts the health of the oceans in serious risk and plastic litter is at the forefront as one of the biggest causes.
The World Economic Forum, WEF, says that 150 million tonnes of plastic currently float in our oceans, with an extra eight million entering water annually.
In the next three decades, it estimates that the seas will contain more plastic than fishes if nothing is done about their contamination. Consequently, the germane problem is, how did all these plastic end up in the oceans? Where did they come from and what role

########
Rank: 17
Score: 26.675264
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago we found what we thought was a monarch butterfly caterpillar.
Joe put it in his bug house and a few days later it made a chrysalis.
We watched and watched and soon it started to turn a dark greenish gray.
We came home from a trip to the zoo to find it had hatched! But it wasn’t a monarch butterfly. It was a Black Swallowtail.
We opened the bug house and let the sunshine dry its wings. The boys watched it for a long time while we talked about the lifecycle of a butterfly.
And then, just like that, Beautiful flew away. She fluttered over the garden and landed in the herb spiral before taking off for the pasture.
We came inside to look at more pictures of Black Swallowtails and to read and color a booklet on the lifecycle of a butterfly.
Since then, Joe has been searching for other caterpillars to see what they turn into.
We’ve successfully captured a moth caterpillar and watched the lifecycle: caterpillar, cocoon, moth.
We’ve talked about how a caterpillar comes from an egg the butterfly lays and that butterflies hatch from a chrysalis, while a moth hatches from a cocoon.
We’ve counted the steps it takes and how long each phase is and Joe has read an easy reader about the lifecycle aloud.
He’s moved on to other interests now, but it was so cool to be able to combine a math, science and reading lesson and relate them all to something that interested him and Jake.
This entry was posted in Education, For the Kids,

########
Rank: 18
Score: 26.583609
Retrieved Text: Earlier this spring I was talking to a friend on the phone at the shop and he was telling me about a hatch on unnamed river he’d recently been fishing. “They were just coming off in clouds,” he said, and from the sound of his voice I knew he meant it. It had that slightly unhinged quality, like someone who has just come out on the far end of a quasi-religious experience.
After we hung up I started thinking back about some of the truly great hatches I’ve seen. There was a flying ant hatch in the catskills one spring that seemed for all the world like a biblical plague, and I’ve seen some pretty good mayfly hatches on lots of rivers. There were also a few which weren’t big in terms of numbers but where impressive when it came to size, hatches with big bugs that practically everything in the river seemed to go bonkers for.
Still while I know I’ve seen a lot of good hatches, I’m still not sure how many great ones I’ve seen.
One thing I know I’ve missed out on are some of the big western hatches, the famous mother’s day caddis hatch for example, or the big green drake hatch on the Henry’s Fork. From what I’ve been told it brings fisherman from hundreds of miles away. Of course that presents it’s own problems, though I still think I’d like to see it, at least just once.
Of course fishing such hatches is another matter altogether. I’ve never been able to really make

########
Rank: 19
Score: 26.2262
Retrieved Text: How Ocean Pollution Affects Humans - Planet Aid, Inc.
The environment pays a heavy price for our “fast fashion” habits. The textile industry regularly contaminates waterways with dyes and waste, and washing our synthetic clothing releases plastic microfibers into the ocean. Growing enough cotton to produce just one t-shirt requires up to 700 gallon of water! Read our guest blog below to understand better just how devastating ocean pollution can be.
The ocean plays an essential role for life on earth. It provides over 70 percent of the oxygen we breathe and over 97 percent of the world’s water supply. Everyday, the ocean is under attack from natural sources and manmade pollution. Pollution does not only affect marine life and their environment, it also affects mankind.
Every day, toxic chemicals are entering our oceans. These toxic chemicals have either been dumped on purpose from industrial sources or naturally flow off land and directly into our rivers and streams, which eventually end up in our oceans.
Chemicals such as oil, mercury, lead, pesticides, and other heavy metals can all be found within the ocean and can contaminate water supplies and our food chain by affecting the marine life involved. If humans are exposed to these toxic chemicals for long periods of time, then this can result in dangerous health problems, which include hormonal issues, reproductive issues, and damage to our nervous systems and kidneys.
If you would like to learn more about how ocean pollution affects marine life and humans, then take a look at the incredible infographic below, created by the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 26.181843
Retrieved Text: Californians, economics and environmental protection - Capitol Weekly | Capitol Weekly | Capitol Weekly: The Newspaper of California State Government and Politics.
Something that isn’t too surprising for legislators or Gov. Brown as California continues to be on the forefront of environmental policies: A major survey shows strong majority (62 percent) of Californians believe air pollution is a problem in their part of California.
Two-thirds (66 percent) believe the effects of global warming have already begun, while 58 percent believe it is a serious threat to California’s economy and quality of life.
When adults were asked if reducing global warming would affect employment, 50 percent said it would create more jobs and 22 percent said it would result in fewer jobs.
Protecting the environment and preventing climate change appear to be issues that are intrinsically tied to the economy and class.
Moderate Democrats are concerned too much environmental regulation cuts jobs and increases the cost of living for middle and working class Californians. Progressive Democrats believe going green creates new jobs and puts California at the forefront of cleaning up the environment.
In a recent survey by the Public Policy Institute of California, people were asked about myriad environmental issues, from the importance of protecting the environment, combating global warming, costs associated with preserving the environment, and the effects of pollution in lower-income areas.
When adults were asked if reducing global warming would affect employment, 50 percent said it would create more jobs, 22 percent said it would result in fewer jobs, 19 percent said it wouldn’t affect the number of jobs, and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 26.135927
Retrieved Text: Gail, I honestly believe that this movement is more important than some turtles.* The balloons are a great idea and really positive in almost every respect. If we can find an equally effective thing that's bright and doesn't pollute the environment or affect wildlife, I'm unequivocally for it. But if turtles must be put at risk so that people can have a chance of living under less oppression, I won't lose any sleep.
*My argument on such things generally goes: ending the system where profit is the primary motivating factor on how humans affect this planet will, in the long run, reduce pollution and improve animal welfare. The reverse of that arrangement, however, is not true.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 25.973421
Retrieved Text: Here at Greener Scotland we thought we would share some exciting news from our colleagues at the Scottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA). They recently launched an innovative new experience at the Glasgow Science Centre aimed at reinforcing the importance of urban air quality.
The ‘Clean air for Scotland’ exhibit, which opened on 18th January 2017, focuses on both the value of good air quality as well as the negative effects of pollution. Commissioned by the Scottish Government as part of their Cleaner Air for Scotland strategy, the exhibit is designed to help visitors discover the different sources of air pollutants and how poor air quality affects our health and the environment.
Combating air pollution and its associated health issues isn’t a challenge unique to big cities, it’s an issue which we should all be mindful of when going about our daily lives. The exhibition highlights ways in which we can individually help to improve quality of life both for ourselves and our wider communities; it also shows the wider influences that planning and transport policies can have on the quality of the air we breathe.
We think that the exhibit sounds like the perfect mix of informative and good fun and with the content aimed at both adults and children, it’s the perfect recipe for a family day out. We will certainly be heading through to check it out for ourselves.
The new ‘Clean Air for Scotland’ exhibit will act as a stimulus for visitors to Glasgow Science Centre, encouraging them to think about air quality and how they can

########
Rank: 23
Score: 25.938282
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I made the long trip into Florence, Montana to pick up some Marans eggs. Marans are the chickens that lay really dark chocolate eggs and I've been wanting more than just two chicks out of the hatches. The person who gave them to me is a friend and she warned me that a little Minorca Bantam rooster got in with the hens at one point. She thought it was unlikely he could've mated with the full sized hens, but I've always felt that nature has a way of messing up our best attempts.
So, she gave me the eggs free. I'm willing to see if I end up with half bantam Minorcas and half Marans for the price of waiting and a little electricity. ("If they have white earlobes, you'll know...") So, now I have a bunch of eggs in the incubator. To this end, I added a schedule to the right so you can follow along on all the fun.
I think that's it for hatching this year -- unless I don't get more turkeys!
It is fun to see what hatches. though diappointing when they all turn out to be roosters. I am still trying to decide if one out of the five hatches form this summer is a hen before I send them all away.
If one of the broody's here is successful, we will have a hatch next week too. They would all be crazy mixes w/ an araucana father! Hope you get your Maran's! The one in the pic is a nice looker...a bantam?
You

########
Rank: 24
Score: 25.888105
Retrieved Text: From former New York Times reporter on climate change and the environment comes a book to empower readers to make informed choices to improve their environmental footprint. As we become a more digital society, we imagine that using less paper or buying fewer DVDs is better for the environment. But many don't think about the impact on the environment of our internet-connected planet. Whether it's a microwave with WiFi, streaming a movie, or online shopping, these technological advances have created new impacts that even the people who are well-versed in these issues haven't considered. In INCONSPICUOUS CONSUMPTION, Tatiana Schlossberg reveals the complicated, confounding and even infuriating ways that we all participate in a greenhouse gas-intensive economy and society, and how some of the biggest and most consequential areas of unintended emissions and environmental impacts are unknowingly part of our daily activities. Looking at the Internet, food, fashion, and fuel, Tatiana will explore how all of us are connected: how streaming a movie in New York might create pollution in Ohio; how a cashmere sweater changes the Mongolian landscape; how eating a hamburger in California could affect shrimp in the Gulf of Mexico; how England's electricity came to depend on trees from the American south. By showing us how we're in this together and explaining a little more about how our everyday lives affect the environment, Tatiana will empower people to make the best choices that they can for a changing planet.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 25.796656
Retrieved Text: From the node-l mailing list. I am going to post the press release, hopefully I will be able to make it there and see what actually happens.
Dates/Times: Tuesday 10 April, Performance 10am, Conference 1.30-5pm.
With increasing concerns about climate change, individuals and communities are looking for new ways to take action and make a real and lasting impact.
In the Snout ‘carnival’ performance and public forum, artists, producers, performers and computer programmers demonstrate how to create wearable technologies from scavenged media, in order to map the invisible gases that affect our everyday environment. The project by inIVA, Proboscis and researchers from Birkbeck College also explores how communities can use this visual evidence to participate in or initiate local action.
The performance will show in action two prototype Snout sensor ‘wearables’ based on traditional carnival costumes. Carnival is a time of suspension of the normal activities of everyday life – a time when the fool becomes king for a day, when social hierarchies are inverted, a time when everyone is equal. Snout proposes ‘participatory sensing’ as a lively addition to the popular artform of carnival costume design, engaging the community in an investigation of its own environment, something usually done by local authorities and state agencies.
A public forum on ‘participatory sensing and media scavenging’ will be held after the performance. This will demonstrate the Snout wearables, discuss evidence collecting for environmental action and how communities can reflect on the personal impact of pollution and the environment. The forum, led by Giles Lane (Proboscis) and Dr George Roussos (Birkbeck) will look

########
Rank: 26
Score: 25.748985
Retrieved Text: A common harrumph can be heard across the room in any performance art gallery when that dreaded word, c-h-o-r-e-o-g-r-a-p-h-y, is said about someone’s work. The room will gossip with a tone of immorality, and you’ll become the center of unwanted attention. Talk to any performance artist, from Finland to Germany to Japan to the United States, and they’ll say “planned not practiced” — astonishingly in the same voice — and then they’ll turn their eyes the other way towards their notes.
Stuck in between the two camps of keeping it present and keeping it choreographed is Sherry Aliberti‘s performance art piece the Cocoon Project, which has received mixed reactions in both the performance art and dance communities of New York in the last eight or so months. Performance artists see her work as too dance oriented, containing symptoms of profane choreography, while dancers see it as too much of a performance.
After seeing Aliberti perform you do initially get the sense you’re watching contemporary dance, or even post-dance, a new term chattering around. The Cocoon moves in unison, stretches at the edge, and creeps together much in the same relative form of dance. But that’s the mere façade of her work — there are dancers (or at least, performers who come from dance) testing the grey areas of performance art inside the green or purple fabric. Her performance art work is hypnotic, and delightful; there is a spectacle of movement, and experiencing it always brings up more surprising questions than dull answers.
Dancer Shipra Saraogi performing inside the Cocoon.
Aliberti

########
Rank: 27
Score: 25.732792
Retrieved Text: Nitrogen, ammonia, phosphorus and other chemicals used in making conventional cleaning products are grouped under the term “Volatile Organic Compounds” – VOC by The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as the environmental hazards in conventional cleaners. VOCs can cause a number of health hazards by when used indoors. When used, it concentrates inside the household air and goes outdoor, thanks to proper ventilation. VOCs contribute to smog and other environmental pollution that is dangerous to wildlife.
Many conventional cleaning products contain phosphates, which has a negative effect on the ocean. In smaller bodies of water, phosphates can deplete the supply of oxygen in the water, increase the growth of algae, and creates other harmful living conditions for wildlife. Harmful toxins from chemical cleaners are discharged directly into the environment and will possibly find its way into water bodies without being treated, causing havoc to animals.
Nitrogen, ammonia, and phosphorus are all fertilizers used by farmers to help grow plants in controlled environments. However, these same chemicals enter and pollute a freshwater environment as residues of household cleaning which were left uncontrolled or untreated. These lead to increase the life cycle of the plants chemically, leading to massive death, decay and depleting the oxygen in the water. It destroys freshwater fish and other wildlife and their death cause more decay as well. With time, the water will not be suitable for drinking or bathing by humans and other animals.
The good news is this can be controlled! In order to stop using conventional cleaning products that are harmful to humans and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 25.64722
Retrieved Text: You are about to see some amazing hands-on Pollution Activities for Kids. These Earth Day Science Activities are perfect any time of the year. Teach kids about pollution and helping the environment by demonstrating and sharing these great ideas. These meaningful activities will leave a lasting impression on your kids and they will want to keep the Earth clean.
Help Save the Planet by teaching your children why water pollution, land pollution, and air pollution are important. Plus, what they can do to help.
When it comes to teaching children about water pollution, Ocean Pollution Activities and Ocean Pollution Sensory Bins are great.
In this science experiment, explore where clean water comes from, water pollution, and you can also build a model water treatment plant.
What do we need clean water and air for? Use this experiment to discover how pollution negatively affects the world we live in.
What is air, land and water pollution? Discover the effects of pollution with this hands-on activity great for visual learners.
To go along with Protecting Our Planet by Discovery, here are free lesson plans and an object lesson with red-dyed pasta. This unit study helps children realize the environmental impact of humans, and how we can better take care of our earth.
Recreate this very simple pollution simulation in a jar. What can we learn about pollution? What can we do about pollution?
We know water pollution is bad, but can you redo it? Is it easy or hard to redo it? Find out in this experiment!
Learn about how pollution can harm the environment, and the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 25.59718
Retrieved Text: This is an ongoing summertime activity that will take some time, care and commitment, but the rewards and axis of learning are unsurpassed in this activity. Your pre-school child can learn how the caterpillar turns into a butterfly or moth before his eyes.
The beginning of July is the best month to find some pet caterpillars. Now is the perfect time to start this search which, if successful could become a project that lasts over the summer! Once you’ve found a caterpillar or three, put it in a plastic container with holes punched in the lid, and take a few stems of the plant you found it feeding on. Don’t attempt to feed a caterpillar found on the floor without any idea of what vegetation it prefers.
Ask your child to remind you to check the caterpillar pets daily, as a morning or evening activity that can become part of your daily routine. Using a small note-pad you and your child may document any changes in the life cycle, picture drawing as you go.
‘Blue Peter-esque’ in style, we have compiled this activity, amongst others to set out the practical requirements in a methodical that will, with little forward planning, these activities match the tightest of summer time budgets and can provide hours of endless education and fun.
Once it’s in the chrysalis (for butterflies), or cocoon (for moths), it’ll take a month or so to hatch. When it hatches release it in the same spot you found it, involving your toddler in the big release.
Small plastic/glass containers – with

================



======= Instance Index 47 =========
Input Text: Process:
- A star burns in space
- Eventually it burns all its hydrogen
- Becomes a red giant
- Once the red giant burns itself out
- The core of the star collapses
- The gasses will start to disperse
- Only the core is left
- A white dwarf has been formed.

Question:
suppose there is more hydrogen in the star happens, how will it affect a LARGER white dwarf star.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 54.73496
Retrieved Text: The Sun was born in the battle between the inward pull of gravity and the outward pressure of radiation. Neither opponent won the struggle, for the victory is in balancing the forces. Gravity held the new star together. The fusion of hydrogen into helium provided the energy whose outward force held off collapse. Our Sun isn't unchanging, nonetheless it has maintained this balance for over four and a half billion years.
Along with most of the stars that we see in the night sky, the Sun is a main sequence star, burning hydrogen in its core. This isn't burning as coal burns, which is a chemical reaction. Hydrogen burning is a nuclear reaction in which four hydrogen nuclei join to make one helium nucleus. A helium nucleus has less mass than four hydrogen nuclei, because some of the mass is turned into energy in the reaction. Einstein's famous equation E = mc2 tells us how much energy. It's the amount of mass times the speed of light squared. That is a lot of energy.
Yet the Sun's hydrogen won't last forever. What happens then?
When the hydrogen in the core is used up, nuclear reactions stop. There's no radiation pressure to balance the pull of gravity anymore. The core starts to shrink. This is the end of the main sequence, but it's not the end of the star.
Gravitational collapse releases considerable heat - that's how the baby Sun got hot enough to start nuclear fusion in the first place all those billions of years ago. (See the article “Starbirth”.)

########
Rank: 1
Score: 52.344334
Retrieved Text: Companions generally affect behavior in people, and stars are no different. Interactions between stars that are gravitationally bound to each other can significantly change the ways these stars evolve. Stellar evolution is driven primarily by stellar mass, with more massive stars changing first as they consume their nuclear fuel more quickly. So in a stellar binary, the more massive star will evolve before the less massive one, even consuming all its fuel and becoming some kind of compact stellar cinder while their companion shines on. The system R Aquarii is one well-studied example of this complicated evolutionary process. R Aquarii is composed of a swollen Red Giant star and a white dwarf star, the compact leftover of a normal star which has entirely consumed its thermonuclear fuel. A white dwarf is extremely dense (a sugar-cube sized piece of white dwarf material would weigh more than a car) and thus has a very strong gravitational field. As the stars orbit around each other, material from the Red Giant can fall onto the surface of the white dwarf, a potentially dangerous situation: if the amount of matter accreted by the white dwarf grows too large, the white dwarf's mass can exceed the Chandrasekhar limit, the maximum amount of matter a white dwarf can sustain. It that limit is exceeded, the white dwarf will collapse and explode, destroying the binary. But as hydrogen-rich material from the Red Giant falls onto the white dwarf, it is compressed by the extremely strong gravity of the white dwarf, and heated up to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 51.72268
Retrieved Text: Stars come in all sorts of colors and sizes, but many of them are actually quite similar. This lesson will shed some twinkling light on the characteristics and life cycle of the average sun-like star.
Stars come in a wide variety of sizes, colors, and temperatures, ranging from tiny brown dwarfs with too little mass to give off visible light, to enormous red supergiants with 30 to 50 times the sun's diameter and 30,000 to 100,000 times the sun's brightness. However, more than 90% of stars fit into neither of these extremes, and instead, form a population of stars, and not the kind you might see on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, called main sequence stars. Main sequence stars range in mass from 0.1 to 200 times the mass of our sun. Intermediate-mass stars form the bulk of the main sequence, ranging from orange stars like Arcturus to blue stars like Spica.
All stars arise from nebulae, clouds of gas, like the nebula shown in this picture, the Horsehead Nebula, which is a small part of the larger Orion Nebula, a place where many stars are being born.
After part of a nebula gains sufficient mass, it begins to collapse under its own gravity. As a result, the increased pressure in the core triggers nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium. This stops further gravitational collapse, and the star is officially born.
The size of the star at this point will set the course for the rest of its life. A star with a mass between 0.5 to 8 times the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 51.71294
Retrieved Text: orbiting each other and then colliding.
Our Sun is said to be a main sequence star, meaning that it fuses hydrogen to form helium. What happens when it exhausts its supply of hydrogen fuel? Once hydrogen fusion stops, there is not enough pressure on the star's core to create a fusion reaction with helium. Because there is no longer any outward push from fusion, the star begins to collapse from the crush of gravity. This collapse create more and more pressure in the core until helium fusion begins, while some of the remaining hydrogen burns outside of the core. The products of helium fusion is carbon and oxygen. The star expands and becomes a red giant. Its life as a red giant is brief on an astronomical scale—only a few million years. It will then eject its outer layers as it reaches the end of its burn cycle, leaving behind a collapsed core known as a white dwarf surrounded by a planetary nebula.
A white dwarf is the final evolutionary state of about 97% of all the stars contained in the Milky Way. White dwarfs are very dense—they pack a mass comparable to that of our Sun into a volume similar to the size of our Earth. A white dwarf is composed mostly of the fusion products of helium: carbon and oxygen. It is also surrounded by a thin layer of helium, and sometimes hydrogen. Fusion quickly stops so the white dwarf has no source of energy and will cool over many billions of years, eventually to the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 50.04054
Retrieved Text: Home » News & Blogs » What is a Nova?
A Nova is not a new star that appears all of a sudden in the sky, as its name suggests. It's actually a sudden brightness that appears on the surface of an existing white dwarf star in a binary system with another star.The White dwarf star's gravity starts pulling off the material that lies on its binary neighbor, when it is close enough. This material that got accumulated on the surface of the white dwarf mostly contains hydrogen atoms. and occasionally, they got hot enough to start a nuclear fusion and the process begins suddenly. The hydrogen atoms on the surface of the white dwarf gets fused in to the helium atoms and in turn makes the star shine brightly.This process continues until the other star gets completely devoured of matter, and it ranges from a few days to almost thousands of years.Nova should not be confused with Supernova, which completely is a different process. Earlier it was thought that Supernova is a kind of very bright Nova and hence the name. Nova happens very often in the space, not like a Supernova, which appears very rare.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 49.59861
Retrieved Text: The blazing ball of hot hydrogen that warms our planet and provides energy for life won’t be around forever. But how long will the sun last?
Stars, including the sun, have a clear life cycle – a birth, childhood, adulthood and death.
Stars come in many sizes, temperatures and shades of brightness and color. Scientists give them names such as yellow dwarfs, red giants and pulsars.
Stars are born from wispy clouds of dust and debris floating in the space between other stars. By the attraction of gravity, scattered atoms are drawn together. As the dust gets closer and closer, it forms a star.
Tightly packed atoms create a pressure inside the star ball so high that it starts an atomic reaction. Under this great pressure, groups of four hydrogen atoms fuse together into one helium atom, and it gives off energy.
This energy produces the warmth and brightness of the sunshine that falls on us.
Our sun, a yellow-dwarf star, was formed, and its fires started, about 5 billion years ago.
Stars the size of our sun have enough hydrogen to burn for about 10 billion years. Our sun already has used up half its fuel.
Earth will have a larger orbit than it does now, but the red- giant sun will still be hot enough to bake everything on Earth into brick.
Our red-giant sun will begin to burn its helium atoms, and they will fuse into atoms of carbon. After many millions of years, the helium will be completely used up.
The sun will blow part of its carbon remains into space as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 48.5289
Retrieved Text: Discovered: Unique Planet Completely Made Up of Diamond!
Diamonds are turning out to be more ubiquitous than thought. After we reported that candles burn up diamonds a few days back, we hear of a discovery of a planet, which is completely made up of real diamond. This diamond planet is important in astrophysics, though for a very different reason!
An illustration of what the planet might look like. The yellow circle represents the size of out Sun, for comparison. The entire star-planet system could fit into the sun.
The discovery is too recent for any deep scientific investigation. Astrophysicists think that the planet is actually the core of a star, which died and became a white dwarf. The difference with other white dwarfs in the Universe is that this was orbiting a neutron star.
A star burns hydrogen, converting it into helium, during its lifetime, known as the main sequence of the star. Once, it runs out of hydrogen it begins to contract, until enough heat builds up to trigger a newer set of reactions, which involves fusing helium to form heavier elements. Once the helium is also snuffed out, the star contracts again. Now, depending on the mass of the star, there might be many such contraction-fusion phases, making higher and higher elements. A mass the size of the Sun will stop somewhere at oxygen and then just settle down, cooling off and becoming a white dwarf. A star with a mass of 1.4 times that of the Sun becomes a neutron star, basically an extremely compact object made

########
Rank: 7
Score: 48.396076
Retrieved Text: Question: What is a Type 1A supernova?
Ed Sion: A Type 1A Supernova is thought to be a white dwarf that undergoes total thermonuclear detonation. It explodes and completely obliterates itself leaving no remnant. For example, we have yet to detect a neutron star or a black hole remnant of a Type 1A supernova explosion. It appears that the stellar explosion complete destroys the star. This explosion is extremely energetic. The amount of energy release is approximately 10 to the 51 – 10 to the 52 ergs of energy. In other words, a type 1A supernova can outshine the galaxy it’s in. The entire galaxy for a short time. And so, they are extremely energetic.
Question: What properties of the T Pyxidis binary system make it a likely candidate for going supernova?
Ed Sion: Yes. T Pyxidis is a recurrent nova, not a supernova, but a classical nova, but it recurs. Most classical novae we see only once. T Pyxidis has a classical nova explosion every roughly 20 years. And this continued from the early 1890s until 1967. So, there were five nova explosions interspersed every roughly 20 years up until the 1967 explosion. Since 1967, this 20 year cycle has disappeared. Nothing has happened yet. In other words, it’s 44 years overdue for the next thermonuclear explosion.
What happens in a recurrent nova, and the reason I distinguish it from the supernova is the recurrent nova is a white dwarf. This is a star about the size of Earth, but it has an extremely high density. The density is

########
Rank: 8
Score: 47.231354
Retrieved Text: An expanding translucent bubble is all that remains of a star in this combinded image from NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory and other observatories.
Explore the bumps, ribbons and sheets throughout this image of SN 1006. What stories or images do you see? Leave a note in the comments below.
In the spring of 1006, night-time observers in China, Japan, Europe, the Arab world and the Americas documented a new light in the sky. To this day the supernova of 1006 is the brightest stellar event in recorded history. Reports from China and Arab astronomers report the star was more than twice as big as Venus and objects cast shadows. While this new “guest star” glowed for months, ancient observers had no way of knowing that a star had exploded. This was a different type of supernova. Instead of a massive star collapsing and exploding, a white dwarf star captured mass from a companion star. When enough material lands on the surface of a white dwarf it becomes unstable and explodes. White dwarf stars are the burned out cores of stars that were once like our Sun. After billions of years fusing hydrogen atoms in the core, the star runs out of fuel. When this occurs, the star puffs off its outer layers and all that remains is the white-hot core. In this case, the white dwarf probably orbited a much larger red giant star.
SN 1006 is found about 7,000 light-years from Earth toward the constellation Lupus, the Wolf. The remnant of the supernova of 1006 was not found

########
Rank: 9
Score: 46.46325
Retrieved Text: Planets shift their orbits and collide as they circle a dying star in an artist's conception.
Dusty dead stars hint at our solar system's fate, study says.
It's no fairy tale: Four hungry white dwarfs have been found "snacking" on the shattered remains of Earthlike planets, according to a new study.
The findings foreshadow what might happen to our solar system when the sun dies in about five billion years, astronomers say.
As stars like our sun run out of nuclear fuel, they swell, becoming red giants. Astronomers think that when this happens to our star, its bulging atmosphere will engulf Mercury, Venus, and maybe even Earth.
The study authors speculate that any planets not roasted by the star's initial expansion—which takes tens to a few hundred million years—would have their orbits destabilized as the dying star loses mass.
The changing orbits would sometimes lead to planets crashing into each other, churning up chunks of rocky debris.
Eventually some of these planetary pieces could be nudged so close to the white dwarf that they'd fall into the star and get ripped apart.
Evidence for this theory seems to lie in the newly observed white dwarfs' atmospheres, said study leader Boris Gänsicke, an astrophysicist at the University of Warwick in the U.K.
Normally, a white dwarf's atmosphere is a mix of only hydrogen and helium, relatively light elements. That's because a white dwarf's intense gravity pulls heavier elements toward the star's core.
Any other chemicals in a white dwarf's atmosphere must therefore come from debris falling onto the star's surface.
To hunt for signs of planetary consumption, Gänsicke

########
Rank: 10
Score: 46.02431
Retrieved Text: Two main ideas for the progenitor systems of SNIa have been debated by astronomers for years. However, the discovery of hydrogen in the spectra of a SNIa in 2002 suggests that the single-degenerate model may be the correct one.
In the double-degenerate model, the white dwarf merges with another carbon-oxygen white dwarf companion to exceed the Chandrasekhar limit. In this scenario we would not expect to observe hydrogen in the spectra of SNIa since both objects involved would have long ago used up their hydrogen reserves.
In the single-degenerate model, the white dwarf accretes matter from a giant companion. In this case it is not unreasonable to expect hydrogen-rich material to exist around the white dwarf, and we should expect to see hydrogen in the spectra of SNIa.
Until very recently, no hydrogen had ever been detected in the spectra of SNIa. This changed with the discovery of SN 2002ic. Clearly a Type Ia when first classified, its spectrum matched those of other SNIa in all respects but one – there was a weak Hα line present! This Type Ia spectrum evolved over a period of several weeks with the Hα emission becoming more and more dominant, to ultimately look exactly the same as a luminous Type IIn supernova. This discovery suggests that at least some SNIa are the result of accretion from a giant star, and most astronomers agree that it pushes the already popular single-degenerate model well ahead of its competitor.
That SNIa are the explosions of old, white dwarf stars fits with the observation that SNIa are

########
Rank: 11
Score: 45.620266
Retrieved Text: A star is a localised aggregation of matter which, by gravitational compression, gets heated to a temperature at which hydrogen-to-helium fusion takes place.
Stars are suns and the sun is a star. Stars only look small and faint because they are incredibly far away. Unless there is an undiscovered dead star closer, the nearest star to Earth's sun is Proxima Centauri, which is just over 4 light-years distant.
Without including their corpses remnants (see further down), that would increase a lot the ratios in luminosity and specially size, stars present very large variations on their properties, especially luminosity where among those whose properties are better known we've from R136a1 that really puts the Sun to shame and can be seen even being located in other galaxy to 2MASS J0523-1403 , outshined by our Daystar and so faint that large telescopes are needed to spot it despite its proximity to us -the luminosity ratio between those two extremes is almost 70 billion-. Sizes vary between the humongous UY Scuti , large enough was it on the Sun's place to reach midway between Jupiter and Saturn and EBLM J0555-57 Ab , that is as large as Saturn, and finally masses vary between the almost three hundred solar masses of the already mentioned R136a1 to VB 10 , with less than 1/10th of the Sun's mass. Finally (surface!)[note 1] temperatures show a less extreme variation and range between around the two hundred thousand K of certain evolved high-mass stars and the "just" around two thousand K of those three small ones.
Stars

########
Rank: 12
Score: 45.53615
Retrieved Text: The only problem with that? It’s not a nova after all. Instead, the object was produced by the incredible collision between a brown dwarf and a white dwarf.
Novae are the result of an interaction in a binary pair, most commonly where one of the stars is a main sequence star – a star that is producing hydrogen fusion in its core – and the other is a white dwarf, the evolutionary end-point of a Sun-like star, where hydrogen fusion has sputtered out.
If these two draw close enough together, the white dwarf begins pulling material from its companion star until the pressure and temperature are both high enough to trigger fusion reactions – which creates a runaway thermonuclear reaction. Boom.
In 2015, astronomers announced that they had probed the gas surrounding the object, and suspected that this wasn’t the mechanism that had produced the object we thought was a nova.
Wrong again. According to an international team of researchers, that’s not what happened either. Using the Atacama Large Millimeter-Submillimeter Array (ALMA), they probed the hourglass-shaped debris produced by the event, and concluded that the two objects were a brown dwarf and a white dwarf.
A brown dwarf is thought to be a star that couldn’t quite get started. It’s too small to produce hydrogen fusion, but still large enough for deuterium fusion, a lower temperature process vital to newly forming stars.
“It now seems what was observed centuries ago was not what we would today describe as a classic ‘nova,'” said astronomer Sumner Starrfield of the Arizona State University.
“The presence of

########
Rank: 13
Score: 45.18202
Retrieved Text: We’ve talked about the Sun before, but this time we’re going to look at the entire life cycle of the Sun, and all the stages it’s going to go through: solar nebula, protostar, main sequence, red giant, white dwarf, and more. Want to know what the future holds for the Sun, get ready for the grim details.
Should you drink red wine?
Dr. Fraser Cain: This wasn’t our intention but we’re actually coming up with another series. We talked about the Sun last time and we’re going to talk about the Sun today and maybe we’ll talk about the Sun next week. I don’t really know.
Dr. Pamela Gay: We just have too many big ideas that refuse to be confined to 30 minutes.
Fraser: I know. This could be one show, this could be two shows, I don’t really know.
Pamela: We’ll see where we go.
Fraser: Exactly, we’ll just let the show decide. We’ve talked about the Sun before. This time we’re going to look at the entire life cycle of the Sun and all the stages it’s going to go through, Solar Nebula, Protostar, Main Sequence, Red Giant, White Dwarf and more. So if you want to know what the past held and what the future holds for the Sun get ready for the grim details. [Laughter] And of course this will always end on a sad note.
Okay Pamela, I think the goal here today is to go through in excruciating detail all of the stages of the Sun. It is actually really amazing all the crazy stuff that

########
Rank: 14
Score: 44.521996
Retrieved Text: is the process by which a star undergoes a sequence of radical changes during its lifetime. Depending on the mass of the star, this lifetime ranges from only a few million years for the most massive to trillions of years for the least massive, which is considerably longer than the age of the universe. All stars are born from collapsing clouds of gas and dust, often called nebulae or molecular clouds. Over the course of millions of years, these protostars settle down into a state of equilibrium, becoming what is known as a main sequence star.
Nuclear fusion powers a star for most of its life. Initially the energy is generated by the fusion of hydrogen atoms at the core of the main sequence star. Later, as the preponderance of atoms at the core becomes helium, stars like the Sunbegin to fuse hydrogen along a spherical shell surrounding the core. This process causes the star to gradually grow in size, passing through the subgiant stage until it reaches the red giant phase. Stars with at least half the mass of the Sun can also begin to generate energy through the fusion of helium at their core, while more massive stars can fuse heavier elements along a series of concentric shells. Once a star like the Sun has exhausted its nuclear fuel, its core collapses into a dense white dwarf and the outer layers are expelled as a planetary nebula. Stars with around ten or more times the mass of the Sun can explode in a supernova as

########
Rank: 15
Score: 43.874092
Retrieved Text: As I have told you so many times that I have no fingers in my hands to tell them, the universe is a living being where, all its parts, have their cycles. That is to say, the elements that contain this universe, have life cycles since they are elementary particles, until they are again since, as always, we must see the universal principle that energy is neither created nor destroyed, alone Is transformed and, therefore, the same can be seen of the mass.
Yes friends, the end of a star depends on the size and, above all, on the mass of it and this is the one that, by physical causes and, primarily, the greatest physical cause of which no one can escape in this universe for good Or for bad, gravity, will indicate its end.
There is a type of stars that their mass is considered “elevated” (elevated with respect to a norm, our Sun) of from 10 solar masses whose end or step before the end is to become a supernova.
What is a supernova? It’s very simple. If we imagine a star as a wood-burning fireplace, we will see that in the chimney we will have fire as long as there is fuel (already, and oxygen, do not be me tiquismiquis). In the formation of stars, the most common element that exists in the universe and which is the basis of everything is hydrogen, an atom nothing heavy, the first of the periodic table, and the most abundant because simple. So the stars, by gravity, have

########
Rank: 16
Score: 43.796345
Retrieved Text: SUMMARY: Our Sun is in the middle age of life, and that's a good thing for us here on Earth. But in a few billion years, when the Sun runs out of hydrogen to fuel its massive fusion furnace, it will balloon into a massive red giant, engulfing the inner planets, including the Earth, before it shrinks again into a white dwarf. Is that the end of our solar system? Maybe not. Although they might get a little (okay... a lot) scorched, the outer planets might actually survive the experience in one piece. German researchers have found the first planet orbiting a white dwarf star, so there appears there's a future for planets when their star becomes a red giant.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 43.076435
Retrieved Text: There are quite a few ways for a star to die, but in general people tend to think of stars as going out with a bang.
The term “supernova” refers to the incredibly energetic explosions caused when certain stars reach certain points in their life-cycles. Supernovae can often briefly outshine whole galaxies of billions of stars, and wreak utter destruction on anything unlucky enough to be within a hundred or so light years of the event. But supernovae aren’t just incredible natural events — they’re also the most important type of event for the development of complex matter and, by extension, life.
This image composite shows the search for the supernova, nicknamed Refsdal, using the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope. The image to the left shows a part of the the deep field observation of the galaxy cluster MACS J1149.5+2223 from the Frontier Fields programme. The circle indicates the predicted position of the newest appearance of the supernova. To the lower right the Einstein cross event from late 2014 is visible. The image on the top right shows observations by Hubble from October 2015, taken at the beginning of observation programme to detect the newest appearance of the supernova. The image on the lower right shows the discovery of the Refsdal Supernova on 11 December 2015, as predicted by several different models.
First, why supernova occur. Essentially, when enough gas all collects in one place, it starts to have enough mass to exert a meaningful amount of gravitational energy, focused most powerfully on the center of the growing sphere-like cloud.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 42.89912
Retrieved Text: I'm imagining a planet around a Red Dwarf Star...think Trappist-1...and want to know how I can prevent tidal locking for an Earth-sized terrestrial planet in such a star's habitable zone....say, 1/50th to 1/20th of an AU from the star.
From what I gather, the close distance to the star would make it likely that any such planet would be tidally locked.
Would having a large moon allow this hypothetical planet maintain a regular rotation?
Or what if there was a large planet, maybe a mini-Neptune, next to it in orbit? Would that have any effect on the tidal-locking?
The more evenly distributed the mass, the weaker the effect of tidal forces will be. Also, if the planet is far from the parent star, tidal forces will be weaker. Remember, the tidal forces are the result of the difference in gravitational pull across the planet. The distance from the center of the star to the near side of the planet vs. the distance from the center of the star to the far side of the planet. The more distant the planet is, the smaller the difference between the near and far side (comparatively).
Of course, in terms of habitability, this brings up a whole new set of problems.
The moon rotating has angular momentum. The process that causes a planet to tidal lock will also cause a moon spiral in. Moons will escape in some cases because the hill sphere shrinks as a planet gets closer to the host star.
Suppose we think of a double planet as a single thing. The process of

########
Rank: 19
Score: 42.84039
Retrieved Text: What happens to the positrons produced by the nuclear reactions in the core of the Sun?
the balance of gravity inward and gas pressure outward.
Where is the Sun's energy generated?
mostly by radiation but with convection in the outer layers.
decreases outward from the center, but then increases again.
1/4 of the Sun's radius.
can penetrate easily through both the gas of the Sun's interior and the solid Earth.
12. Which part of the Sun is the origin of most of the light we see?
a continuous bright spectrum, crossed by thousands of dark absorption lines.
17. What is a spicule on the Sun?
19. What is the source of the solar wind?
20. Where on the Sun do sunspots occur?
the Sun to the next maximum?
differential rotation and its effect on weak magnetic fields.
24. Solar flares occur at what positions on the solar disk?
25. What appears to be the source of the energy in coronal mass ejections?
Light, leaving a point source, spreads out so that the apparent brightness, b , of light per unit area varies with distance d according to which law ( means "proportional to")?
Suppose that, at night, the brightness of a light bulb is measured from a certain distance and then the light bulb is moved to a distance twice as far away. How bright will the light appear compared to the earlier measurement?
brightness of a star, as seen from Earth.
At what distance are stars assumed to be from Earth when they are represented by their absolute (as opposed to their apparent) magnitude?
the intensity of light from stars through several limited-bandpass filters from

########
Rank: 20
Score: 42.68912
Retrieved Text: An international team of astronomers, including researchers from the University of Southampton, has identified a companion star that triggered a distant supernova by studying debris from the cosmic explosion.
The research collaboration investigated ultraviolet light gathered by the Hubble Space Telescope to deduce that the binary system’s type Ia supernova was likely caused by a white dwarf interacting with a much larger, red giant star.
Southampton researchers Professor Mark Sullivan and Dr Mathew Smith were part of the team of over a dozen scientists that observed the SN 2015cp supernova, some 545 million light years from earth. Almost two years after the supernova’s initial detection, the collaboration picked up the ultraviolet glow of debris around 62 billion miles from the supernova source which showed signs of hydrogen, indicating something other than a common carbon-oxygen white dwarf.
The team made the finding as part of a wider study into Type Ia supernovae, which occur when a white dwarf star suddenly explodes due to the activity of a binary companion. The explosions are very bright - about five to 10 billion times brighter than the Sun – and can be seen at very great distances. The similar properties of white dwarf stars prior to and during these explosions allows them to be used as ‘standard candles’ that can be studied to measure distances in the universe.
The Hubble Space Telescope was essential for detecting the ultraviolet signature of SN 2015cp, before researchers undertook additional observations from sites including the W. M. Keck Observatory in Hawaii, the Karl G. Jansky Very Large Array

########
Rank: 21
Score: 42.19713
Retrieved Text: BERKELEY – The detailed account of an exploding star made 432 years ago by the great Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe, together with new data from the Hubble Space Telescope, the 10-meter W. M. Keck telescopes and other observatories, is helping today's astronomers pin down the origins of supernova explosions.
An international team of astronomers led by Spain's Pilar Ruiz-Lapuente and including UC Berkeley's Alex Filippenko has identified the probable surviving companion star to a titanic supernova explosion witnessed in the year 1572 by Brahe and other astronomers of that era. This discovery provides the first direct evidence supporting the long-held belief that Type Ia supernovae come from binary star systems containing a normal star and a burned-out white dwarf star. The normal star spills material onto the dwarf, which eventually triggers an explosion.
"There was no previous evidence pointing to any specific kind of companion star out of the many that had been proposed. Here we have identified a clear path: the feeding star is similar to our sun, slightly more aged," said Ruiz-Lapuente of the University of Barcelona.
The 16th century exploding star, which appeared in the constellation Cassiopeia, was seen in daylight for about two weeks, and remained visible to the naked eye for 16 months. Brahe's meticulous record of the brightening and dimming of the supernova now allows astronomers to identify its "light signature" as that of a Type Ia supernova.
"This was at the end of the Dark Ages in Europe, and these observations were an important piece of evidence that the heavens were not immutable,"

########
Rank: 22
Score: 42.193584
Retrieved Text: NASA defines astronomy "the study of stars, planets and space”.
All existing matters, energy & space as a whole form universe. It contains both normal and dark matters. The normal matters are the visible parts such as sun, star, galaxies which contribute only 5% and the rest 95% are called the dark matter which is generally invisible.
In astronomy & cosmology, space is the vast 3-dimensional region that begins where the earth's atmosphere ends. There are inter steller & intergalactic spaces.
Study of Universe is known as Cosmology.
Big Bang Theory explains the origin of the universe.
Universe comprises galaxies, that are huge concentration of stars.
Galaxies are also known as Island Universe.
Stars account for most of the Galactic Mass.
They tend to form groups called Constellations.
A star goes through various stages of evolution.
A nebula is a cloud of gas (hydrogen)- and dust in space. Nebulae are the birthplaces of stars.
A star is a luminous globe of gas producing its own heat and light by nuclear reactions [nuclear fusion).
Stars are born from nebulae and consist mostly of hydrogen and helium gas.
Red Giant stars is a dying star, i.e. the later stages of the evolution of a star like the Sun, as it runs out of hydrogen fuel at its centre.
In few billion years, the Sun will turn into a red giant star, expand and engulf the inner plan ets, possibly even the Earth. Red Giant stars are very cool, faint and small stars, approximately one tenth the mass and diameter of the Sun. Proxima Centauri and Barnard's Star are red dwarfs.
Red Dwarf stars

########
Rank: 23
Score: 42.12693
Retrieved Text: At one time or another, all science enthusiasts have heard the late Carl Sagan’s infamous words: “We are made of star stuff.” But what does that mean exactly? How could colossal balls of plasma, greedily burning away their nuclear fuel in faraway time and space, play any part in spawning the vast complexity of our Earthly world? How is it that “the nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies” could have been forged so offhandedly deep in the hearts of these massive stellar giants?
Unsurprisingly, the story is both elegant and profoundly awe-inspiring.
All stars come from humble beginnings: namely, a gigantic, rotating clump of gas and dust. Gravity drives the cloud to condense as it spins, swirling into an ever more tightly packed sphere of material. Eventually, the star-to-be becomes so dense and hot that molecules of hydrogen in its core collide and fuse into new molecules of helium. These nuclear reactions release powerful bursts of energy in the form of light. The gas shines brightly; a star is born.
The ultimate fate of our fledgling star depends on its mass. Smaller, lightweight stars burn though the hydrogen in their core more slowly than heavier stars, shining somewhat more dimly but living far longer lives. Over time, however, falling hydrogen levels at the center of the star cause fewer hydrogen fusion reactions; fewer hydrogen fusion reactions mean less energy, and therefore less outward pressure.
At a certain point, the star can no longer maintain the tension

########
Rank: 24
Score: 42.066444
Retrieved Text: Why do some stars explode as supernovae? Two types of stars generate supernovae. The first type, called a type Ia supernova is produced by a star's burned- out core. This stellar relic, called a white dwarf, siphons hydrogen from a companion star, thereby making it 1.4 times more massive than our Sun [called the Chandrasekhar limit]. This excess bulk leads to explosive burning of carbon and other chemical elements that make up the white dwarf, thereby producing a supernova explosion.
A star that is more than eight times as massive as our Sun generates the second type, called type II. When the star runs out of nuclear fuel, the core collapses, but when it reaches enormous densities, the collapse is halted, as if hitting a brick wall. The shock wave that ensues propagates through the outer layers and rips them apart, ejecting these layers at speeds of ten thousand miles per second.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 41.84592
Retrieved Text: Not-to-scale schematic cross section of a hot subdwarf B star. Credit: Uwe W.
Two already-hydrogen-lacking white dwarf stars merge into one, with enough mass to re-ignite helium fusion. Such a violent collision event would tend to produce sdB stars that rotate rapidly.
Two stars form together. When the more massive star expands to become a red giant, the companion is engulfed. During this common envelope stage, the conditions are “just so” to allow the red giant to eject a significant amount of mass well before evolving into a white dwarf.
Generally, case (2) is considered most likely, even though the physical conditions needed to trigger this scenario are not fully understood. Observations show us that most sdB stars are slow rotators. And while it’s true that many sdB stars don’t appear to be in binaries, it is important to remember we can only detect binary stars in certain situations. It is also possible that a companion star could be destroyed during the common envelope stage.
This sdB star has a friend!
Astronomers love their acronyms, and the MUCHFUSS survey (Massive Unseen Companions to Hot Faint Underluminous Stars from SDSS) is no exception. Today’s paper reports a discovery from this survey: SDSS J162256.66+473051.1, an sdB star with a varying radial velocity, which indicates an orbiting companion. The authors followed up on the discovery with photometry and spectroscopy, which gave them a light curve and a radial velocity curve, shown below. With this information, they pieced together the story of this unique pair of stars.
This binary system has an orbital period of just

########
Rank: 26
Score: 41.827454
Retrieved Text: Scientists at the University of Cambridge have discovered the smallest star ever. The star is comparable to size and radius to that of Saturn and located 600 light years away from Earth.
The smallest star, named as EBLM J0555-57Ab, identified as following a binary star system –a system of two stars revolving around a common center. Scientists confirmed the discovery of this star after correlating photo electric signals from WASP (Wide Angle Search for Planets) and analyzing data of radial velocities from CORALIE and light curves with the Euler and TRAPPIST telescopes.
"Had this star formed with only a slightly lower mass, the fusion reaction of hydrogen in its core could not be sustained, and the star would instead have transformed into a brown dwarf" said Alexander von Boetticher, University of Cambridge, UK, who is the lead author of the team of scientists. He further added, “Our research reveals how small star can be”.
Initially, the team had not recognized it as a star until it is observed passing the larger star. Such stars are generally identified when the radiance of a larger star blocked and dipped due to smaller one. Another team member and co-author, Amaury Triaud said, “It’s like trying to find a candle beside a light house”, underlying the challenges of identifying smaller planets or stars that are 20% lesser in size of the Sun. To prove his theory right, the tiny star discovered is 2000-3000 times dimmer than Sun.
“The smallest stars provide optimal conditions for the discovery of Earth-like planets, and for the remote exploration

########
Rank: 27
Score: 41.785282
Retrieved Text: A simulation image shows a Type Ia supernova (in brown). The explosion ejects material at a velocity of approximately 10,000 kilometers per second (6,200 miles per second), slamming into its companion star (light blue). The collision produces an ultraviolet pulse.
Debris blown off a dying star collided with its companion, creating a blast of ultraviolet radiation that is helping scientists to better understand the evolution of one of the key tools to measure the expansion of the universe.
Known as Type Ia supernovas, these rare events have led scientists to argue for two different theories, but new observations of a recent supernova by NASA's space-based Swift telescope suggest that both may be correct.
"This pulse of radiation is strong evidence for the existence of a companion star in a Type Ia supernova," Cao said.
Type Ia supernovas play key roles in helping scientists measure the expansion of the universe, but how these objects formed has remained a subject of debate for many years. Both of the two hypotheses regarding their origin start with a white dwarf, the dying remnant of a star, in orbit with a companion. The interaction between the two results in the signature explosion.
The companion to the exploding white dwarf is the key element of both ideas. Under the double-degenerate model, the companion is a white dwarf. When the two white dwarfs merge, a Type Ia supernova occurs. In the single-degenerate model, the companion remains a full-fledged star. Gravity pulls material from the star onto the white dwarf until it triggers a nuclear reaction that results in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 41.606606
Retrieved Text: Why Are Stars Different Colors?
Stars are beautiful, wondrous things. Much like planets, planetoids and other stellar bodies, they come in many sizes, shapes, and even colors. And over the course of many centuries, astronomers have come to discern several different types of stars based on these fundamental characteristics.
For instance, the color of a star – which varies from bluish-white and yellow to orange and red – is primarily due to its composition and effective temperature. And at all times, stars emit light which is a combination of several different wavelengths. On top of that, the color of a star can change over time.
Different elements emit different wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation when heated. In the case of stars, his includes its main constituents (hydrogen and helium), but also the various trace elements that make it up. The color that we see is the combination of these different electromagnetic wavelengths, which are referred to as as a Planck’s curve.
The wavelength at which a star emits the most light is called the star’s “peak wavelength” (which known as Wien’s Law), which is the peak of its Planck curve. However, how that light appears to the human eye is also mitigated by the contributions of the other parts of its Planck curve.
In short, when the various colors of the spectrum are combined, they appear white to the naked eye. This will make the apparent color of the star appear lighter than where star’s peak wavelength falls on the color spectrum. Consider our Sun. Despite the fact that its peak emission

########
Rank: 29
Score: 41.51658
Retrieved Text: Question: is there different types of stars?
Asked by Benmacanbeatha to Colin, John, Kevin, Shikha, Triona on 16 Nov 2014. This question was also asked by nadinefinlay.
Red Giant Stars: Once a star has used up all of its hydrogen fuel in its core it transitions off the main sequence and becomes a red giant.
White Dwarfs: When low-mass stars, like our Sun, reach the end of their lives they enter the red giant phase. But the outward radiation pressure exceeds the gravitational pressure and the star expands farther and farther out into space. Eventually, the outer envelope of the star begins to merge with interstellar space and all that is left behind is the remnant of the star’s core. This core is a smoldering ball of carbon and other various elements that glows as it cools. While often referred to as a star, a white dwarf is not technically a star as it does not undergo nuclear fusion.
Neutron Stars: A neutron star, like a white dwarf or black hole, is actually not a star but a remains of star. When a massive star reaches the end of its life it undergoes a supernova explosion, leaving behind its incredibly dense core. A soup-can full of neutron star material would have about the same mass as our Moon. There only objects known to exist in the Universe that have greater density are black holes.
Black Holes: Black holes are the result of very massive stars collapsing in on themselves due to the massive gravity they create. When the star reaches the

================



======= Instance Index 48 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Waves hit the coast
- Waves have energy that pushes the water and sediment
- The sediment can help erode land like sandpaper
- Water washes the sediment back
- Some sediment is left as sand.

Question:
suppose icebergs form and lower water levels happens, how will it affect MORE erosion by the ocean.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: B

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 40.50386
Retrieved Text: Browse the article If the polar ice caps melted, how much would the oceans rise?
Antarctica accounts for about 90 percent of the world's ice. See more pictures of glaciers.
You may have heard about global warming. It seems that in the last 100 years the earth's temperature has increased about half a degree Celsius. This may not sound like much, but even half a degree can have an effect on our planet. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) the sea level has risen 6 to 8 inches (15 to 20 cm) in the last 100 years (see How do they measure sea level?).
­This higher temperature may be causing some floating icebergs to melt, but this will not make the oceans rise. Icebergs are large floating chunks of ice. In order to float, the iceberg displaces a volume of water that has a weight equal to that of the iceberg. Submarines use this principle to rise and sink in the water, too.
But the rising temperature and icebergs could play a small role in the rising ocean level. Icebergs are chunks of frozen glaciers that break off from landmasses and fall into the ocean. The rising temperature may be causing more icebergs to form by weakening the glaciers, causing more cracks and making ice mo­re likely to break off. As soon as the ice falls into the ocean, the ocean rises a little.
If the rising temperature affects glaciers and icebergs, could the polar ice caps be in danger of melting and causing the oceans to rise? This

########
Rank: 1
Score: 38.173534
Retrieved Text: Extract: Why icebergs mean oceans store more carbon Here’s how it works: as Antarctic ice sheets slowly slide towards the ocean they bump along the continent’s bedrock, picking up iron and other nutrients which become imprisoned within the ice. When icebergs melt they release these chemicals into the sea. As icebergs are essentially freshwater, their water is buoyant and ascends to the ocean surface, where the iron and nutrients are utilised by phytoplankton – tiny plant-like organisms at the bottom of the marine food web. This makes a big difference in the Southern Ocean, where limited dissolved iron – important for cell growth – restricts productivity despite an abundance of nitrate. Melting icebergs release iron in a bio-available form, so encourage phytoplankton growth, photosynthesis, and the draw-down of atmospheric CO2.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 37.957005
Retrieved Text: Most of the erosion taking place on Antarctic icebergs occurs after the bergs have emerged into the open Southern Ocean. Melt and percolation through the weak firn layer bring most of the freeboard volume to the melting point. This allows ocean wave action around the edges to penetrate the freeboard portion of the berg. Erosion occurs both mechanically and through the enhanced transport of heat from ocean turbulence. The result is a wave cut that can penetrate for several metres into the berg. The snow and firn above it may collapse to create a growler (a floating block about the size of a grand piano) or a bergy bit (a larger block about the size of a small house). At the same time, the turbulence level is enhanced around existing irregularities such as cracks and crevasses. Waves eat their way into these features, causing cracks to grow into caves whose unsupported roofs may also collapse. Through these processes, the iceberg can evolve into a drydock or a pinnacled berg. (Both types are composed of apparently independent freeboard elements that are linked below the waterline.) Such a berg may look like a megalithic stone circle with shallow water in the centre.
Icebergs are typically divided into six types. Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.
On the basis of their observations of iceberg deterioration, American researchers W.F. Weeks and Malcolm Mellor have proposed a rough formula for predicting melt loss: –Z = K D, where Z = loss in metres per day from the walls and bottom of the iceberg, K = a

########
Rank: 3
Score: 37.472668
Retrieved Text: Icebergs! I had the opportunity to see many icebergs up close since I have been in Antarctica. In the area around Cape Roberts and in several other locations, icebergs are frozen into the sea ice of the Ross Sea. These are icebergs that got trapped in the winter before they reached the water of the open sea. I walked around and up to several of these huge ice cubes. I even had the opportunity to climb up on one.
Icebergs are fragments of ice sheets and glaciers that extend into a sea or ocean. Icebergs will break off their ends and float in the surrounding ocean. Ninety-three percent of the world's mass of icebergs is found surrounding the Antarctic. Antarctic icebergs are characterized by their tremendous size and tabular shape. Lengths up to five miles are not unusual, with ice 150 feet above water. I saw several that were like medium sized islands. Most Antarctic icebergs are formed from the Antarctic continental ice sheet as it thins toward the coast and exudes into the ocean as a great ice shelf with fronts hundreds of miles long. The glacial ice of most icebergs has a specific gravity of .9 (Density = .9g/mL). This only means that about 90% of the mass of an iceberg is below the sea. (See diagram.) An icebergs' appearance depends upon how it is floating in the water. Many have flat tops, looking like floating plateaus. This happens when the iceberg is floating with the original surface of the glacier on top. These types

########
Rank: 4
Score: 37.09983
Retrieved Text: The BBC keeps asking good and penetrating questions about the fate of Greenland’s many icebergs in general and Petermann Glacier’s Ice Island in particular. A poor telephone connection across the Atlantic this morning prevented an interview, but made me answer a number of questions in writing. When answering these questions, I was thinking of those icebergs and ice islands one finds in abundance in the frigid waters of Baffin Bay, the Labrador Sea, and next to Greenland. I am not talking about what happens once icebergs enter the subtropical Atlantic Ocean and meet the Gulf Stream to the south of the Grand Banks, that is a different story.
1. What can icebergs tell us about oceans?
Icebergs are particles that track averaged ocean currents over the top 200-m or so. These currents are often refered to as “geostrophic” currents which is really a different word for an ocean force balance between pressure gradients (estimated from measurements of temperature and salinity changes with depth at many locations) and the Coriolis force due to the earth’s rotation. This is why RADM Edward H. “Iceberg” Smith of the US Coast Guard spent so much time sailing and taking measurements off northern Canada in the 1920ies and 1930ies as part of the International Ice Patrol. His outstanding publications 80 years old are a first example on how to apply theory (the Scandinavian or Bergen School of the 1920ies regarding dynamical physical oceanography) to a very specific application.
2. How does the trajectory of the ice-islands/ and other icebergs show information about the ocean

########
Rank: 5
Score: 36.370308
Retrieved Text: How do icebergs play a part in the water cycle?
Icebergs are large pieces of freshwater ice floating in open water. Icebergs are “born" when they break off from glaciers or ice shelves in a process called “calving."
Most of the glaciers that calve icebergs can be found along the shores of Greenland. Approximately 10,000 to 15,000 new icebergs break off from these glaciers each year.
Icebergs come in all shapes and sizes. Icebergs the size of a house are considered small.
Icebergs can be much, much bigger. Some icebergs can be as big as an airplane, a building or even an aircraft carrier! The tallest iceberg on record was about 550 feet tall.
So how big does a chunk of ice have to be to be called an iceberg? By definition, icebergs must extend out of the water at least 17 feet and be at least 50 feet long.
As they melt and become smaller, they are sometimes called “growlers" because of the animal-like sounds they make when trapped air escapes as they melt.
While ice cubes floating in your soda seem safe enough, icebergs floating in the ocean can actually be quite dangerous to ships. In fact, an iceberg was responsible for one of the worst maritime disasters of all time.
On the night of April 14, 1912, the RMS Titanic was crossing the North Atlantic when it collided with an iceberg. Although the ship's lookouts had seen the iceberg with enough advance warning to avoid a head-on collision, the ship still struck the portion of the iceberg that was underwater.
The iceberg

########
Rank: 6
Score: 34.95679
Retrieved Text: The Great Ocean Conveyor is propelled by the sinking of cold, salty (and therefore denser) waters in the North Atlantic Ocean (blue arrows). That helps pull warm, salty Gulf Stream waters northward (red arrows). The Gulf Stream gives up heat to the atmosphere above the North Atlantic Ocean, and prevailing winds (large red arrows) carry the heat eastward to warm Europe.
At the end of last summer’s melt season the Arctic ice cover was at its lowest extent since satellite observations began nearly 30 years ago. Shockingly, this is roughly 40% lower than the previous minimum, measured just two years ago. While there has been a steady decline in ice cover over the satellite record, some scientists believe that the shrinkage will continue to accelerate, leaving an ice-free summertime Arctic Ocean in a matter of decades. Although the vanishing of the ice has garnered headlines, other high-latitude manifestations of global warming have also been observed and/or predicted, including more storms (hence more precipitation), more river run-off, increased glacier melt, and fresher input into the Arctic from the Pacific Ocean. All of these changes, in addition to the vanishing pack-ice, consistently point to an increasing discharge of freshwater from the Arctic to the Atlantic Ocean.
Consequently, there is widespread concern about the impact of this increased freshwater on the meridional overturning circulation (MOC) of the Atlantic. The MOC helps regulate our climate by bringing warm, shallow water poleward (primarily via the Gulf Stream system), which then cools and sinks at high latitudes – ultimately returning to the equator as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 34.010315
Retrieved Text: Destruction of roads, railways etc.
Ice retreats from a large terminal moraine, and a lake forms between the moraine and glacier.
Examples: 1) Nostetuko Lake, BC. The Little Ice Age moraine dammed a lake that drained catastrophically by cutting a channel through the moraine in 1983. 2) Manang, Nepal. The town of Manang is across the valley and above the moraine dammed lake.
Example: 1) Laguna Parron, Peru. A debris covered glacier terminus forms the dam. The lake level has been lowered by drilling a tunnel through the bedrock. 2) Lake Russell, Alaska.
When the ice is thick and the lake shallow, the glacier is a very good dam. The flow of ice can seal cracks, as long as the pressure from the overlying ice is much larger than that of the water trying to get out through the cracks.
If the lake is deep the glacier is not a good dam. Water can flow through glaciers in tunnels. If the pressure is close to or higher than the overburden pressure, there is nothing the tunnel can do to reduce the pressure. The tunnel then grows, since the flowing water also melts the inside of the tunnel.
Water level is still ~20 m below floatation, so floatation is not necessary.
Excess pressure shear stress at 45 deg to vertical wall. If shear stress larger than 100 kPa ( 200 m water level) then plastic flow of ice. But jökulhlaup often happen at lower lake levels.
Flow through tunnels, and melting out of tunnels.
Hubbard glacier is a large glacier ending in the ocean near Yakutat,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 33.668903
Retrieved Text: An Italian adventurer will be packing his bags and moving to an iceberg in Greenland so he can reverse global warming. He plans on living there for eight to twelve months, which is the length of time he expects that his new home will exist before it melts into water.
In the Spring of 2015, Alex Bellini will bring his backpack, replete with 300 kilos of dehydrated food and some electronic equipment and his floating Kevlar survival capsule. This will come in handy down the road when he wakes up one morning floating adrift in the Atlantic Ocean.
Of course, that is if everything goes as planned. Last month, Russian climate change scientists aboard the 233-foot Akademik Shokalskiy learned a cold and lonely lesson about icebergs when they were trapped in the ice for three weeks off the coast of Antarctica. It took a rescue contingency of American, Chinese, and Australians icebreakers and helicopters to finally free the researchers from their icy prison.
Ironically, the trapped scientists were on a mission to observe and report on the decline of polar ice, but to their chagrin there was quite a bit more than they had expected.
Bellini won’t let that episode get in his way of proving to the world that icebergs are melting, the seas ar rising, and coastal cities will soon be overwhelmed by the rising tides. “For me it’s a time to act, I will be alone,” he explains. However, not entirely alone; the Italian will, for short periods of time, be visited by writers, bloggers, and environmentalists

########
Rank: 9
Score: 33.236557
Retrieved Text: "Iceberg dynamics in modern and glacial oceans"
Icebergs released from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets drift in the modern high-latitude oceans, releasing meltwater as they go and capsizing when their shapes become unstable. The role that they play in the global ocean circulation and climate depends crucially on the iceberg drift trajectories, which often are interpreted using an empirical rule-of-thumb to account for the influence of winds and ocean currents. The flux of icebergs from Greenland and Antarctica has recently increased and is projected to further increase in the future, perhaps dramatically. This raises analogies to the Heinrich events of the last glacial period, when there were massive discharges of icebergs from the Laurentide Ice Sheet which are believed to have drifted enigmatically long distances in the North Atlantic and disrupted the global climate. In this talk, I will present several results related to an idealized model of iceberg drift and decay that we have recently developed. These results include (i) the identification and correction of substantial flaws in a standard representation of iceberg capsizing that has been used in dozens of previous modeling studies, (ii) a mathematical derivation and physical explanation of the empirical rule-of-thumb for how winds and ocean currents influence iceberg drift, and (iii) a proposed physical mechanism involving sea ice and wave erosion that could have substantially increased the lengths of iceberg drift trajectories during glacial Heinrich events, with implications regarding the impact on the climate system if a large iceberg discharge event occurs in the future.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 33.030785
Retrieved Text: Iron and other minerals cascade into the ocean from icebergs’ melting waters.
Massive icebergs more than 18km long are feeding vital nutrients into the Southern Ocean and helping to increase its carbon storage capacity.
LONDON, 16 January, 2016 – British scientists have identified the monsters that fertilise the Southern Ocean and help remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.
Giant icebergs drifting northwards could be responsible for storing up to a fifth of all the carbon that sinks into the south polar waters.
Geographers at the University of Sheffield report in Nature Geoscience journal that they analysed 175 satellite images of ocean colour – an indicator of phytoplankton activity.
They learned that each huge iceberg, as it breaks off the ice shelf and begins to float away, also begins to cascade iron and other vital mineral nutrients in its melting waters. This is enough to stimulate ferocious plankton productivity for up to a month in its wake.
The icebergs are not small − the researchers define “giant” as at least 18 kilometres in length − and nor can they be very frequent.
“We detected substantially enhanced chlorophyll levels, typically over a radius of at least four to 10 times the iceberg’s length,” says Grant Bigg, Professor in Earth Systems Science, who led the research.
“The evidence suggests that carbon export increases by a factor of five to 10 over the area of influence, and up to a fifth of the Southern Ocean’s downward carbon flux originates with giant iceberg fertilisation.
The guess is that the Southern Ocean accounts for perhaps 10% of the ocean’s absorption of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 33.02731
Retrieved Text: Where can you find a Valley | How can you find a valley?
How can you find a valley?
Valleys exist in desert areas. The Nile Valley is one of the most famous valleys in Egypt. There is another famous valley in Red Rocks, Utah. Valleys, fjords and hanging valleys. The Avalanche Lake (Glacier National Park, Montana) lies at the mouth of a classic U-shaped, glacial carved valley.
It is a valley cut by a small side valley that connects to a valley cut by a much bigger one. How much they can penetrate the countryside depends on their size: the bigger the ice, the lower the valley. Small icebergs can only be used to dig flat valley erosion, while large icebergs can dig much lower one.
The valley is a flat valley cut by a small ice and thus the height of the valley bottom "hangs" high above the height of the valley bottom hollowed out by the bigger one. In the upper right corner of the Hängetal in glacier National Park there is a Bird Woman Falls cascade.
There was a small ice stream that emerged from this valley and connected with a large valley ice that ran where Logan Creek is today. Because it was small in comparison to the valley covered by Logan Creek, it could not penetrate very far into the area. A valley is what we see today.
On this picture you look towards the south-southeast. Photograph taken from the position of the card. As the bottom of the valley is relatively shallow, the elevation curves

########
Rank: 12
Score: 32.742615
Retrieved Text: Conceptually, sea level is the zero height point where the ocean meets the land. Mean sea level (MSL) at a given point is the average of that level when one has taken into account such things as tides and wave action. Traditionally, measurements had to take into account the effect of the 19-year Metonic cycle and the 223-month Saros cycle on the tides. In actuality it is an extremely difficult constant to determine. Mean sea level is not constant over the surface of the entire earth. Mean sea level at the Pacific end of the Panama Canal is 20cm higher than at the Atlantic end.
The determination of sea level must take into account the ellipsoidal shape of the earth, and the effects of local gravitational anomalies. Over an extended period mean sea level will be affected by global warming in at least two ways: the run-off from melting glaciers on land, and the increased volume reflecting the coefficient of expansion of water. Melting icebergs do not affect ocean levels because the weight of an iceberg is the same as the weight of the volume of water that its submerged portion replaces. (See Archimedes' principle). Despite the difficulties, aviators using instrument flight rules must have accurate and reliable measurements of their altitudes above sea level, and the altitude of the airports where they intend to land. That problem can be compounded when the landing site is an aircraft carrier in a gravitational anomaly.
On other planets that lack a liquid ocean, a "mean altitude" can be calculated by

########
Rank: 13
Score: 32.62088
Retrieved Text: Frozen water is found in many different places on Earth. Snow blankets the ground at mid and high latitudes during winter. Sea ice and icebergs float in the chilly waters of polar oceans. Ice shelves fringe lands in Earth’s polar regions. Glaciers and larger ice sheets move slowly over land in polar regions. Glaciers are also found on high mountaintops around the world. The soils of polar regions, called permafrost, are filled with frozen water. Together, these different types of frozen water are known as the Earth’s cryosphere. Approximately three-quarters of the world’s fresh water is frozen in the cryosphere.
Some parts of the cryosphere, such as snow and the ice on ponds and lakes in mid-latitude locations, are only around during winter months. Other parts of the cryosphere, such as glaciers and ice sheets, stay frozen year-round and, in fact, can stay that way for tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years. Some of the ice in the ice sheet that covers most of the continent of Antarctica has been there for nearly a million years.
Because snow and ice are light in color, they reflect more of the Sun’s energy back into space. When snow and ice melt, darker ocean and land are exposed. The darker colors absorb and then radiate more of the Sun’s energy, warming the atmosphere.
When ice and snow melt, the water becomes part of the hydrosphere. For example, in the state of Washington in the western United States, melting snow and glaciers during summer provide 470 billion gallons of

########
Rank: 14
Score: 32.29521
Retrieved Text: Coastal Erosion is a natural occurrence on exposed and sheltered coasts alike. Currents, waves, and sea level changes directly affect erosion on the coast. While we as humans can contribute to the problem, we also can do our part to prevent it and restore our shorelines. See our 7 simple water pollution solutions.
For many coastal erosion control applications, the installation of a seawall or barrier may be necessary. To help with stabilization and filtration applications, geotextiles are often placed underneath the wall to help provide a firm area for stabilization. The two main types of geotextiles include: Woven Geotextiles and Nonwoven Geotextiles.
Another common choice for coastal erosion control are the breakwater geotextile tubes. These tubes are designed to help stabilize large coastal areas by helping to retain sand and sediment inside the tube. Tan colors are available for a more natural look.
We also offer several natural fiber products that can help with erosion control. Typical products include coir logs, erosion control mats, and straw blankets.
Call our GEI Works team at 1-772-646-0597 with any questions you may have.
As we consider erosion control solutions, it becomes difficult to know which one is best. Beach Restoration is simple but expensive and only temporary. It can leave a footprint where the new sand is harvested. Seawalls and jetties create larger waves and disrupts along-coast currents. There are solutions that are more permanent and better for the environment. Coir is natural coconut fiber and protects the soil while plant roots and shoots colonize and stabilize. Coir comes in mat, block, log,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 32.244633
Retrieved Text: The natural environment of the earth provides critical platform upon which all life based. Ecosystems provide regulating as well as supporting services that are essential for food production. Agriculture provides food to the rapidly growing global population of the world. It also remains the largest driver of environmental damage in the following fields: genetic erosion, conversion of natural habitats and species loss. Likewise, the environmental impacts of escalating food demand will depend on the direction which global agriculture takes.
According to Wesseler (2005), agriculture’s greenhouse gas release in the atmosphere will double by 2050 due to global food production demands. Over four thousand assessed plants and animals are threatened by agriculture intensification, and the number is still rising. There are overfishing and destructive fishing methods due to eutrophication caused by high nutrient run-off from agricultural areas (Todd 1980). Global food demand could double by 2050. Land clearing emits greenhouse gases, which also threatens species with extinction.
Deforestation refers to the removal of trees on a large area. It is a clearing of land for agriculture to meet demand for food. Deforestation causes risk for many wild crops mainly due to the loss of habitat, facilitates environmental degradation and land fragmentation, which causes extinction of many other species. It also causes soil erosion with nitrogen fertilizers that drain into the seas, rivers and ocean facilitating growth of aquatic plants like water hyacinth. Aquatic plants, such as water hyacinth, reduce oxygen and light penetration in water. According to Timberlake (2009), increase in global land clearing will total to an approximation

########
Rank: 16
Score: 32.03859
Retrieved Text: Over the past century, the pH of the ocean has decreased from 8.2 to 8.1. This doesn’t seem like a lot, but it represents a faster rate than at any time in the last 300 million years. The big question is: how will ocean acidification affect marine ecosystems and organisms?
It’s not an easy question to answer. In the lab, scientists can set up a series of seawater tanks with a variety of pH levels to figure out how different species react to more acidic water, observing the structure of their shells, their metabolism, or their behavior. Or researchers can go to areas with naturally high carbon dioxide and acid levels, such as natural carbon dioxide seeps, to study how those ecosystems are faring. But learning from these experiments is not enough: to really understand how acidification will affect organisms, scientists need to observe it in the field.
There are two main ways to go about this: zoom-in on individual species and see how they are affected by rising acidity, or zoom-out and look at how entire ecosystems are changing. However, neither is particularly easy. The ocean is undergoing so many changes at once—warming water, acidification, nutrient pollution, overfishing, and habitat destruction, to name a few—that it can be difficult to tease out the exact impacts of each.
There was great excitement, and worry, when the first physical evidence of ocean acidification was reported: the shells of sea butterflies in Antarctic waters are dissolving. Sea butterflies (Limacina helicina) are delicate animals. Instead of dragging their bodies around with a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 31.952381
Retrieved Text: West Antarctic ice shelves are losing mass and experiencing breakup events, including collapse of the Larsen B ice shelf in January-March 2002 and calving from the Filchner-Ronne ice shelf during 1998-2000. To better understand the consequences of these changes, satellite imagery from the Alaska Satellite Facility (ASF), RADARSAT-1, and more recently, Advanced Land Observing Satellite-Phased Array L-band SAR (ALOS PALSAR), has been used to look at the distribution and abundance of free-drifting icebergs (i.e., free of sea ice) in the Weddell Sea.
A combination of shipboard iceberg surveys and image analysis is being used to quantify size-specific iceberg density and mass over time in the Weddell Sea from 1996-2007. The shipboard data are used to calibrate the areal size estimates made from imagery to mass estimates for an observed population of icebergs. The data show expected seasonal changes in abundance and an apparent increase over time.
The iceberg population shows large increases after major iceshelf breakup events resulting in a relatively small number of large and mid-sized icebergs that breakup into more abundant and widely-distributed smaller icebergs. The results to date support the hypothesis that iceberg abundance is increasing in the Weddell Sea in response to atmospheric and oceanic warming, although the time series are yet too short to be statistically conclusive. Surprisingly, a considerable portion of the icebergs found in the Weddell Sea originate in other parts of the Antarctic continent, including the Ross, Shackleton, and Amery ice shelves. Because icebergs strongly influence the surrounding air and ocean environments, their shifting abundance has important impacts on ocean

########
Rank: 18
Score: 31.87755
Retrieved Text: For the first time scientists have begun mapping one of the remotest areas of Antarctica.
The area, called the Recovery Catchment, sits halfway between the South Pole and the Halley VI research station on the Brunt Ice Shelf in northeast Antarctica.
Last year researchers proposed that the Recovery Catchment, which sits above a major glacial basin, could be affected by rising ocean temperatures as early as the end of this century.
It's thought that the dynamics and flow speeds of the ice streams and glaciers underneath the Catchment could be affected by warming ocean waters, which would have a major impact as it's thought to contain enough ice to raise global sea levels by as much as three metres.
While this inaccessible location is currently stable, it has only been assessed in the past by satellite data, so scientists don't know how changes in climate and temperature will affect it.
The ICEGRAV project - a major international collaboration between UK, US, Danish, Norwegian and Argentinian scientists - aims to explore the Recovery Catchment to understand how vulnerable it is to changes in the surrounding ocean and climate.
"Our aim was to explore one of the last frontiers in Antarctica - the Recovery Catchment. We need to understand the underlying topography as this will affect how the area responds to warming oceans," says Dr Fausto Ferraccioli of NERC's British Antarctic Survey (BAS), one of the researchers on the project. "If the bedrock dips inland, away from where the ice sheet meets the sea, it could cause warm water to enter the system and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 31.8566
Retrieved Text: Ocean acidification has been called the “evil twin” of global warming. That’s because rising carbon dioxide levels are not just supposed to result in an overly-warm world. They are also supposed to result in an overly-acidic ocean. How does carbon dioxide in the air affect the acidity of the ocean? Well, the ocean absorbs a large fraction of the carbon dioxide that is in the atmosphere. Some of that carbon dioxide then reacts with the water in the ocean, producing carbonic acid. The more carbon dioxide there is in the atmosphere, the more carbon dioxide the ocean will absorb. As the ocean absorbs more carbon dioxide, more carbonic acid will be made. Thus, rising carbon dioxide levels will lead to a more acidic ocean.
Now this might not sound like a big change, but the pH scale is logarithmic. That means if the pH decreases by 1 unit, the acidity has increased by a factor of 10! Thus, a drop in pH of 0.1 is actually a change of 26%. This means the ocean is 26% more acidic than it was before the beginning of the industrial revolution. If the models are correct (and who knows if they are), the ocean will increase in acidity by an additional 58 to 100 percent by the end of the century!
As the water becomes more acidic, corals and animals such as clams and mussels have trouble building their skeletons and shells. But even more sinister, the acidity can interfere with basic bodily functions for all marine animals, shelled or not.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 31.68264
Retrieved Text: For the sake of Water Distribution Initiatives, we ask that all the world leaders meeting at the Conference of People to change the law governing the Antarctic. It is a truly wonderful thing that countries got together to protect the Antarctic from any sort of commercialization, habitation, hunting, and generally being polluted, but it is high time the laws protecting Antarctica are revised to allow a world team to deal with the dangerous rate at which the ice is melting. It should be the United Nations Environmental Programme or one ‘not for profit’ world organization, that is formed to manage the waters of the world now.
The most obvious thing is to harvest the fresh, very oxygen-rich water coming off the icebergs, sometimes in drips, but very often torrents, continually causing sea levels to rise and create the obvious havoc with the ocean shoreline flooding as well as inland flooding. As you know, all that extra volume puts more pressure on the sea floor, triggering more frequent and severe earth shifts which trigger more frequent and severe tsunamis. Also, since fresh water evaporates more readily than salt water, it adds to increased precipitation, resulting in more inland and coastline flooding and more frequent superstorms, hurricanes, cyclones, etc., as evidenced by the past few years.
Since more rock is now exposed due to melting ice, an endothermic reaction is created, carrying the heat up the rock underneath the glacier, again hastening the melting.
I have had many discussions about how to harness the water coming off the icebergs when it

########
Rank: 21
Score: 31.595417
Retrieved Text: Expedition 6: Iceberg Systems in Antarctica!
Mariama’s current research involves using satellite imagery to measure how icebergs are melting around Antarctica. Icebergs are chunks of ice that break off of glaciers that flow into the ocean, called “marine-terminating glaciers.” Measuring iceberg melt can help us better understand changing ocean conditions (temperature and velocity), and how these changes might affect nearby glaciers. This is important information since the melting glaciers can affect ocean circulation, marine ecosystems, and sea level rise.
One of the coolest parts of Mariama’s work (sorry, bad iceberg joke!) is that she can use satellite technology to gather information that is nearly impossible to obtain from ships. Because it is so difficult to make these measurements in the field, it is difficult to fully understand the relationship between ocean conditions and glacier changes.
Sign up to join the next expedition and receive updates, announcements, and materials.
Contact Greg Kranich, 207.581.3292, or email UMaineFAR@Maine.edu. To request a disability accommodation, contact Greg Kranich.
Follow a Researcher® Extra!	Follow researcher Meghan Spoth, a first-year master’s student at the University of Maine, who is studying how climate change affects glaciers today and how glaciers have changed in the past. She is going into the field to study Thwaites Glacier in Antarctica then Mt Usborne on East Falkland Island!
University of Maine students share their field research experiences with youth.
Follow a Researcher® is a program of University of Maine Cooperative Extension 4-H.
With support from the Maine 4-H Foundation Board of Trustees.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 31.5888
Retrieved Text: The most significant cause of land degradation in India is water erosion. It has amounted to loss of 10.98% and 10.83% of total land lost in the period of 2011-2013 and 2003-05, respectively (Desertification and Land degradation Atlas of India, ISRO). Water erosion here, does not include the natural erosion caused by rivers. Rather, it is the erosion caused directly by (or as a consequence of) human activities.
Water erosion is the removal of topsoil (up to 20 cm of soil) due to the action of water. It is further divided into 3 types based on increasing severity. The initial stages of erosion are called sheet erosion, where water moves horizontally over a large area. The next stage is rill erosion, where small incisions take place as the water begins to collect along parts of the land at lower elevation (or weaker soil). It results in the formation of rills and narrow, shallow gullies. The last stage happens when these gullies widen and deepen, causing gully erosion. This is the most severe stage of erosion because entire sections of the soil can be washed off in a short time.
With respect to land degradation, though, sheet erosion has caused the most damage because it can cover a large area. It is most common in agricultural fields, due to improper agricultural practices.
Does water erosion happen in isolation?
Very rarely. Water erosion is generally a consequence of other practices like deforestation, over-irrigation, large scale crop plantation, etc. These practices produce conditions that allow water to wash away soil easily. For example,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 31.54256
Retrieved Text: Global Climate Change: What’s Happening And How Will It Affect Us?
Climate change is taking place! Slowly but surely it’s affecting everything, including the American continent. Over the past 50 years, in the U.S. alone, the temperatures have risen by 2°F. By the end of the century they are about to grow by another 7 – 11°F more. The effects can be dampened only if the pollution factor gets dropped to a minimum, this meaning the temperatures rise will only be about 4–6.5°F.
The U.S. Global Research Program (a consortium consisting of 13 federal department and agencies) released a reports that talk about the seriousness of climate changes and how they impact everyday life in the U.S. The general consensus is that if we act swiftly, cautiously and take all the necessary precautions, the impact of climate changes will be minimum on social life, the economy and the environment.
Here is what’s going on at the moment. And these changes will only continue to further throughout the continent, according to the Third National Climate Assessment Report.
The Northeast’s heat waves, heavy precipitations and the fast and constant rise of the sea level will end up in having severe consequences on every-day life. More and more cities in the danger zone have begun lately to consider the climate change effects as a serious problem, as they can heavily debilitate ecosystems, agriculture and even infrastructure.
In the Southeast there’s also talk and worry about the ever-rising sea level and the direct negative impact it could have on the local environment and economy. Extreme

########
Rank: 24
Score: 31.452885
Retrieved Text: Antarctica is already feeling the heat of climate change, with rapid melting and retreat of glaciers over recent decades.
Ice mass loss from Antarctica and Greenland contributes about 20% to the current rate of global sea level rise. This ice loss is projected to increase over the coming century.
A recent article on The Conversation raised the concept of “climate tipping points”: thresholds in the climate system that, once breached, lead to substantial and irreversible change.
Such a climate tipping point may occur as a result of the increasingly rapid decline of the Antarctic ice sheets, leading to a rapid rise in sea levels. But what is this threshold? And when will we reach it?
What does the tipping point look like?
The Antarctic ice sheet is a large mass of ice, up to 4 km thick in some places, and is grounded on bedrock. Ice generally flows from the interior of the continent towards the margins, speeding up as it goes.
Where the ice sheet meets the ocean, large sections of connected ice – ice shelves – begin to float. These eventually melt from the base or calve off as icebergs. The whole sheet is replenished by accumulating snowfall.
Floating ice shelves act like a cork in a wine bottle, slowing down the ice sheet as it flows towards the oceans. If ice shelves are removed from the system, the ice sheet will rapidly accelerate towards the ocean, bringing about further ice mass loss.
A tipping point occurs if too much of the ice shelf is lost. In some glaciers, this may spark

########
Rank: 25
Score: 31.427885
Retrieved Text: What is the long profile of a river?
The long profile shows the gradient of a river as it journeys from source to mouth. It spans the source of a river (where it starts) and the mouth (where it reaches the sea).
The long profile of a river is a way of displaying the channel slope (gradient) of a river along its entire length. Therefore, it shows how a river loses height with increasing distance towards the sea. A river tries to achieve a smooth curve to reach its base level at sea; this is called a graded long profile. The diagram below illustrates the long profile of a river. Notice how the gradient falls steeply, to begin with, then becomes concave and then almost flat.
As a river flows downstream from its source the profile changes due to the interaction of the process of erosion, transportation and deposition.
The diagram above shows how the long profile can be split into three courses based on the gradient.
The upper course of a river is found in an area of high relief. The long profile starts at the source of the river. Water trickles from saturated land and merges to form a channel.
The channel then flows downwards following a steep gradient. The steep channel gives the river more potential energy. In the upper course, there may be rapids and waterfalls as the river flows through steep V-shaped valleys.
The upper course of a river with rapids as the river flows through steep V-shaped valleys.
Erosion in the upper course of the river is mainly

########
Rank: 26
Score: 31.353073
Retrieved Text: A photographic primer on the dynamics of marine ice.
In the era of climate change, ice is a hot topic. It makes headlines for calving, drifting, and melting in the polar regions at alarming rates. But what is marine ice exactly?
The ocean’s ice comes from either the atmosphere or the sea itself. Glacial ice (which can cover vast areas, including Antarctica) originates from precipitation, while sea ice (also vast, depending on the season) forms when the ocean freezes.
Ice dominates both polar regions but in different ways. The Arctic is a frozen ocean surrounded by land. Antarctica, by contrast, is a frozen landmass surrounded by ocean. On a visit to either, your ship might bump through sea ice, but you would likely take more photographs of glacial ice because it’s responsible for icebergs. Sea ice, matte white and typically no thicker than the height of an average person, is less glamorous—unless there’s a polar bear standing on it—but just as remarkable. It’s a critical habitat for a range of species, from single-celled organisms to whales. And its dynamism is amazing; much of the world’s sea ice disappears and then re-forms every year.
Antarctica is the highest, in average elevation, of any continent on Earth due in part to the ice sheet that blankets it with an average thickness of two kilometers and a maximum thickness of almost five. The continent has been at least partially covered in glacial ice for 40 million years, and the oldest ice that scientists have been able to extract holds gases from the Earth’s

########
Rank: 27
Score: 31.339197
Retrieved Text: I was in 1st Class in the past life. Now a nobody, practised in trollism. Do you all like such arrangement?
3. Will you be travelling as a second class passenger?
4. Will you be immigrating to America as aThird Class Passenger travelling in Steerage?
9. April 15 – 2:20 am. Titanic’s stern disappears below the water. Shortly after, April 15 – 12:45 am: the ship breaks inApril 15 - 12:05 am: A rocket is fired to two, the stern lifts The Carpathia attract the attention into the air for areceives Titanic’s call of shiips that may be second time, & of distress & nearby. The first amidst sounds of immediately heads lifeboat is lowered explosions, the ship April 18 – 9:00 pm:toward the scene of with only 28 people sinks into the The Carpathia arrives the accident. in it. It could hold 65. freezing water. in New York. April 15 – 12:25 am: April 15- 2:15 am: April 15 – 4:10 am: Captain Smith gives The last lifeboat is The Carpathia picks the order to lower launched. There are up the first lifeboat & the lifeboats & begin more than 1,500 its passengers. They loading them, people still on board search & pick up women & children the Titanic. survivors before first. leaving the site of the accident at 9:00 am.
10. 100 years ago in the earlymorning of April 15, 1912, theship that was once calledunsinkable fell to the bottom ofthe ocean floor. The freezingwater engulfed the massive ship,and the Titanic disappearedunder the waves, taking with itlives, dreams,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 31.259588
Retrieved Text: When we refer to rivers that flow downhill, we call the path that they follow their course. Most rivers have upper, middle and lower courses. The former is closest to the source of the river and the latter is closest to the mouth of the river. Naturally, the course that a river follows affects the landscape that surrounds the river because of processes like erosion.
We can also see deposition occurring along the course of rivers. This is where materials are picked up by the river and deposited somewhere else. Generally, either erosion or deposition will be a dominant force.
There are two ways in which you might be asked to identify a river during your examination, they are long profile and cross profile. The cross profile simply shows us a cross-section of the river, while the long profile shows us how the gradient changes over the course of the river.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a V-shaped valley with steep sides and what appears to be a small amount of water in the bottom, then that usually means that you are looking at the upper course of a river, where the gradient is steep.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a valley that appears to have sides that slope gently and quite a deep channel of water in the bottom, then that usually means that you are looking at the middle course of a river, where the gradient is medium.
If you are offered a cross profile diagram of a valley that appears

########
Rank: 29
Score: 31.204794
Retrieved Text: Posted on Feb 6, 2019 at 9:34 a.m.
Editor's note: The following information was provided by Todd County Soil and Water Conservation District.
When evaluating a field for a producer, a conservationist from the Natural Resources Conservation Service will look at a variety of resource concerns including soil, water, air, plants, animals, human considerations and energy. All of these resources interact with each other and can be broken down into component parts. One component of soil resources that is a concern is erosion, which is explained further.
Erosion doesn't always happen on steep hillsides. Sheet and rill erosion is caused by management practices. The NRCS uses a tool to model the estimated amount of erosion. Depending if the erosion is induced by water or wind, a separate modeling tool is used. The input values for these tools include the crop rotation, yields, tillage and timing of soil disturbance.
Crops grown, tillage and the timing of fertilizer applications affect how much organic matter is in the soil. These tools can also be used to compare different management options for erosion, increasing or decreasing soil organic matter and energy consumption.
The amount of soil transported from concentrated flow (classic gully) is estimated by the length, width, depth and how long it has taken to form. The NRCS usea grassed waterways or water and sediment control basins to stabilize these soils.
When topsoil moves off the field, you are losing organic matter, fertilizer (phosphorus attaches to soil particles) and soil moisture. It negatively impacts the farms overall productivity and can cause water quality and other

================



======= Instance Index 49 =========
Input Text: Process:
- Prophase is the first and longest stage of mitosis
- In this stage the chromosomes become visible and the centrioles separate and move to opposite poles of the cell
- In prophase the chromosomes become visible and the centrioles separate and move to opposite poles of the cell
- In metaphase the chromosomes line up across the center of the cell and become connected to the spindle fiber at their centromere
- In anaphase the sister chromatids separate into individual chromosomes and are pulled apart
- During telophase the chromosomes gather at opposite ends of the cell and lose their distinct rod-like shapes
- Two new nuclear membranes then form around each of the two regions of DNA and the spindle fibers disappear.

Question:
suppose during death happens, how will it affect less cells.

- A: more
- B: less
- C: no effect

Target Text: A

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 27.204868
Retrieved Text: Show your students how apoptosis happens in cells.
Apoptosis (or programmed cell death) causes cells to kill themselves during development, infection and to remove malfunctioning cells. It can lead to cancer when apoptosis goes wrong.
Your students will make a model of the cell signalling pathway that leads to apoptosis. It covers the intrinsic pathway, extrinsic pathway, survival signals and shows how the pathways work together. The role of P53 in preventing cancer is also shown. By using colourful models apoptosis is shown in a clear way.
Takes about 30 minutes. Dimensions: 35cm x 30cm/14in x 12in.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 27.182796
Retrieved Text: Parents, from generations, have been telling their kids children to have a healthy wholesome breakfast. Medical Healthcare Science has now confirmed verified it that children kids who eat consume healthy wholesome breakfast show display better much better progress development in education training and sports sports activities in comparison to those these who do not. Healthy Wholesome children kids, in other words phrases, have a habit behavior of eating consuming nutritious wholesome breakfast food meals. In this one 1 of my many numerous breakfast articles posts, I would try attempt to explain clarify why breakfast is important essential for children kids health well being.
There are only two things issues sure certain in life lifestyle, as Benjamin Franklin would have us believe think - death loss of life and taxes. Arguably, most people individuals will pay spend more much more attention interest to taxes but not to the matter make a difference of death loss of life that, unfortunately sadly, happens occurs to the best very best of us.
Not getting obtaining enough sufficient sleep rest can affect impact every each area region of your life lifestyle. When your body physique is not given offered the chance opportunity to repair restore itself by itself during throughout sleep rest, you will find discover that you are not able in a position to function perform properly correctly during throughout the day working day. Your work function, family family members and health well being will all suffer endure when you are experiencing encountering insomnia sleeplessness. There are a number quantity of things

########
Rank: 2
Score: 26.898775
Retrieved Text: There is an estimated 5.7 million people in the United States currently living with Alzheimer’s Disease, and surprisingly, some 200,000 are under the age of 65. The cause: brain cell death.
Alzheimer’s and dementia are neurodegenerative diseases, which refers to progressive brain cell death that happens over time as fewer and fewer nerve cells and connections occur in the brain. This level of degeneration leads to significant memory loss, and for most, results in around-the-clock assistance with daily tasks.
Incredibly, most people associate Alzheimer’s Disease and dementia with aging, but there is no evidence that aging alone causes neurodegenerative diseases, despite the majority of diagnoses being in that of older people.
There are many contributing factors that are known to affect memory, and other neurological changes that have been attributed to the development and progression of Alzheimer’s Disease and dementia, but the good news is that with diet and lifestyle changes, the risk can be reduced.
Please join us for Memory Enhancement on Tuesday, December 11th and time] to find out what proactive measures can be taken to reduce those risks!
During this event, we will be taking a close look at how the memory works to develop a clear picture of the varying levels of retention and a better understanding of how diet and lifestyle affect the overall memory health.
Please join us on Tuesday, December 11th to find out just how these diet and lifestyle changes can help protect your memory from neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer’s and dementia!
But the reality is, Alzheimer’s and dementia do not simply happen to someone

########
Rank: 3
Score: 26.477478
Retrieved Text: Apoptosis: What is it and what is the role of cannabinoids?
By now you have probably heard a story or two about how medical cannabis helped heal cancer. This may have even been your experience or the experience of a loved one. Cannabis has proven to be effective against cancer in many ways, from reinforcing the endocannabinoid system to boosting the immune system and cutting inflammation.
The most impressive way that medical cannabis can affect cancer cells, however, is through its ability to be a catalyst for “programmed cell death.” This process is called apoptosis and it is the most effective way that cannabis and other natural substances can turn cancer around for good.
Apoptosis is a process that happens to all healthy cells. Just like all living beings, cells are meant to be born, live their life and then expire. Healthy cells die in two ways: through necrosis and through apoptosis. In necrosis, a cell is damaged by an external force such as an injury, a poison, an infection or a drastic cutting off of blood supply. When necrosis happens, it causes much strain on the body through accompanying inflammatory responses.
Apoptosis, on the other hand, can be thought of as the “clean” means of cell death. Between 50 and 70 billion cells in your body die each day as a result of apoptosis– and this is a good thing. The process of apoptosis leads to cell regeneration, cellular morphogenesis, the maintenance of healthy tissue and the elimination of harmful cells.
Apoptosis is also predictable and relies on patterned mechanisms

########
Rank: 4
Score: 26.21318
Retrieved Text: Fludarabine belongs to the group of cancer-fighting medications known as antineoplastics, and specifically to the family of antineoplastics called antimetabolites.
Fludarabine causes the death of cancer cells by interfering with their growth and reproduction. Fludarabine is used to treat a type of cancer known as chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) in people for whom other treatments have not worked. The injectable form of this medication may also be used to treat low-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (Lg-NHL) in people for whom other treatments have not worked.
Your doctor may have suggested this medication for conditions other than the ones listed in these drug information articles. If you have not discussed this with your doctor or are not sure why you are taking this medication, speak to your doctor. Do not stop taking this medication without consulting your doctor.
Each ml of sterile, injectable liquid contains 25 mg of fludarabine phosphate. Nonmedicinal ingredients: mannitol and sodium hydroxide.
The recommended dose and dosing schedule of fludarabine varies according to the response to treatment, other medications or treatments being used, and body size. Fludarabine may be taken by mouth or injected into a vein through a site on your skin that has been prepared for this purpose. Women who are pregnant should not touch the tablets. The appropriate dose is typically taken once daily for 5 days every 28 days. Usually six 28-day cycles are needed.
Fludarabine tablets may be taken with or without food. Swallow the tablets whole with water. Do not chew, crush or break the tablets.
Many things can affect the schedule of medication that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 25.669079
Retrieved Text: What are the possible side effects of ofatumumab (Arzerra)?
What is the most important information I should know about ofatumumab (Arzerra)?
What should I discuss with my healthcare provider before receiving ofatumumab (Arzerra)?
How is ofatumumab given (Arzerra)?
What happens if I miss a dose (Arzerra)?
What happens if I overdose (Arzerra)?
What should I avoid while receiving ofatumumab (Arzerra)?
What other drugs will affect ofatumumab (Arzerra)?
Where can I get more information (Arzerra)?
Ofatumumab is a monoclonal antibody that affects the actions of the body's immune system. Monoclonal antibodies are made to target and destroy only certain cells in the body. This may help to protect healthy cells from damage.
Ofatumumab is used to treat chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). In some patients, ofatumumab is given with another medicine called chlorambucil.
Ofatumumab is sometimes given after other medications have been tried without success.
Ofatumumab may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
Some side effects may occur during the injection. Tell your caregiver right away if you feel dizzy, nauseated, light-headed, confused, itchy, tingly, or have chest pain, jaw or arm pain, back pain, stomach pain, wheezing, chest tightness, or trouble breathing. These reactions can occur during the injection or within 24 hours afterward.
Call your doctor right away if you have signs of a serious brain infection: change in your mental state, decreased vision, weakness on one side of your body, or problems with speech or walking. These symptoms may start gradually and get worse quickly.
signs of tumor cell breakdown--lower back pain, blood in your urine, little or no urination; numbness or tingly feeling around

########
Rank: 6
Score: 25.449457
Retrieved Text: I have heard that the heart can stop (or the person can die) in between a surgery and can be resurrected after administering some procedures by the anaesthesiologist. As I am not a doctor, I would like to know why this happens, how the person is brought alive again and what is the state of mind during the period the person is "dead"?"
The Heart can stop due to very many reasons during anaesthesia and surgery. It is known as Cardiac Arrest.
If circulation of blood to organs is stopped, the cells will not get oxygen and die in a short time.
The person will be back to normal.
By the term Death we mean that all the cells in the body have died and cannot function any more and so life cannot be seen in the (cells) body.
This person is declared as Dead and thereafter called as Body. There is no way of bringing back life in that body. It can only be disposed off in the appropriate manner at the earliest.
Brain cells cannot live without continuous supply adequate quantities of Oxygen and Glucose, for more than 3 minutes.
Adequate oxygen is not supplied by blood to the brain cells for more than three minutes.
Adequate glucose is not available for the cells to live, then in a few minutes brain cells may die.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 25.282213
Retrieved Text: How to Collect Umbilical Cord Blood Safely?
Cord blood banking has become a buzzword today, but there are a number of hesitations or questions in peoples minds relating to many aspects of the cord blood, including the collection of umbilical cord blood.
More awareness needs to be built in order to convince parents in contributing towards a better future of their children, by involving in donating cord blood, that can help cure many blood related diseases.
In many cases, parents are not aware about the details of the collection of umbilical cord blood. In some cases, they fear that this collection process involves draining or removing some amount of blood from their babys umbilical cord blood.
Obviously this causes a lot of concern and fear about the possible harm to the baby or the mother during the collection of umbilical cord blood, and whether it might result in infections etc. The first thing to understand is that this collection of umbilical cord blood does not happen directly from the baby and does not include draining of any blood directly from the baby.
After a babys birth, once the umbilical cord is clamped, a small amount of residual blood remains in the umbilical cord. This is collected into a special blood bag and then taken for storing and processing.
As the collection of the umbilical cord blood happens after the babys birth, it does not affect the babys birth and also no harm is caused to the baby or the mother. Since collection of cord blood happens from the umbilical cord, the term

########
Rank: 8
Score: 25.127125
Retrieved Text: The killing and removal of superfluous cells is an important step during embryonic development, tissue homeostasis, wound repair and the resolution of inflammation. A specific sequence of biochemical events leads to a form of cell death termed apoptosis, and ultimately to the disassembly of the dead cell for phagocytosis. Dynamic rearrangements of the actin cytoskeleton are central to the morphological changes observed both in apoptosis and phagocytosis. Recent research has highlighted the importance of Rho GTPase signalling pathways to these changes in cellular architecture, In this review, we will discuss how these signal transduction pathways affect the structure of the actin cytoskeleton and allow for the efficient clearance of apoptotic cells.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 24.97634
Retrieved Text: Blood cells are the normal cells most often affected by chemotherapy. A low blood count means having fewer new cells in the blood than is normal.
How does chemotherapy affect blood cells?
A low blood count means having fewer new cells in the blood than is normal.
Blood cells are the normal cells most often affected by chemotherapy. Blood cells form in the bone marrow which is a spongy material that fills the centre of long bones and flat bones. Some chemotherapy medicines slow down blood cell production. This halting of blood cell and platelet production in bone marrow is called myelosuppression.
What are the different types of blood cells?
How long does a low blood count last?
A drop in the blood cell count usually happens 7 to 10 days after your child starts receiving chemotherapy medicines. It takes about 3 to 4 weeks for the bone marrow to recover after the chemotherapy finishes and for the blood count to return to a near normal level.
How often will my child need blood tests?
Your child will have blood tests during chemotherapy to monitor the count levels of the cells. Your child will have blood tests as often as necessary to keep a close check on their blood count. Your child's healthcare team will monitor the results to see whether your child needs any supportive treatment.
The frequency of blood tests can vary from several times a day to several times a week.
All the pages in the childhood cancer section of this website have been written by health professionals who work in the field

########
Rank: 10
Score: 24.922703
Retrieved Text: To date, the incidence of cancer is increasing. According to death reports, there are nearly 8 million people dying worldwide from cancer each year. In Thailand, cancer is the number one cause of death. Historically, physicians and researchers have researched, developed, diagnosed and treated cancer to the most effective extent yet. Recently one new technology that has been discovered is “Comprehensive Genomic Profiling” and is expected to completely change the diagnosis of cancer.
Dr. Harit Suwanrussamee, specializes in Internal Medicine, Hematology, and Oncology. Dr. Alexander E. Drilon is a specialist in the innovation of the genetic code from the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in the United States of America will educate us in this current innovation in order allow us to perfectly understand more about it.
First let’s talk about the current cancer situation, how is it?
The incidence of cancer is on the rise worldwide. In Thailand more than 75,000 people die each year from cancer, the number one cause of death in the Thai population since 2000. Around 8 million people are reported dead each year, so throughout the years doctors and researchers have studied and researched to develop effective cancer treatments with reduced side effects as much as possible.
Many people may wonder “What is cancer?”. Cancer occurs when the body’s cells mutate, that is, abnormalities which start at the genetic level of the cell. From normal cells, it becomes abnormal and mutated and when the cells are mutated they grow faster than normal because most normal cells grow and stop growing according to the control

########
Rank: 11
Score: 24.919367
Retrieved Text: Body and Skin Renewal Elixir is a Frequency Enhanced Elixir that instructs Replicating Cells to embody Youth and Vitality.
Instructions focus on Activating a Youth Template during replication.
These instructions tell every Reproducing Cell to follow this template in order to emerge as a Healthier and slightly Younger Cell. Something similar to this happens during Spontaneous Healing.
When your Cells Replicate in this manner, there can be profound healing and Anti-aging effects.
It tells Cells to reproduce as Healthy New Cells, without Disease or Dysfunction.
In addition Body And Skin Renewal Elixir activates energies similar to those that are involved in spontaneous healing.
Since Cancer cells replicate very rapidly, Body And Skin Renewal Elixir has a strong influence on them.
Skin Cells replicate fairly quickly, every 10 to 30 days, so you may notice improvement in your skin within a month or even less.
Accelerated Healing and Repair may be noticed in other rapidly replicating cells including your Intestinal Wall, Blood Cells, Immune Cells, lungs and Stomach Lining.
While Body And Skin Renewal Elixir this has a strong action on its own, what makes it rank so high on this list of suggestions for Cancer Therapy, is its synergy with the Pentose Phosphate Pathway Elixir.
The Pentose Phosphate Pathway Elixir shuts down the Cancer Cell Energy Production and Activates the Mitochondria to turn on Cell Death or Apoptosis in the cells.
Body Renewal significantly improves mitochondrial function, enabling it to do a much better job of telling the cancer cell to die.
So while you may see improvement in your Skin first, know that your body is becoming

########
Rank: 12
Score: 24.890461
Retrieved Text: Programmed cell death is an integral part of embryonic development. Exploring the regulation of the process, LMU researchers have shown that so-called microRNAs protect the precursors of neurons from ‘precocious’ elimination.
Programmed cell death – apoptosis – is a fundamental and tightly regulated process that occurs in all higher organisms. It is, for example, essential for normal embryonic development, during which superfluous cells must be disposed of in an orderly fashion. Barbara Conradt (Professor of Cell and Developmental Biology at LMU) and her team have been studying the role of apoptosis during embryogenesis in the nematode worm Caenorhabditis elegans, a well-established experimental model. They have now shown that small fragments of RNA, so-called microRNAs, have a crucial function in the regulation of apoptosis in this system – they are responsible for the preservation of the progenitors of the nervous system. The new study appears in the journal Genes and Development.
microRNAs are short RNA fragments that have a significant role in the regulation of gene expression. They bind to specific mRNAs on the basis of their nucleotide sequence, thus preventing them from binding to ribosomes and marking them for degradation. “We were able, for the first time, to quantitatively determine - at the single-cell level - how particular microRNAs affect the levels of a target mRNA during the course of embryonic development,” Conradt explains. “That is unique about our study.” The progenitor cells investigated divide to give rise to daughter cells that differ in size. The smaller daughter undergoes programmed cell death, while the larger differentiates into a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 24.805628
Retrieved Text: Dividing cells Researchers have found that cancer cells on the brink of suicide respond to chemotherapy much better than others.
The results could also explain why normal cells are less affected by chemotherapy drugs than cancer cells, which has been a mystery even though chemotherapy has been used widely for 60 years.
Dr Anthony Letai at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston, USA, and colleagues report their work in this week's edition of Science .
It is thought that traditional chemotherapy drugs act on rapidly dividing cells. This is why they affect cancer cells, which divide frequently, and damage normal (but rapidly dividing) cells such as those found in hair follicles, the gut lining and bone marrow causing side effects such as hair loss, diarrhoea, and reduced immune response.
But this is far from the whole story. Although cell proliferation is important, some rapidly dividing tumours are resistant to chemotherapy, yet other slower growing ones can respond well to it.
Indeed, Letai wonders why chemotherapy ever works at all, without killing all the body's cells.
"The [chemo] drugs that we use target DNA and microtubules, and every single cell in the whole body has those," he says, adding that there must be reasons why chemo tends to spare normal cells and works better on some cancers than others.
The researchers hypothesise that the state of the cancer cell's powerhouse — the mitochondria — may be the key. Mitochondria not only provide the energy for the cell to live, they decide whether a cell lives or kills itself.
"It has been appreciated for quite a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 24.709585
Retrieved Text: VANCOUVER, Wash.—CytoDyn Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the development of new therapies for combating human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection, today announced that it has been cleared by the FDA to conduct a Phase 2 trial for Graft versus Host Disease (GvHD), which is a life-threatening complication for patients undergoing stem cell transplants. CytoDyn currently is conducting a Phase 3 pivotal trial with its lead product candidate, PRO 140, for the treatment of HIV.
The approved GvHD clinical trial is a Phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center study. It evaluates the safety and efficacy of PRO 140 for prophylaxis of acute GvHD in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) or myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) undergoing allogeneic stem-cell transplantation. The trial is a 100-day study with 60 patients.
Positive results from this study would allow the company to file for a breakthrough designation to expedite the commercialization of PRO 140 for this clinical indication. As previously reported, PRO 140 is considered safe and well tolerated with negligible toxicities or side effects. The company believes that this makes it an ideal candidate for treatment of GvHD, a life-threatening disease for transplant recipients with compromised immune systems.
The company has selected a transplantation indication called GvHD as its first non-HIV clinical indication. The CCR5 receptor, the target for PRO 140, is an important mediator of GvHD, especially in the organ damage that is the usual cause of death. The only approved CCR5 inhibitor, Maraviroc, is currently in a Phase 2 study in GvHD. The company believes that PRO 140 has significant advantages over

########
Rank: 15
Score: 24.600712
Retrieved Text: Home > Your Cancer Guide > What Is Cancer?
It is hard to imagine anyone who has not been touched in some way by this illness. Possibly yourself, a loved one or a friend has battled cancer. Because cancer is so widespread, people want to understand more about its biology, detection, diagnosis, possible causes, and strategies for prevention.
Choice Cancer Care will do everything we can to answer your questions and offer the resources that best serve the needs of our patients and their families. We are here to help you understand this disease and all of the available treatment options.
All cancers begin in cells, the body’s basic unit of life. To understand cancer, it’s helpful to know what happens when normal cells become cancer cells. The body is made up of many types of cells. These cells grow and divide in a controlled way to produce more cells as they are needed to keep the body healthy. When cells become old or damaged, they die and are replaced with new cells. However, sometimes this orderly process goes wrong. The genetic material (DNA) of a cell can become damaged or changed, producing mutations that affect normal cell growth and division. When this happens, cells do not die when they should and new cells form when the body does not need them.
A report from the nation’s leading cancer organizations shows that, for the first time since the report was first issued in 1998, both incidence and death rates for all cancers combined are decreasing for both men and women,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 24.584213
Retrieved Text: Why Are CD4 Cells Important in HIV?
What Is a CD4 Test?
What Factors Influence a CD4 Cell Count?
How Are the Test Results Reported?
CD4 cells are a type of lymphocyte (white blood cell). They are an important part of the immune system. CD4 cells are sometimes called T-cells. There are two main types of CD4 cells. T-4 cells, also called CD4+, are "helper" cells. They lead the attack against infections. T-8 cells (CD8+) are "suppressor" cells that end the immune response. CD8 cells can also be "killer" cells that kill cancer cells and cells infected with a virus.
Researchers can tell these cells apart by specific proteins on the cell surface. A T-4 cell is a T-cell with CD4 molecules on its surface. This type of T-cell is also called "CD4 positive," or CD4.
HIV most often infects CD4 cells. The virus becomes part of the cells, and when they multiply to fight an infection, they make more copies of HIV.
When someone is infected with HIV but has not started treatment, the number of CD4 cells they have goes down. This is a sign that the immune system is being weakened. The lower the CD4 cell count, the more likely the person will get sick.
There are millions of different families of CD4 cells. Each family is designed to fight a specific type of germ. When HIV reduces the number of CD4 cells, some of these families can be wiped out. You can lose the ability to fight off the particular germs those families were designed for. If this happens, you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 24.558832
Retrieved Text: . Interact with the applet below for a few minutes, then answer the questions that follow.
Questions: 1) How does the parameter a affect the graph of the exponential function? Explain. What happens if a > 1 and k > 0? What happens if a < 1 and k > 0? 2) How does the parameter k affect the graph? Explain. If you need a hint, refer back to this worksheet. 3) What does the parameter d do the graph? Explain. 4) Suppose a < 1. Given this constraint, is it possible to get the graph of this exponential function to look the way it does when a > 1 and k > 0? Explain.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 24.424818
Retrieved Text: We can perform non surgical fat reduction by two methods–fat freezing and fat heating.
Fat cells can be safely and effectively eliminated from your body by a process of fat freezing. When fat cells are frozen to very low temperatures, the body automatically kills off these fat cells through a process called apoptosis, which is the medical term for “programmed cell death”. Over a period of a few months, once fat cells have been frozen, your own body will simply get rid of the frozen fat cells, removing stubborn small pockets of fat that are resistant to diet and exercise.
How does Cavitation Ultrasound Work?
How does Radio frequency Work ?
Radio frequency skin tightening devices gently heat up subdermal tissue with radio waves. This causes your body to make more collagen and elastin, the two things that will make your skin look young again. RF literally remodels your skin structure from the inside out, shrinking lines and wrinkles and firming up your skin. It can also help reduce cellulite deposits.
How does Lipolaser Work ?
cells, breaking down the stored triglycerides into free fatty acids and glycerol and releasing them though channels in the cell membranes. The fatty acids and glycerol are then transported around the body to the tissues that will use them during metabolism to create energy. This process of fatty acid release is a natural response of the body when the body needs to use stored energy reserves, thus Laser Lipo is not creating any unnatural reaction in the body nor does it affect or damage any surrounding

########
Rank: 19
Score: 24.190454
Retrieved Text: Would you ever have dreamed, you could lie there and have the inches literally melt off you simply by placing a high-tech body light on your belly, thighs, chin or wherever you want to lose fat?
Does This All Work? And Does It Really Work?
But first, how it works: The body light process is very similar to the process that happens during exercise.
It is a L.E.D. light, applied directly to the skin, which causes the fat cells to open up and release their “fat” contents, which is the same thing that happens when you exercise. Only the hormones cause the fat cells to release fats when you exercise. The water, glycerol and free fatty acids leave the cell, and your fat cell shrinks.
This is Safe—It is just L.E.D. light, no cutting or invasive procedures, and the same process that exercise causes the fat cells to go through, happens from the laser.
Step-by-Step – The Adipocyte (Fat) Cells During a Typical Session.
Fat Cells contain: Water, Glycerol, and Free Fatty Acids – These are released when you exercise and from the therapy.
Interstitial space is just space around every cell of your body. It leads to the lymphatic system, which is the sewer system of your body.
The lymphatic system carries away all the garbage and toxins released by your cells doing their job.
The fat being released from the fat cells, has the same affect on your body as exercising. So the risk of anything negative happening, is also the same as exercising, very close to nothing.
Have you felt frustrated you haven’t

########
Rank: 20
Score: 23.910141
Retrieved Text: A joint study has found through applied carbon dating to DNA that the number of fat cells stay constant in adulthood no matter how thin or fat the individual is or how much weight they put on or loose.
This study indicates that the number of fat cells is set during childhood and adolescence.
Previous studies had determined that fat cell volume increases but no one had measured fat cell turnover.
It was found that the number of fat cells in the human body was determined during the early years of life, so lean youngsters will develop less fat cells than overweight ones. However once adulthood is reached the fat cells stay constant.
So the weight you are as a child will impact on your weight as you get older. When someone puts on weight it is the size or volume of the fat cell that increases not the number of cells. Therefore if you have more cells to begin with you have more cells to store the lipids and increase the cell volume which in turn increases body mass..
However lean men who became obese during adulthood had the same problem with the increase in their fat cell volume but their fat cell count still remained the same.
The cells were also monitored during rapid weight loss such as through gastric band surgery and lower calorie intake and again although the weight was lost the cell count remained constant.
This may be a reason why some people loose or gain weight more rapidly than their counterparts, it actually comes down to the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 23.900484
Retrieved Text: Life happens. How does it affect our cells?
Toxic stress takes a toll on our minds, bodies, and emotions — and on the molecules that make up our cells. However, stress is also key for survival and can even be good for us in some circumstances. What are the mechanisms that cells use to deal with (or even benefit from) stress? How is toxic stress linked to disease? And what can we do to ameliorate it? Molecular stress comes in many forms, and most Buck labs include it in their portfolios.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 23.867165
Retrieved Text: A new study published in the journal of Neurology has revealed that diabetes is independently linked to cognitive impairment and dementia.
The study investigated the relationship between type 2 diabetes, loss of brain cells, levels of beta amyloid (plaques usually found in Alzheimer’s disease), and tau or tangles of protein in the brain and spinal fluids of research participants.
A protein called tau (rhymes with wow) helps the tracks stay straight.
Tau collapses into twisted strands called tangles.
The tracks can no longer stay straight. They fall apart and disintegrate.
Nutrients and other essential supplies can no longer move through the cells, which eventually die.
The research participants consisted of 816 people; 397 had mild cognitive impairment, 191 had Alzheimer’s disease dementia, 124 participants had diabetes and 228 people had no memory and thinking problems.
People with diabetes had 16 picograms per milliliter greater levels of tau protein in the spinal and brain fluid. Tangles (linked to build up of tau protein) are linked to the development of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. Diabetes is associated with a reduced thickness of cortex and the layer of the brain with most nerve cells.
Diabetic patients had cortical tissue that was an average of 0.03 millimeter less than those who did not have diabetes, whether they had no thinking and memory problems, mild cognitive impairment or dementia due to Alzheimer’s disease.
“Due to the fact that nerve cells in the brain do not replace themselves, it is extremely important to find ways to reduce the death of current brain cells. Studies such as ours seek to understand how

########
Rank: 23
Score: 23.784477
Retrieved Text: Current technology allows the group to image transcription sites in real time, leading to an understanding of how heterogeneity in gene expression is regulated.
Joseph Rodriguez, Ph.D., leads the Single Cell Dynamics Group and holds a secondary appointment in the NIEHS Signal Transduction Laboratory. The Single Cell Dynamics Group studies how the environment influences expression heterogeneity in real time and how those impacts affect tissue composition. The group also wants to determine how different compounds affect heterogeneity and how they lead to disease.
The work is important because the current understanding of gene regulation is based on studies using bulk cells and ground up tissues. The Single Cell Dynamics Group has found that individual cells, even of the same cell type, respond differently to upstream signals, which include the environment. Recent research from the group suggests that in diseases, such as cancer, or the process of aging, cells express a lot of heterogeneity. Understanding the mechanisms of that heterogeneity at the single cell level is vital for figuring out what happens in normal and diseased states.
Imaging of transcription in live cells reveals deep repressive periods that cause expression heterogeneity.
Rodriguez graduated from MIT in 2001 and worked for six years performing bioinformatics analysis of human genome assembly. In 2007, he began work under the direction of Nobel Laureate Michael Rosbash, Ph.D., at Brandeis University, studying RNA processing and gene expression dynamics during circadian rhythm. Those efforts led to shared authorship on eleven publications, including first author papers in Molecular Cell and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 23.783278
Retrieved Text: The body’s cells need oxygen to work and grow. They receive this crucial resource through the combined efforts of the lungs and the heart. During a normal day, a healthy person breathes nearly 25,000 times. For the millions of people with lung diseases, however, the simple act of breathing is more difficult. All types combined, lung diseases are the number three killer in the United States.
Many diseases originate in the lungs, but the majority of promising new drugs to treat these conditions fail during testing because they turn out to be toxic. Scientists often must rely on animal studies for early stages of testing, and these models do not always accurately portray how humans will respond later in the testing process. Scientists need better ways to predict how the lungs and the rest of the cardiopulmonary system will respond to potential new drugs.
Researchers at Harvard University are working to make an innovative model that incorporates lung smooth muscle cells to mimic complex lung conditions in the human body, something that is impossible in animals.
To test this new pulmonary model, the NIH-supported researchers are using chip technology to study asthma. The cells that line the airways are extremely sensitive in people who have asthma. During asthma symptoms, the muscles tighten too much and narrow the airways, making breathing difficult. Using a chip that integrates this muscle tissue, the researchers aim to measure how drugs targeted against one tissue, such as inhaled asthma drugs that target the lungs, affect the other tissues.
The image on the left shows a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 23.777485
Retrieved Text: Today majority of people in the world are affected by diabetes. Diabetes can strike anyone and at any age. In the past ten years the number of people having diabetes have increased by 50%. About 380 million people worldwide are affected by diabetes every year. In america alone diabetes claims the life of 1 out of 3 americans. Diabetes claims more lives as compared to AIDS and cancer. This is because diabetes is a leading cause of Kidney disease, heart failure, amputations and stroke. Diabetes also has a lot of negative impact during pregnancy. We will be discussing these impacts in this post Diabetes and pregnancy.
1 What is diabetes ?
2.1 How to prepare for pregnancy if you have diabetes ?
2.2 How can diabetes affect the developing fetus ?
2.3 How does diabetes affect the mother during pregnancy ?
2.4 Health problems that are caused during pregnancy due to diabetes ?
When we eat our body converts food into sugars, glucose and fats. In Order to allow our body to utilize these sugars and glucose for energy purpose, the pancreas produce insulin. The insulin help our body cells to open up and help them convert the sugars and glucose into energy.
Insulin serves as a key factor in allowing our body cells to open up and utilizing glucose for energy. But, in diabetes this mechanism does not work. Lot of factors are responsible for the pancreas going week and the onset of diabetes.
Type 1 diabetes is caused by autoimmune disorder and is considered to be more dangerous and severe form of

########
Rank: 26
Score: 23.715029
Retrieved Text: Drug hypersensitivities are very common in dogs. Usually, signs of this often show in the dog's skin. Sometimes, the allergic reaction of the skin to medications doesn't show up immediately. An allergic reaction to drugs doesn't only target the skin, but it can affect other organs, such as the liver and blood cells.
Hypersensitivities in all types of dogs that show through the skin is a condition is called allergic dermatitis. There is an epidemic of itchy skin conditions in dogs nowadays, and drug allergies are one of the biggest contributors to this.
Drug allergies aren't just manifested as skin conditions, such as rashes, but they can also be seen as blood abnormalities and liver damage. An example of a major adverse reaction is an anaphylactic shock that would typically occur in just a few hours after the drug has been administered to the dog. However, there are also cases where the symptoms are delayed and don't show up for a couple of days or even months which is why sometimes, veterinarians are less likely going to make the connection that the problem is caused by a drug allergy.
Anaphylactic shock often happens after vaccination. It can be fatal when not treated immediately. It can cause breathing difficulties, low blood pressure, collapse, and worse, death.
Drug allergies aren't widely taught in vet schools. It is the reason why other veterinarians don't have this at the top of their list and they tend to rule out this cause more often.
However, a lot some veterinarians are now conducting a lot of studies

########
Rank: 27
Score: 23.689018
Retrieved Text: 1) [8 points] a) Describe the experimental observations that together indicate that calcium ions mediate a regulatory step after fertilization of animal eggs.
b) What events do Ca++ ions cause in the fertilized egg?
2) [10 points] Suppose the following proteins are required for a particular signal transduction pathway. a) Indicate the sequence in which they probably act after perception of a signal.
b) At what location in the cell would you expect to find each of these proteins?
3) [20 points] a) On the following diagrams of Xenopus embryos at two different stages, indicate i) the blastocoel, ii) the location of cells that will give rise to the stomach, iii) the location of cells that will give rise to the heart.
b) On the following diagrams of human embryos at two different stages, indicate i) the blastocoel, ii) the location of cells that will give rise to the stomach, iii) the location of cells that will give rise to the placenta.
4) [23 points] An experimentalist isolates stem cells from adult mouse skin and wants to grow them in culture. However, she finds that as soon as she isolates them they differentiate spontaneously into skin cells.
a) Can you suggest a strategy to keep the stem cells in an undifferentiated state and therefore amenable to experimentation?
b) If she can prevent them from differentiating spontaneously, how might she then treat them to induce them to differentiate into a mesodermal cell type?
c) Suppose she wants to study how gene expression changes during differentiation of these cells into skin. Suppose she has a microarray with

########
Rank: 28
Score: 23.683601
Retrieved Text: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and their treatment is associated with an enormous economic burden. Cardiovascular diseases impact the whole organism, and as such affect cognitive function and accelerate aging. In recent years it has becomeincreasingly clear that the causes of cardiovascular diseases are multifactorial, involving complex interactions between different genes, cells, organs and the environment. Combinations of gene therapy, cell therapy (including cell reprogramming and reactivation of endogenous progenitor cells) and tissue engineering represent promising strategies for the repair and regeneration of the heart and the vasculature. The development and future clinical application of these approaches requires a thorough understanding of the biology of adult stem cells. Similarly, knowledge of cardiovascular development is crucial for understanding reparative processes, since regeneration recapitulates someaspects of the formationof the embryonic cardiovascular system.Research in model organisms with a high regenerative capacity is providing important insights into the mechanisms controlling cardiovascular regeneration.
In this CNIC Conference we will present and discuss research at the frontiers of stem cell biology, cardiovascular development, regulation and metabolism, and the mechanisms of cardiac repair.
Cardiovascular regeneration as a recapitulation of embryonic development.
Shifting the balance from repair to regeneration.
Molecular mechanisms of cardiovascular development.
The emerging role of metabolism in cardiovascular development, homeostasis and repair.
Origin and fate of cardiovascular progenitor cells.
The role of stem cells during homeostasis and injury.
Translating basic research to the clinic: how can basic science impact human cardiovascular health?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 23.67136
Retrieved Text: Chemotherapy is a broad term for the use of drugs to kill cancer cells. Learn how it works and what you might expect from treatment.
Chemotherapy may be administered as pills, injections, or infusions into an artery or vein.
Chemotherapy is a term for the various drug therapies used to treat cancer. In use since the 1950s, chemotherapy, or chemo, now encompasses more than 100 different cancer-fighting drugs.
Your body is made of trillions of cells, which die off and multiply as part of a normal growth cycle. Cancer develops when abnormal cells in the body multiply at a rapid, uncontrolled rate. Sometimes these cells grow into tumors, or masses of tissue. Different types of cancer affect different organs and different parts of the body. Left untreated, cancer can spread.
Chemo drugs are specifically designed to stop cancer cells from dividing or slow their growth and may also be used to shrink a tumor prior to surgery. The drugs may also affect healthy cells, but they can usually repair themselves.
You may require a minor surgical procedure to have a thin catheter, called a central line or port, implanted into a vein to make it easier to administer the drugs.
Chemotherapy plans — along with other cancer-fighting therapies, such as radiation or immunotherapy — can have different goals, depending on your type of cancer.
Curative This treatment plan is designed to wipe out all the cancer cells in your body and permanently put the cancer in remission.
Control When curative treatment isn’t possible, chemotherapy may help manage the cancer by stopping it from spreading

================



