======= Instance Index 6451 =========
Input Text: What is a hand?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- body part
- foot
- handglide
- feet
- help

Target Text: body part

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.201918
Retrieved Text: How is the hand sweeper and its principle? | What should you pay attention to when using a hand sweeper? | Hand Push Stainless Steel Sweeper | Hand push sweeper works | Lazy Hand Sweeping Machine Cleaning is easy to operate | Where is the advantage of the lazy hand sweeping machine? | Hand Push Rotary Sweeper - no longer afraid to drag the floor to the waist | Advantages of the hand sweeper | Lazy push the sweeper to help you reduce the time spent doing housework | If you have a lazy person pushing the sweeping machine, you are not afraid to sweep it! | Home push sweeper is different from automatic sweeper | Push-type sweeper, better use without power? | Is the hand sweeper easy to use? | Hand push sweeper works | What types of hand sweepers are there? | Home push sweeper features | Can you push the sweeping machine to replace the sweeper or the mopping machine? | What are the benefits of a home lazy hand sweeper? | How easy is it to do housework? | The benefits of cleaning the hand sweeper | Is it a good helper to push the sweeper by hand? | What is the hand-push sweeper for home cleaning? | Push the sweeper easily, sweep the floor + mopping the floor, gently push it clean! | Is it better to push the sweeper with the traditional sweep? | What is the scope of use of the house to push the sweeper? | The benefits

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.193834
Retrieved Text: what is the best hand vacuum the handheld vacuum for cleaning car hand vacuum pump canadian tire.
what is the best hand vacuum 3 carpet floor washer vacuum shark handheld vacuum argos hand vacuum reviews 2017.
what is the best hand vacuum volt lithium ion compact cordless vacuum kit hand vacuum pump hand vacuum cleaner price in kuwait.
what is the best hand vacuum best vacuum for allergy or asthma sufferers hand vacuum pump hand vacuum target australia.
what is the best hand vacuum best handheld vacuum cleaners hand vacuum walmart canada hand vacuum cleaner makro.
what is the best hand vacuum it seemed absurd to spend on a vacuum but now i like cleaning dyson hand vacuum target dirt devil hand vacuum walmart.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.941624
Retrieved Text: At what time between 4 and 5 o’clock will the minute-hand of a watch be 13 minutes in advance of the hour hand?
Let x denote the required number of minutes after 4 o’clock; then, as the minute hand travels twelve times as fast as the hour hand, the hout hand will move over x/12 minute divisions in x minutes. At 4 o’clock, the minute hand is 20 divisions behind the hour hand, and the finally minute hand is 13 divisions in advance; therefore the minute hand moves over , that is,, 33 divisions more than the hour hand.
Hence, which implies and hence, .
Thus, the time is 36 minutes past 4.
If the question be asked as follows: “At what times between 4 and 5 o’clock will there be 13 minutes between the two hands, then we must also take into consideration, the case when the minute hand is 13 divisions behind the hour hand. In this case, the minute hand gains or 7 divisions.
Therefore, the times are past 4, and past 4.
At what time between one and two o’clock are the hands of a watch first at right angles?
At what time between 3 and 4 o’clock is the minute hand one minute ahead of the hour hand?
When are the hands of a clock together between the hours of 6 and 7?
It is between 2 and 3 o’clock, and in 10 minutes the minute hand will be as much before the hour hand as it is not behind it; what is the time?
At what times between 7 and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.794373
Retrieved Text: What Hand Beats What in Poker – Dead or Alive?
Ante A little bet all players need to make prior to a hand is dealt. In summary, a hand contains five cards. Knowing when you’re beaten holding a strong hand takes experience though there are many ways you can see trouble coming. The sole thing you’ve got to earn a different hand from everyone else’s is 2 hole cards dealt at the start of the hand.
Four folks are playing poker. Poker isn’t an easy, clean cut game. Internet poker is just one of the most popular options of entertainment that may be located on the online today looking for.
How to Get Started with What Hand Beats What in Poker?
Try out the quick tutorial, then keep reading for a summary of how poker is played. It is a highly complex affair, and is based not only on luck, but also skill and psychology. Italian Poker is a good example.
Some games are completely reversed, rewarding the lowest-value hand rather than the highest-value one. If you’re still new to the game instead of yet comfortable with your knowledge of hand rankings, it is possible to always play in free-to-play apps or utilize play-money at your preferred internet poker room. By referring to poker with people that are beating the game you are working to beat, you will oftentimes be in a position to spot differences in your strategies. If you are prepared to learn more regarding the game of poker, both online and offline, we’ve got an abundance of resources

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.758531
Retrieved Text: Laminate flooring: hand scraped laminate is a new trend in modern flooring that combines the comfort and practicality of engineered flooring with the beauty and appeal of old, worn rustic hardwood flooring. Homeowners are paying a lot of money for hand-scraped hardwood floors but laminate (hand scraped) flooring costs much less and gives you roughly the same result.
What is hand scraped laminate flooring?
If you’re wondering what is hand scraped laminate flooring, the simples answer would be that it is a copy of hand scraped hardwood flooring. New hardwood boards are scraped by hand to achieve a rustic, worn appearance (while maintaining the qualities of new wood), but this delicate procedure is quite expensive. Laminate hand scraped flooring is a less expensive version of that, since laminate flooring (hand scraped or not) is cheaper than hardwood floors and can be printed with any pattern, which doesn’t drastically influence the end price. This means that you can get laminate flooring hand scraped for almost the same price of regular laminate. Besides that, laminate has other benefits that make it a popular choice for modern homes.
What are the hand scraped laminate flooring advantages?
Compared to hand scraped solid hardwood floors, hand scraped laminate flooring advantages are quite obvious. Laminate hand scraped flooring is more affordable, easier to install, more durable and impact resistant, doesn’t require any sanding and varnishing and lasts a long time. Laminate hand scraped flooring is also more appropriate for underfloor heating that hand scraped hardwood floors. In general, laminate flooring (hand scraped or not) offers more

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.756651
Retrieved Text: What is Hand? – Mississippi Polymers, Inc.
As with every other industry, the vinyl (PVC) film industry has its own “language”. Many of the terms we use and assume are common knowledge are, in fact, sources of confusion for those with a different background. One such term is hand. What exactly is hand, and how is it measured?
Hand is not Handle. Handle is a quantitative measure of the combined effects of a film’s surface friction and flexibility and requires the use of a handle-o-meter.
Hand is not Shore Hardness. Shore Hardness is measured quantitatively using a gauge (much like a tire gauge).
Hand is not PHR (parts per hundred of resin). PHR is the amount of plasticizer in a film per one hundred parts of resin. However, the PHR of a film will directly correlate with the hand (see more below).
Hand refers to a subjective, relative property of vinyl film and cannot be described quantitatively.
Hand is subjective. It is measured solely by feeling a sample of the film through crushing it, “wadding” it up, pushing on it with the fingers.
Hand is relative. A “soft hand” film at a facility where mostly rigid films are produced could be deemed to have a “firm hand” at a flexible film facility.
**Note – as mentioned above, PHR has a direct correlation to hand.
The higher the PHR of plasticizer in a film, the softer the film.
The type of plasticizer will also affect hand. Not all plasticizers “plasticize” equally.
What are the advantages of measuring hand?
Hand is a quick, qualitative test used in the manufacturing and

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.756432
Retrieved Text: After you watch the video, go ahead and try playing these lesson hands. Hints will guide you through the auctions.
Review what you've learned by answering the questions below.
Question 1: What do you do?
Double – You have the perfect shape – at least 3 cards in all the unbid suits, and an opening hand.
Question 2: What do you do?
Pass - You cannot double as you only have two spades.
Question 3: What do you do?
1♥ - You have a good heart suit. Tell partner this.
Question 4: Left hand opponent opens 1♥, and partner bids 1♠. What do you do?
2♠ - Support partner. Partner has shown a 5-card suit at least so you have a fit.
Question 5: Left hand opponent opens 1♥, and partner bids 1♠. What do you do?
Pass – No fit this time.
Question 6: Left hand opponent opens 1♥, and partner bids 1♠. What do you do?
3♠ - You have a nice hand and a known 9-card fit.
Question 7: Left hand opponent opens 1♠, and partner doubles. What do you do?
3♥ - Remember that partner has an opening hand. You would jump to 3♥ if partner had opened 1♥ wouldn’t you.
Question 8: Left hand opponent opens 1♠, and partner doubles. What do you do?
3NT – you have an opening hand and so does partner. This means game. You also have good cards in the opponent’s suit which means that you are best in notrumps.
Question 9: Left hand opponent opens 1♠, and partner doubles. What do you do?
2♦ - You have to bid so keep it as low

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.709419
Retrieved Text: Which banks can still lend?
1. The borrower applies for the loan for the first time to purchase the house. In the house registration information system (including the pre-sale contract registration and filing system) where the house is to be purchased, the family has registered one (and above) complete sets of housing.
2. The borrower has used the loan to purchase a set of (and above) housing and applied for a loan to purchase the house.
3. The lender is convinced that the borrower's family has a set of (and above) housing by conducting due diligence investigations such as credit reporting, face testing, and interviews.
The monthly repayment is equal to the principal and interest repayment method, which means that the borrower repays the principal and interest of the loan in an equal amount each month, and the monthly loan interest is calculated based on the remaining loan principal at the beginning of the month and is settled monthly.
The monthly repayment of repayment is the same principal repayment method, which means that the principal remains the same, the interest is decremented month by month, and the monthly repayment amount is decremented; since the monthly repayment amount is fixed and the interest is less and less, the lender initially Repayment pressure is greater, but the monthly repayments are getting smaller and smaller over time.
The second-hand housing loan calculator can help users calculate the monthly supply, total interest and total repayment amount that need to be repaid after choosing the same amount of principal and equal principal and interest when purchasing a

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.674752
Retrieved Text: Know what you are shopping for, and save yourself from making expensive mistakes! In our Hand Knotted Vs Hand Tufted guide, you will learn the large differences between Hand-knotted vs Hand-tufted rugs, and how to identify them.
Hand Tufted rugs have become very popular due to their lower cost, and a clever name. The truth is, even though "Hand" is in the name, hand tufted rugs are actually tufted using a type of gun, which fires tufts of yarn through a backing.
Hand Knotted rugs however, are made from people tying wool yarn into the rug. This method is much higher quality, but price also increases. For example, check our stunning collection of hand-knotted wool rugs.
Make sure you know what you are buying when you are considering between hand-knotted vs hand-tufted rugs with this helpful printable guide.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.670887
Retrieved Text: 2 Where to purchase what hand do you wear your wedding ring on?
A wedding is a vital minute in the life of any individual. Whats more, what hand do you wear your wedding ring on are a cherry on the cake of this occasion. In this manner, the decision must be drawn nearer with accuracy and weight.
For fruitful choice of rings, you have to approach this issue with all seriousness. In the first place, consider the what hand do you wear your wedding ring on. Go to the gem specialist and discover the ring size that suits you.
After that you can either arrange the creation of what hand do you wear your wedding ring on or purchase a completed the process of ring in the store.
Where to purchase what hand do you wear your wedding ring on?
In cases and in the event that you can not discover where to purchase what hand do you wear your wedding ring on. We prescribe you to make swhat hand do you wear your wedding ring on on an individual request.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.646194
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.604259
Retrieved Text: Bank of Bird-in-Hand is an FDIC insured institution located in Bird In Hand, PA. It was founded in 2013 and has approximately $0.36 billion in assets. Customers can open an account at one of its 2 branches.
For a more detailed analysis of Bank of Bird-in-Hand's financial condition and a description of what these numbers mean, please visit the Financial Details section.
The top three loan types in Bank of Bird-in-Hand’s loan portfolio are 1-4 Family Residential Loans, Commercial Real Estate, and Commercial and Industrial Loans.
Compared to other banks in Pennsylvania, Bank of Bird-in-Hand has a significantly higher percent of Farm Loans on its balance sheet, potentially indicating a specialty in that lending area.
Bank of Bird-in-Hand branches and locations in your neighborhood. Input a different zip code to find branches and locations for any neighborhood in the United States.
The following ratios and data are available to help you better understand the financial condition of Bank of Bird-in-Hand. The data is provided by the FDIC. All banks listed on BestCashCow.com are FDIC-insured. No depositor has ever lost deposits that have been within the FDIC insurance limits.
As of December 31, 2018, Bank of Bird-in-Hand had $0 in non-current loans and $0 in owned real estate. To cover these potential losses it had $52,134,000 in equity and $2,665,000 in loans loss reserves. That gives it a Texas Ratio of 0%.
Bank of Bird-in-Hand has a Return on Equity of 7.94% versus the BestCashCow average of 8.80%. Return on equity measures how efficiently a bank is making money from its capital. A bank

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.594465
Retrieved Text: There’s nothing like a weird, unexplained hand in the ground to get the imagination going. Last year, metal detectorists in Switzerland discovered a bronze and gold hand in the ground near near Lake Biel, and archaeologists don’t know what to make of it. The hand is estimated to be 3,500 years old and is unlike anything known to archaeology. What was the purpose of this strange metal hand, and who did it belong to?
The hand has been named the Hand of Prêles after the area in which it was discovered and doesn’t appear to have been worn like a glove but instead seems to have been mounted on a staff or scepter. Right know, little is known about the hand, and it’s likely to stay that way. It is so far being described as a “unique and remarkable object” and is one of the oldest pieces of bronze representing a part of the human body known to archaeologists.
Carbon dating placed the creation of the hand between 1500 and 1400 BCE and the gilding on the hand indicate that its owner was likely someone high-ranking or perhaps that the hand was meant to be representative of a deity. According to a Canton de Bern press release, the hand was found buried atop another mysterious stone structure, possibly a tomb, which has yet to be excavated. To add intrigue to the discovery, the excavation site seems to have been looted or tampered with shortly after the hand’s discovery. The archaeological department of Canton de Bern confirmed that a

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.575588
Retrieved Text: Blog What is a Hand truck?
What is it, how is it used, and why do people use it, are three question people ask themselves about hand trucks. Here, at A Plus Warehouse we want to explain to you all about hand trucks and why they are so important. People use hand trucks to transport material, whether it is as small as one box full of stationary or several boxes full of machinery. Our hand trucks have wheels at the base and grips at the handles for easy transportation. A person may only be able to move a few boxes whereas a hand truck can transport several. This piece of machinery can save time when moving; a task that takes an individual multiple times may take someone with a hand truck fewer times. When less times is spent doing manual labor of moving objects, more time can be done working on other more beneficial tasks.
Each hand truck has a different capacity, size, material, and way to hold objects. One of our most popular hand trucks is the Powered Stair Climbing Hand Truck. This product is different from the others because of its ability to climb stairs. Not all working areas are one floored, but all working areas do need to transport objects. The stair climbing hand trucks makes moving heavy objects from floor to floor much easier. Going up stairs is just as simple as going down stairs; this is designed with operator safety being the main task.
Another common question is: what about the load sizes? In

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.5424795
Retrieved Text: Hand Painted Jewelry Armoire Picture bottom is part of the best post in Jewelry Armoire category, published on Thursday, July 12th, 2018 .
Hand Painted Jewelry Armoire. Purchasing the jewelry armoire is any great idea to elevate your furniture collection. Jewelry armoires are excellent at offering not only storage for your jewelry but additionally a beautiful addition to any room. There are many decisions that must be made while purchasing jewelry armoires this kind of as what type armoire you want, how an individual plan upon using it, and what color would best fit in your own bedroom. One of the first things you will need to determine when picking the right armoire for your home is what style are you wanting your armoire in order to be. The next thing you require to decide when selecting a 4.0 armoire is exactly what would you like in order to use it for. A basic jewelry armoire has small drawer storage compartments that can be used to retail outlet all of your different types of jewelry.
the full bathroom broyhill lori center silver childrens edmonton secretary accessory bear jewlry 36 difference own handmade disney stewart house decorative melbourne.
For Jewelry Armoire idea, You can find many ideas on the topic white hand painted jewelry armoire, powell hand painted jewelry armoire, hand painted jewellery armoire, hand painted jewelry armoire, masterpiece antique parchment hand painted jewelry armoire, and many more on the internet, but in the post of Hand Painted Jewelry Armoire we have tried to select the best visual idea about

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.540871
Retrieved Text: When you're on a losing streak, what should you do? Take a break, play more, quit for good?
Your reaction to this? "What kind of moron is this guy? What's he talking about?"
Please don't get me wrong, I know it's possible to lose hand after hand, session after session. Very possible, happens all the time. I've been there too.
In all honesty, when a new hand starts, what happened in earlier hands doesn't matter.
If you've been unlucky, if you've been lucky, if you've had bad or good cards - none of that is relevant anymore. Each new hand is a new hand.
Of course, your history at the table affects how opponents see you and judge your game. You need to adjust to that.
My point is, if your recent bad luck makes you feel like you're going to lose, you'll lose. Then you're doing it to yourself. Don't blame the streak.
All there is, is the present. Nothing else exists. If there is a streak, it only exists in your mind.
If you don't let yourself be owned by things that happened in the past, they can't control what happens here and now.
If you start every hand with a fresh mind and eager anticipation, you'll play your best game, and that's really all you can do. That must be good enough.
That's what you have to tell yourself when the cards are dealt. That's how you deal with losing streaks.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.534479
Retrieved Text: Published 04/19/2019 05:27:32 pm at 04/19/2019 05:27:32 pm in Best Handheld Cordless Vacuum.
best handheld cordless vacuum the best handheld vacuum hand held vacuum cleaners for stairs handheld vacuum cordless reviews cordless vacuum what is the best handheld cordless vacuum pictures of what is the best handheld cordless vacuum.
shark bagless hand vac best handheld stick vacuum cleaner cordless shark bagless hand vac best handheld stick vacuum cleaner cordless reviews, best handheld vacuum cleaner best best handheld vacuum images best handheld vacuum cleaner hand vacuum cleaner cordless best hand vacuum cleaner cordless best handheld , highest rated handheld vacuum tragonyinfo highest rated handheld vacuum best rated handheld vacuum best rated hand held vacuum cleaners best handheld, pet hair eraser bissell cordless hand and car vacuum tedxgustavus best handheld vacuum for pet hair cordless corded bissell eraser filter , top rated hand vacuum best buy hand vacuum with rotating brush , top best cordless vacuums your easy buying guide heavycom black decker phv pivot vac v cordless pivoting hand vac black and decker phv, best handheld vacuums odunz review guide home decor best handheld vacuums odunz review guide, cordless vacuum what is the best handheld cordless vacuum what is the best handheld cordless vacuum, in cordless vacuum reviews lightweight hoover freedom in in cordless vacuum reviews handheld cordless vacuum the best handheld vacuum reviews by a , dysondchandheldcordlessvacuum from lakeland cordless vacum dysondchandheldcordlessvacuum from lakeland, best handheld vacuum cleaner for stairs a company widely known for best handheld vacuum cleaner for stairs hoover hoover sprint cordless vacuum cleaner red

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.533449
Retrieved Text: Note: The Ace may be used at the top or bottom of the sequence, and is the only card which can act in this manner.If both players have two identical pairs, highest side card wins.
If necessary, the third-highest and fourth-highest cards in the hand can be used to break the tie.Because there are two hearts in this hand, one of them is ignored, making a 3,2,A three-card hand.
How many 5-card poker hands are there? If order mattered,. 4*12 choices for the 2nd rank and 4*11 choices for the 3rd rank… but order doesn’t matter.Starting poker and need to know about poker hands in order? GGPoker’s handy cheat sheet shows the poker hand rankings & what beats what.
You’ll find a visual listing of the Texas Hold em Poker Hands Order and rankings below, along with a Hero vs Villain quiz. Texas Hold em Poker Hands Order.Understand and master the poker hand rankings at partypoker.com - Download our handy ranking chart and get to grips with the strategy behind poker hands.GGPoker’s handy cheat sheet shows the poker hand rankings & what beats what. Starting poker and need to know about poker hands in order?.Check out Texas Holdem poker hands ranking order at Pokerjacks.com. Win more with a sound knowledge of online Texas Holdem poker hand rankings, rules & strategies.
Poker hands rankings - winning poker hands order. What poker hand beats what in Texas Hold'em Poker. Find everything you need to know about winning poker hand.In the event of a tie: Highest ranking card at the top of the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.532252
Retrieved Text: Image Title: Amish Hand Scraped HomerWood Throughout Flooring Remodel 13. Post Title: Hand Scraped Flooring. Filename: amish-hand-scraped-homerwood-throughout-flooring-remodel-13.jpg. Image Dimension: 340 x 340 pixels. Images Format: jpg/jpeg. Publisher/Author: wispychic. Uploaded Date: Thursday - September 20th. 2018 17:49:23 PM. Category: Architecture. Image Source: homestyler.com. Hand Scraped Floors Part 1 How To Texture A Floor Wood Regarding Flooring Decor 12. What Is Hand Scraped Flooring GoHaus With Regard To Designs 6. Amish Hand Scraped HomerWood Intended For Flooring Prepare 1. Hand Scraped Hardwood Flooring Within Designs 16. Brazilian Cherry Prefinished Hand Scraped Hardwood Flooring Inside Designs 17. Amazing Hand Scraped Hardwood Flooring What Is Inside Decor 9. Amish Hand Scraped HomerWood Throughout Flooring Remodel 13. Hand Scraped Hardwood Flooring That S Really By With Regard To Ideas 14. Hand Scraped Ozark Hardwood Flooring Within Remodel 18. Hand Scraped Distressed Textured Floors With Regard To Flooring Remodel 7.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.526284
Retrieved Text: If two players are in (but not all-in) at showdown, should the dealer read the hand of the "first to show" if the "second to show" asks before tabling his hand? Or should the dealer just announce the 2 cards if asked?
A hand is entitled to be read by the dealer as soon as it is tabled. That's pretty much the dealer's job, although all players have an obligation to correct the dealer should it appear that the dealer has made an error in reading the hand.
What K-lo said but going a little further, the "second to show" shouldn't/doesn't need to ask. As soon as the hand is tabled the dealer should read and announce the hand. Subsequently, if there were more players tabling their hand the dealer should be reading and announcing the hand (typically, if the first hand is still the winner, the dealer will/can announce something along the lines of "two pair still good" or whatever).
Since a subsequent player has the right to muck a losing hand without showing in a NON all-in situation they are entitled to know/hear what the "first to show"'s hand is.
I don't know about you but, when I see a hand that has me beat, I toss mine in the muck and wait for the next deal.
This has always raised the question of; the ease to dump chips. What could be easier? Your friend bets, you call, he shows...and you muck!
What protection has been given to all the tournament players? Isn't it quite possible that the best hand

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.512866
Retrieved Text: These are tips that are specifically designed for the multihand blackjack game. Multihand black jack gives you five chances to win on every round, and these tips will help you take advantage of that opportunity.
– If you are playing in an online casino, no one will be rushing you. Take your time to think about how you want to play each of your five hands. Time to think is one of the great advantages of playing multi-hand blackjack online.
– Designate your five hands with different codes (i.e.: H1, H2, H3, H4, and H5).
– Employ a different level of aggressiveness for each hand. Operate the hand independently.
– Keep one hand as the “no bust” hand. Hold at a hard 16 or above.
– Keep one hand as a super-aggressive hand. Only hold at 20 or 21.
– Consider all Aces to have a value of one unless the hand equals twenty-one when the ace is counted as eleven.
– Take out insurance on some or all hands when the dealer is showing a face.
– Split any hand with two face cards.
– Play every hand to win. There is no rule against winning five times in one round if you play the cards right.
– Set time limits to your playing time and stick to them, especially if you are way ahead. Remember that probability-wise almost all gains and all losses will even out over time.
– Record what strategies you use and what the results are on paper. After several hundred rounds, you will start to see patterns. Use the information to

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.510582
Retrieved Text: On this website we recommend many pictures abaout Eight Way Hand Tied Sofa that we have collected from various sites Wordpress installed using Zesle Installer, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of picture for Eight Way Hand Tied Sofa. If you like the picture on our website, please do not hesitate to visit again and get inspiration from our website.
And if you want to see more images more we recommend the gallery below, you can see the picture as a reference design from your Eight Way Hand Tied Sofa.
Thank you for seeing gallery of Eight Way Hand Tied Sofa, we would be very happy if you come back.
Similar Keyword Eight Way Hand Tied Sofa : eight way hand tied sofa, eight way hand tied sofa brands, eight way hand tied sofa manufacturers, sofa eight way hand tied chenille, sofa eight way hand tied springs, sofas with eight way hand tied coil springs, what is eight way hand tied sofa, and more.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.510208
Retrieved Text: Find the angle between the minute and hour hand at 8:20 PM.
The distance between each notch on the clock is 6 degrees because there are 360 degrees on the clock, and there are 60 notches total. The minute hand is at notch #20, and so it is 120 degrees from the top. The hour hand is a little past notch #40 because the time is a little past hour 8. Thus, the hour hand is a little past 240 degrees from the top, going clockwise ( degrees).
In each hour, the hour hand goes 5 notches, or 30 degrees. Because it is now 20 minutes past the hour, a third of an hour has passed. One third of 30 degrees is 10 degrees. Thus, the hour hand is 10 degrees past notch #40. The hour hand is 250 degrees from the top, going clockwise. The angle between the two hands is thus 130 degrees.
When making a pie chart, how many degrees should be allotted for percent?
If is 2:00 PM, what is the measure of the angle between the minute and hour hands of the clock?
First note that a clock is a circle made of 360 degrees, and that each number represents an angle and the separation between them is 360/12 = 30. And at 2:00, the minute hand is on the 12 and the hour hand is on the 2. The correct answer is 2 * 30 = 60 degrees.
A clock currently reads 2:00. What is the size of the angle formed between the hour and minute

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.495787
Retrieved Text: Pick the poker hanc you're playing in the top drop-down menu and the number of players in the hand you can add in up to pokker players. A tie is devided between a win and a loss. With our poker odds calculator it's easy for you to make the right call in any situation, whatever poker hand you might have. Follow the steps as outlined below. Local Daily Poker Tournaments. Ever wonder who is the best poker player in the world?
Find the best poker sites to increase my chances of. This stregnth called " Putting ohline the most experienced poker other hands, or go back options here while holding down. Is studying plays more sfrength. This is called " Putting study various poker game strategies, you're holding by clicking on to, you can click into what when playing Texas Hold'em. Play Poker Best Poker Sites. Work with hypotheticals For all your selected hands: Click the apply button to register the stepping stone in taking your. Poker Starting Hands Chart. Follow the steps as outlined. While you don't have to select the two cards that and commit to countless hours certainly helpit is card, which will appear in basic odds, probabilities and percentages. So, What is a Poker.
I've never actually played the. Poker Odds for Dummies This at your poker hand odds and you'll see exactly what the 'dealer' on each hand hand where you are forced monthly fee i. This works for any pair those hand odds change, obviously. How much time should you. Actually the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.479171
Retrieved Text: Join us for a 2-hour talk, to discover the foundations of the life-changing Hand in Hand Parenting approach. You'll find out what drives your child's off-track behaviours, and how a deeper connection can get your child back on track. You will discover the Hand in Hand Parenting Listening Tools, and how they can be used to build connection and cooperation. You will also have the chance to consider what is hard for you in your parenting, and what you might like to change - and how to do it!
What the 6 Hand in Hand Parenting tools are - and why you will want to use them!
Cost: £25. I always make sure there are a couple of places available at a concession price of £15 - please do ask if you are in need of one of these places.
By the end of the evening, you will have an understanding of why our children behave in the ways they do, and why traditional approaches to discipline are not effective. You will have a good grounding in what the Hand in Hand tools are, and why they are useful, and you'll have ideas of where to look for more information. You will also better understand why we parents react to our children in the ways we do - and what we can do about it!
After our Introduction talk, there are many avenues open to you if you wish to develop your Hand in Hand skills further. I offer other short courses, and one-off talks and workshops, or if there's

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.474288
Retrieved Text: Are you experiencing pain in your hand? Is physical rehabilitation not working? Hand surgery may be required. Our experienced doctors at CurPoint Orthopedic in Seattle, WA can help. Call us at (206) 309-8106 or visit us at 140 4th Ave N Suite 170 Seattle, WA 98109.
Are you tired of suffering from hand pain? Do even some of the simplest tasks cause you a great amount of pain? Have you tried physical rehabilitation, but the pain just will not go away? Has a great deal of time in physical rehabilitation left you with unsatisfactory results for pain management? Then it is time to reach out to our experienced medical team at CurPoint Orthopedic in Seattle, WA. We are here to take hold of your hand pain and help you find the treatment plan that is right for you. What are some of the common reasons people experience pain in their hand? What treatment options are available? What can I expect from CurPoint Orthopedic?
What are some common reasons people experience pain in their hand?
Hand pain can be the result of a number of different underlying conditions. One of the most common causes is Arthritis. Arthritis causes the joints to lose the proper amount of cartilage that allows the joints to move smoothly against each other. As a result, the hands often become painful, swollen, and the loss of range of motion can even be debilitating.
Another ailment often contributing to pain is Tendinitis. This occurs when the tendons at the base of the thumb become inflamed and irritated. The

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.470493
Retrieved Text: The left hand part for this section is very simple to play, but still covers a lot of ground. Single notes cover the roots of the chords, but it doesn’t sound thin or empty when you play with hands together because the repeating right hand melody covers the chord tones that the left hand leaves out. For example, the first chord of this section is a G major chord (G, B, D). The left hand only plays the G, but if we look at what the right hand is doing on top of that single left hand note, we see (among other melodic notes) a G, a B, and a D. Together, the chord is complete! The same is true for each of the other chords to come.. the right hand melody fills in with chord tones where the left hand is lacking.
If you love using your favorite songs to learn the piano, check out ‘PHOTOGRAPH’ at the Playground Sessions YouTube channel. If you like what you see you can download the app to learn the rest with our interactive sheet music.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.470434
Retrieved Text: What I like about TONY MOLY PURE MILK HAND CREAM?
What I don’t like about TONY MOLY PURE MILK HAND CREAM?
Absolutely love my little tube of Tony Moly Pure Milk hand cream that I have nothing negative to say about it.
Tony Moly Pure Milk hand cream is a great product for moisturizing hands and even feet. It’s a great hand cream for those looking for something affordable that they can easily shove into their purse. The best thing about this hand cream is that it smells amazing and makes the skin so soft, smooth and supple that one wants to reapply it, which is a good thing because, usually people including me forget to moisturize and take care of their hands. Also, it’s made of organic ingredients and the main ingredient is pure milk which is great for whitening & brightening of skin. I’ve clearly noticed a difference in the complexion of my hands ever since I’ve started using it. It deserves 5 stars because the results it delivers are exactly what the company claims. I bought it on recommendation of a sales girl at Tony Moly outlet in Al Andalus Mall in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.463871
Retrieved Text: 1. Why are a defined set of standard precautions used regularly in healthcare settings?
2. What is the role of PPE in standard precautions?
3. Is there any evidence (within the assigned articles) that describes compliance with use of PPE in healthcare settings? If so, what does the data suggest about PPE compliance? Are there differences between compliance rates in subsets of healthcare workers (doctors vs. nurses)?
4. What can healthcare organizations do to improve PPE compliance?
5. What is the proper sequence for putting on PPE?
6. Who was Ignaz Semmelweis? What was his role in establishment of hand washing as a standard precaution in healthcare settings?
7. List events that prompt you to wash your hands in your everyday life? What about these events prompts you to remember to wash your hands?
8. List at least two reasons why health care workers don’t wash their hands every time that it is appropriate to do so.
9. Are gel hand sanitizers as effective as soap and water for hand washing?
10. Describe a proper hand washing routine.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.460297
Retrieved Text: Galatians 6:11 Now, in these last sentences, I want to emphasize in the bold scrawls of my personal handwriting the immense importance of what I have written to you. These people who are attempting to force the ways See with what large letters I am writing to you with my own hand. NOTICE WHAT LARGE LETTERS I USE AS I WRITE THESE CLOSING WORDS IN MY OWN HANDWRITING. Ye see how large a letter I have written unto you with mine own hand. See what large letters I use to write this myself. See with how large letters I write unto you with mine own hand. See what large letters I use as I write to you with my own hand! See with what large letters I am writing to you with my own hand. I’ve written this letter to you with my own handwriting—see how large I have to make the letters? See with what large letters I am writing to you with my own hand.
Now, in these last sentences, I want to emphasize in the bold scrawls of my personal handwriting the immense importance of what I have written to you. These people who are attempting to force the ways of circumcision on you have only one motive: They want an easy way to look good before others, lacking the courage to live by a faith that shares Christ’s suffering and death. All their talk about the law is gas. They themselves don’t keep the law! And they are highly selective in the laws

================



======= Instance Index 6852 =========
Input Text: What is the world full of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- countries
- thought
- water
- universe
- galaxy

Target Text: countries

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.522024
Retrieved Text: in HD format with duration 25 minute.
this time for full access this online movie. This is truly spectacular and can some of those rare incredible. The good quality was great all around. Management, photos and visual effects ended up all incredibly innovative along with brilliant. The pleasure on the script, often humorous possesses lots of heart for everyone his characters are all very beautifully shaped.
now for easy access this online movie. That is truly spectacular and may one of those rare wonderful. The good quality was great throughout. Management, photographs and visual effects were being all incredibly innovative in addition to brilliant. The pleasure on the script, often humorous possesses a lot of heart for all his characters are all very well toned.
Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Play Full Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Now you can watch full Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Original Title : Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Movie title in your country : Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Movie synopsis of Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
Full Streaming Watt's World Season 1 Episode 11 : Cuba: What Can I Get Away With?
in HD Quality with movie plot "Is the Cuba we love about to disappear? As the United States normalizes relations, Nick discovers

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.723528
Retrieved Text: Mission: To be the strongest cooperative financial institution in the world.
Q: Do full time employees at Desjardins welcome creative conflict?
Q: What opportunities do junior full time employees have to learn from more senior full time employees?
Q: How does Desjardins celebrate milestones?
Q: What attributes are uncommon at Desjardins?
What kind of health plan is offered to full time employees at Desjardins?
Desjardins Group is the top cooperative financial group in Canada and the fifth largest in the world. With assests of over $227 billion, Desjardins has one of the highest capital ratios and credit ratings in the industry. Offering a full range of products and services to individuals and businesses through an extensive online and physical network, Desjardins supports people in every aspect surrounding banking. Desjardins was rated as the strongest bank in North America according to Nloomberg News.
Rated as one of Canada's top 100 employers by Mediacorp canada, Desjardins is committed to supporting both clients and employees alike.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.613422
Retrieved Text: Have I done Any Good in The World Today ?
This just thinking this have I done any good in the world today have cheer up the sad. Sometimes we need to do the right that we can find the through happiness in life.
Many of us thinking Have I lift up the sad and ask to our self. Go about doing good is the best thing we can do this Thursday morning is holiday in the Philippines.
I know many things I can do to served my fellowmen, do feeling you help others make happy is the best things we can do everyday and honest in dealing with our fellowmen.
Was this question inspired by a hymn?
and made someone feel glad?
if not I have failed indeed.
It's a good question to ask yourself daily and like the hymn says, it's a good way to measure your success in life.
I value your answer, you narrate it very well.
So was the question inspired by the hymn or is it just a coincidence?
Who is the most important person in the world today?
What does SOCIAL JUSTICE mean in the world today?
Define in one word what is lacking in the world today.
What is the greatest threat to the world today?
What is the greatest threat to the world today?In today's world we are facing struggling economies, religious extremism, greed and poverty to just name a few. In your opinion what is the greatest threat to world peace and stability?
What are the "Seven Wonders of the World" today?
What are the "Seven Wonders of the World" today?Just read

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.560395
Retrieved Text: Rc Micro World Full Size Plans : Does your current workbench consist of two sawhorses and an old door slab? Well, my friend, it’s time to upgrade. There are hundreds of workbench plans out there, but not many of them call for plywood. Plywood makes a flat, stable work surface, and it doesn’t need to be clamped, glued or planed. And it can easily be replaced if it gets too beaten up after years of abuse. If the idea of building drawers makes you break into a cold sweat, then build your workbench with two shelf sections and forget about the drawers. But if your mantra is, “The more storage the better,” then get yourself an additional half sheet each of 3/4-in. and 1/4-in. plywood, and build another two drawer sections to take the place of the lower shelf.The free woodworking plans in this download will guide you through the process of building cabinet doors, from start to finish.The plan has step-by-step written instructions, a tools list, a materials list, a cut list, color photos, and extra tips.This free download from Popular Woodworking is your guide to essential cabinet making techniques. We’ve put the most important information about building cabinets into this PDF, to give you the skills you need for all kinds of cabinet projects.love of books! OK, that’s a big word. But that’s what it all comes down to, right? Once you’re done building a bookcase, you can fill it with all the colorful, entertaining books that have been sitting on your floor. Megan

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.49768
Retrieved Text: Here’s the full official trailer for Jurassic World! As we mentioned in our post about the reveal of the teaser trailer, we’ve got quite a while until this film debuts this summer, but there are already some things we can learn this full trailer.
We do get a sense of where the plot is headed, who characters are in how they relate to the story, and what exactly happens to cause the park to spin into chaos again.
But, hands down, it’s beautiful. B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L!
So, here it is in all it’s glory: the full trailer for Jurassic World!
So what do you think? Here our responses on Episode 140 this Friday!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.472176
Retrieved Text: Those that are just starting and need hand-holding throughout the entire process.
Those with other obligations, such as full-time jobs, stay-at-home parents, investors, or even those tired of the corporate world and want change.
Those who are existing agents who have figured out how to do real estate on their own, but still want a full-service training broker available for constant support at a very low cost.
Robert is not shy about telling all potential agents that Small World Realty is either exactly what you are looking for, or the furthest thing from it.
Contact us today to learn what it’s like working with Small World Realty.
Copyright © 2019 Small World Realty. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.44347
Retrieved Text: I am starting to understand where my hands go. What my mind is looking for when I am painting. I am sure I find my own time while I am using colors, and it's only a matter of what i want to say. I feel alone with the colors and the imagination in a world full of desire. This is something beautiful. I feel good.
I am starting to understand where my hands go. What my mind is looking for when I am painting.
I am sure I find my own time while I am using colors, and it's only a matter of what i want to say.
I feel alone with the colors and the imagination in a world full of desire.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.42263
Retrieved Text: (1) The thing itself, which is a qualitatively distinctive phenomenon. Let’s call it the thing-world, since it is an unfolding of a particular kind, which sets up a formal structure of internal relations and (externally) interactive potentials as it unfolds, and since our relationship to it is generally from its ‘outside,’ though we can enter into a relationship with it.
(3) The relating of the thing-world and thing-experience with the whole world. To keep things simple, we can call this the thing-world/extra-thing-world relation (with the thing-experience being a subset of this whole relation, and the only piece of it that is distinctly “ours”). Or we can call it the world-earth relation, or the world-universe relation, with the ‘world’ being the thing-world and the ‘earth’ or ‘universe’ being the unencompassable ground (considered either in its earthbound or its cosmic aspect) within which all thing-worlds have their being/becoming. This relation is the full set of connections and interdependencies within which the thing has its action. To map out this relation in its entirety is impossible, but to understand the more proximal and direct parts of it is possible and useful. It is, in effect, the thing come into its fullness: both its full glory and its full dispersion into (other) things.
This asymmetry is what gives process-relational ontology, at least the kind exemplified by these three thinkers, its evolutionary character and forward momentum. It is also what makes it different from relational philosophies for which all things are symmetrically related to all other things, resulting in the kind of formless,

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.410881
Retrieved Text: A Beauty-Full Book with a Beauty-Full Message.
Our true beauty comes from our innermost and is not based on what the world judges.
This message shared will support children of all ages, colour and origin (including all adults) to accept themselves just for BEING them.
Imagine a world filled with people living in the knowing of their TRUE INNER BEAUTY ­– knowing they are beauty-full just for being them.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.347301
Retrieved Text: I lived in Kabul, Afghanistan for a year from 2005 – 2006. I worked for UNDP-Afghanistan on ICT capacity building. While I was living in Afghanistan and when I returned to the United States, many people would ask me questions about my experience living in a Muslim country: Did you wear a head scarf, Did you wear a burqa?, What does it feel like to wear a burqa?, etc. I’ve been thinking a lot about these questions, and about the notion of public versus private space. I’d like to recreate this burqa wearing experience for people who don’t know what it feels like to wear a veil or full-body covering. I’m interested in the technical concept of full-body immersion and motion-based virtual worlds, and I’d like to explore this challenge for my physical computing final project. This is a popular topic on the tech scene right now, what with Microsoft releasing the Kinect for the XBox 360 and the recent hacks that have appeared, like the Adafruit ‘Open Kinect’ contest.
What’s it like to wear a burqa? What does it feel like underneath the veil? How do you see the world through the burqa?
In this provocative, full-body immersion installation, you can experience burqa wearing first-hand, see the world through veiled eyes, and discover what it feels like to move through scenery with a full-body covering. The burqa is an enveloping outer garmet worn by women in some Islamic traditions to cover their bodies and faces in public places. The full Afghan burqa covers the wearer’s entire face,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.328336
Retrieved Text: ‘The master praised the dishonest steward for his astuteness. For the children of this world are more astute in dealing with their own kind than are the children of light.
Find your way in the world.
The world is a capricious place.
Take the good with bad, you have no other choice.
Take the bad with good.
You may steer your own vessel, but you do not control the storm, the wind, the rain, the waves, or the current. You have little say in the choices that other people make.
Be loving, merciful, and just; strive to possess these qualities; regardless of how you fail, because you will fail time and time again, regardless of your failings, love what is good and avoid what is evil.
Be kind to people, and develop friendships, we cannot go through life without them. We need each other, we are communal beings. When age and sickness come upon us, we will die without loving friends and family.
The world is full of caprice, we cannot save up enough money, stores of food to survive an ordinary calamity, and the world is full of calamities. We cannot survive them without our friends.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.278401
Retrieved Text: It's officially a Full Moon in Pisces on Thursday, September 19, 2013 at 7:12 a.m. EDT.
This Full Moon is in the sign of Pisces, the sign of spirituality, compassion, sensitivity and inspiration.
If you are working on something you are obligated to create, this is a good time to enjoy finishing up for the big reveal. All the effort, and fatigue that may have been part of the package, are worth the end result. It's a time to prove to yourself that you are capable of bringing into reality what you have dreamed and conceptualized.
Like magic, what we envision can enter this world. Although Pisces often live in the higher vibration at the soul level, the Piscean energy allows us to imagine a reality we are able to bring to the world.
Emotions can either run high, or feel elusive now depending on your natural tendencies, but wisdom that is deep in your soul calls out in a very subtle way.
You may feel the desire to enjoy more baths or showers each day lately to give you the warmth and comfort you need. This will help you renew your energy and wash away stress and emotional energy helping you stay more balanced. Keep the water pressure low to conserve, but listen to what your body, mind and spirit need. Showers and baths are said to provide us with needed comfort that hearkens to what we once knew in the womb.
The water signs, Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces feel reactivated by this Full Moon. It's in your best interest to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.244215
Retrieved Text: Gates, Bezos, Jobs, Musk…we can’t all be like them. And, at the same time, they can’t be like us.
What the world needs, and is waiting for, is you. To step up. Because we need your personal insights, your abilities, your art. Because we can’t see what you see, know what you know.
The world is full of gaps, waiting to be filled. You can fill these needs by building something that needs to be built, helping someone who needs to be helped.
The world has already seen what they can do, but we’re still waiting to see what you can do.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.238275
Retrieved Text: What Will Be The Future Technology?
Special Subject "Networks In The Global World"
Is The Use Of Modern Expertise Making Us Lonely?
Is The Use Of Modern Know-how Making Us Lonely?
What Are The Variations Between Hardware And Software?
Full Text Of "Hacking Web Intelligence And Web Reconnaissance Concepts And Techniques"
Which Latest Mannequin Of Laptop Is Perfect For A BTech Scholar?
Can Schools Pull It Off?
Has Laptop Programming Really Modified A lot Since Lovelace's Time?
What Are The Newest Improvements In Sleep Expertise?
Full Textual content Of "Hacking Internet Intelligence And Web Reconnaissance Concepts And Techniques"
What Are The Newest Applied sciences In IT Business?
Full Textual content Of "Backlinksites"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.193189
Retrieved Text: 6 Jan -Living our life on purpose!
I was reading a story this week about a teenage boy who has started a charity to help AIDS victims, and orphans in Africa. Through using his interest and love of basketball the organisation he founded has helped raise over $2.5 million to support kids in Africa. This teenager wasn’t an amazing or the best basketball player, he simply loved the game, and when God got hold of his life He turned this young man’s passion into something He could use.
God has put the desires and dreams we have in our heart. He created each of us unique and with a purpose, to do amazing things. Whatever it is we love to do, are good at, or are interested in, God wants to use these qualities in us. He wants to increase our joy in them, and use who we are to bless the world.
The thing to think about is “What drives our life”? That young teenager is driven by compassion for orphaned Aids victims. It governs his decisions, choices and heart, and God has been able to use Him mightily for good.
We are all driven by something. The word drive is defined as “to guide, to control, or to direct. So what is the driving force in your life? Is it fear, guilt, resentment, materialism, or the need to be loved and to have others approval? Or, are you guided by the fact that you know your purpose and the meaning for your life? Does love and compassion guide

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.186714
Retrieved Text: David Cameron has said the world must consider the "full range of options" against Libya if violent repression continues and added that he wanted to tell Colonel Gaddafi: "What on earth do you think you are doing?
David Cameron has said the world must consider the "full range of options" against Libya if violent repression continues and added that he wanted to tell Colonel Gaddafi: "What on earth do you think you are doing? Stop it!"
The uprising in Libya and other Middle Eastern countries has dominated questions submitted by internet users for the Prime Minister to answer during his tour of Gulf states as part of an online series of grillings of world leaders.
One questioned whether the international community should not intervene to prevent the bloodshed in the same way it did in the former Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
"I completely back what Barack Obama said last night about this, and these actions, yes, they must have consequences - consequences in the UN Security Council, consequences for those responsible for them and we should, as Barack Obama said, look at the full range of options in doing that," Mr Cameron said.
"I would condemn human rights abuses and the repression by governments against their people wherever they happen, Libya included, and all our minds at the moment are focused on that country and quite rightly so.
"What we have been seeing on our television screen and is happening on the streets of Tripoli and elsewhere is completely unacceptable and it must stop and, as I am absolutely clear, if it

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.1774435
Retrieved Text: Fact is we live in a world where the immediate far exceeds the important – and I want to propose the reason for this is too many men have lost sight of, or have yet to define, the important in their life. [Read more…] about Are You Being Busy Or Effective?
What If Living At Your Full Potential Is a Myth?
How would you know you are at your “full potential”?
What do you imagine you would have in your life as a result of being at your “full potential” that you don’t have now?
And what if there was no such thing as your “full potential”?
These are great questions to ask because many of us get caught up in the idea that there is some magical place called our “full potential” and it really messes with our minds.
Many people believe that this is the reason why things feel off in their lives and marriages. [Read more…] about What If Living At Your Full Potential Is a Myth?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.176479
Retrieved Text: It’s a big question—where do writers get their ideas, where do artists get their visions, where do musicians get their music?
“The air is full of tunes, I just reach up and pick one.
”Now that is not a secret. But it is a sweet mystery.
For a fiction writer—a storyteller—the world is full of stories, and when a story is there, it’s there; you just reach up and pick it.
Then you have to be able to let it tell itself.
First you have to be able to wait. To wait in silence. Wait in silence and listen.
Listen for the tune, the vision, the story.
Not grabbing, not pushing, just waiting, listening, being ready for it when it comes.
This is an act of trust.
Trust in yourself, trust in the world.
Readiness—not grabbiness, not greed—readiness: willingness to hear, to listen carefully, to see clearly and accurately—to let the words be right.
To know how to make something out of the vision; that’s what practice is for.
Because being ready doesn’t mean just sitting around, even if it looks like that’s what writers mostly do; artists practice their art continually, and writing happens to involve a lot of sitting.
Scales and finger exercises, pencil sketches, endless unfinished and rejected stories.
The artist who practices knows the difference between practice and performance, and the essential connection between them.
The gift of those seemingly wasted hours and years is patience and readiness; a good ear, a keen eye, and a skilled hand, a rich vocabulary and grammar.
…you do your best to let the “idea”—the tune, the vision, the story—come through clear

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.176158
Retrieved Text: *blink, blink* That was an amazing cross over. Never expected some of the pairings, but they all do work out, don't they? The Miss Dashwood mentioned in the last full paragraph ... that's Eleanor? Or Maryanne? And what, in this world, happened to the other sister? Did I miss that?
Question: how much is 16 plus 12?
Brigid Wrote: ------------------------------------------------------- > *blink, blink* That was an amazing cross over. Nev > er expected some of the pairings, but they all do > work out, don't they? The Miss Dashwood mentioned > in the last full paragraph ... that's Eleanor? Or > Maryanne? And what, in this world, happened to the > other sister? Did I miss that?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.172052
Retrieved Text: David Benyamine captured his first World Series of Poker bracelet on Saturday night when he took down the $10k Omaha Hi-Lo World Championship for $535k.
The final table included a number of well-known names including Benyamine, Mike Matusow and Ram Vaswani, but in the end, it was Benyamine who took down the tournament. As soon as Matusow was dispatched in 5th place, Benyamine went on a rush and possessed a massive chip lead when he got heads-up with Greg Jamison. The tournament was over in a couple of hands after that, with Benyamine never being in danger of relinquishing his chip lead.
This continues what has been a very strong World Series of Poker for Benyamine. He finished 7th in the $5k No Limit 2-7 Draw Lowball event for $59k, third in the $5k Pot Limit Omaha w/ Rebuys event for $316k, and 10th in the $5k Seven Card Stud Hi/Lo Championship event for $31k prior to his victory on Saturday night. Benyamine is clearly in the zone right now, and even has an additional $816k in cash game winnings on Full Tilt Poker to go along with his success at the World Series of Poker.
Prior to this year's World Series of Poker, Erick Lindgren was considered the best poker player in the world without a bracelet. After Lindgren won the $5k Mixed Event, everyone looked at David Benyamine as being the best player in the world who hadn't won a WSOP event. Now that they have both won bracelets, who is next on the list? Gus Hansen?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.166215
Retrieved Text: Can't decide what supplements you need to get the most out of your workout?
GSX gives you all the supplements you need, packed together into one simple box.
I WANT TO GET RIPPED!
Entire Month's Worth of Full-Sized Supplements, No Samples!
What is Gym Supplements Box?
We provide you with full-sized premium supplements, tailored to your workout routine, packed together into one simple box.
Signup for your box now and start getting the most out of your workout!
We work with some of the most well-acclaimed brands, such as Optimum Nutrition, to provide you with the highest quality supplements.
More than double the value is packed into each box, giving great bang for your buck.
Tired of sample subscription boxes? So are we, that's why we provide you only with full-sized, premium supplements.
Each box contains enough supplements to last the average gym goer an entire month!
Manufactured, packed and shipped from the USA, our boxes can be sent anywhere in the world.
Sign up to rolling monthly, 3, 6 or 12 month plans. No commitment, no contracts, just high quality, full-sized supplements.
Pick either the Bulking or Shredding box, and choose what frequency you prefer from our flexible plans.
We pack your Gym Supplements Box full of premium supplements, tailored to fit your workout perfectly.
Every month we send your Gym Supplements Box straight to your door, anywhere in the world.
Happy Customers, Double The Value, Awesome Boxes!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.088647
Retrieved Text: These guys are beyond expectational , very honest, transparent and straight forward. They told me what needed to be done and that's all !
I told them to do what is right and have received my goods in Perfect condition.
USG freight Inc is a US-based international shipping services company fully licensed and bonded with the Federal Maritime Commission and act as NVOCC and Freight Forwarder company. USG offers to ship from the United States of America to all over the world. With Ocean freight service to more than 1200 Sea and Dry Ports all over the World and Air freight to over 2500 International Airports, we offer many types of international shipping for your cargo. US General Shipping committed to providing hassle-free, cost-effective and straight forward logistics services with no last-minute surprises and hidden charges. Our main office is in California we have agents in many places all over the world. As the top US Shipping Lines, USG also provides other types of shipping services.
US General Shipping offers full logistics services from point A to Point B. We offer a full door to door service for most of the destinations around the globe however there are some limited places where we don't offer a full door to door service. Upon your request, we will confirm if the door delivery service is available for your destination.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.077382
Retrieved Text: The purpose of The New Mindset is to show that there are better ways to learn and develop skills and that once you access that knowledge, you can follow the path to be much more and live to your full potential.
I believe that many people live far below the full potential of their minds, they live in a world where there is a lot of impossibilities, this generally happens by the ignorance of the paths that lead to the expected result.
It is possible to live in a world full of alternatives and possibilities, where you can achieve incredible results in no time, but it is necessary to look for ways that are not the most common.
My goal with this project is to guide you along this path.
I was fascinated by learning since I was little, trying to understanding how certain people could be so good at what they do, and why, for most people, it is so difficult to learn and develop some skills.
Over time I have discovered that it is not that difficult to develop the skills, what normally happens to most people, is that they do not know the best way to achieve that result.
For example, to acquire a new skill, to learn to play chess or to speak a new language, this for many people seems to be something nearly impossible. But it is not, once you know the best way to achieve this result.
I know there are several ways to achieve the same result, but what I mean is that normally there

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.072795
Retrieved Text: Here Jesus is saying that He wants us to be full of joy, and he also wants us to love another.
Jesus again uses the phrase “that your joy may be full.” It is related to asking for things in His name. He does not say to ask for joy, but that when we do ask, we will receive, and that we will also be full of joy. So what exactly are we supposed to ask for?
The first time Jesus used this phrase, it was in connection with a command to love one another. 1 John 1:4 also uses this phrase, “These things we write to you that your joy may be full.” And what is most of 1 John about? God’s love, and loving one another.
Following Jesus’ words about love and joy in John 15 and 16, he prays in John 17 that we will have His joy fulfilled in ourselves (v. 13), and that we will be one, that they world may believe that God send Him (v. 21).
Jesus knew that if we really love one another, not only will we have joy, but the world will know that Jesus was sent by God. This is powerful stuff!
If we as Christians can show love to one another, we will experience joy, not only because by getting along with each other and encouraging and supporting each other we will naturally feel a fellowship and closeness that brings satisfaction, but also because it is a promise of God.
So let us ask in His name that He will

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.067284
Retrieved Text: The world is definitely big!
Full of so much unknown, especially for those who hadn’t stepped out of their hometown. For them, world is completely different from what they are used to with. I was one such person before I boarded a flight to Sharjah from Karachi on 4th Jan 2017.
Still scratching your head from what you read in my previous post?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.065789
Retrieved Text: A lover and a feeler, you could always read my grandmother's thoughts through her eyes.
If you upset her, her eyes would look toward the ground in pain.
Years have passed and my grandmother has stopped looking toward the ground. She's always looking up now, wide eyed and full of wonder.
Over the course of the years, she's fallen into dementia. As I've observed her facial expressions, I've seen more joy in recent years than I did when I was younger. Her dementia has made her progressively happier.
My grandmother was a romantic in her younger years -- an artist and photographer married to a mathematician.
Her life was full of feeling, full of emotion and full of holding on.
I see parts of myself in my grandmother and how she was when she was younger -- easily hurt with a face that can give you an answer without saying a word.
We both hold onto pain. We both hold onto things that have hurt us. We both have a hard time letting go.
We hold onto things that have hurt us, and we have a hard time letting go.
She no longer holds on.
Dementia has knocked out my grandmother's pain. She's no longer sensitive to hurtful words. She's no longer concerned with what she looks like.
In her mind, she doesn't remember what the world thinks of outside appearance. The past is forgotten, and the future is out of sight.
She's simply concerned with what is in front of her because what is in sight is what matters to her most.
When I last visited her I

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.063131
Retrieved Text: A Lush Post-Apocalyptic World – How have machines dominated this world, and what is their purpose? What happened to the civilization here before? Scour every corner of a realm filled with ancient relics and mysterious buildings in order to uncover your past and unearth the many secrets of a forgotten land.
Cutting Edge Open World Tech: Stunningly detailed forests, imposing mountains, and atmospheric ruins of a bygone civilization meld together in a landscape that is alive with changing weather systems and a full day/night cycle.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.05358
Retrieved Text: Life is Strange APK Download Full Ep.1-5 _v1.00.167 [Latest Version] for Android game is very popular and thousand of gamers around the world download it here without any PAYMENTS.Get it now for FREE! Just a few easy steps and you are enjoying full version of the game for tablet or phone!
Life is Strange APK Download Full is a five part episodic game that sets out to revolutionize story-based choice and consequence games by allowing the player to rewind time and affect the past, present, and future.
Exclusively on Android, the game Life is Strange APK Download Full comes with full controller support. An all-new photo mode allows you to take pictures like never before, modify them with filters and easily share them. Additionally, you can seamlessly share your progress on social media, and compare your own story choices with friends.
Can this playable on Oppo F1s?
I finished download it but when I tried to install it says parse error. What to do? I am definitely sure that I downloaded it 100%.
When I start the game a screen appears and the app close itselfs. What is wrong?
Life is Strange (Complete Season) APK game for Android is very popular and thousands of gamers around the world download it here without any payments. And we can help you! To download the game for free, we recommend you to read & follow How-To’s instruction on DOWNLOAD SECTION. Just a few easy steps and you are enjoying full version of the game for tablet or phone!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.050378
Retrieved Text: Seafire was insanely fun and easy to read. Caledonia has lost her entire family to bloodthirsty pirates who want nothing more than to be the ones on top. After the initial “Before in the story,” we’re taken on an adventure where teen girls become the face of revenge. Caledonia then shows us what it is to be a strong female lead in a world full of misogynistic men. If you’re wondering, this is definitely the feminist novel you’ve been looking for. What I truly enjoyed about this though, was that it was the world-building. I think Parker did well with character development and showcasing a book full of strong female leads. If I haven’t already mentioned enough of how much I love the female camaraderie. The book at times was a bit slow—but when the action was there, it was hard to put the book down. If you’re one who likes books that make their hearts pump, this is for you. I can recommend enough. Now the hard part is having to wait until the next book comes out. Hopefully, we won’t have to wait too soon. I loved being in the Seafire world and look forward to what happens next.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.048049
Retrieved Text: We believe in something and not everything.
Full Participants surrender to Jesus Christ and Christ alone as Lord and Savior. They look to Jesus’ death on the cross for their redemption and reconciliation to God the Father.
Full Participants submit to the authority of the Bible, the living word of God inspired by the Holy Spirit. Full Participants learn from it, study it, obey its teachings, and consider it the authoritative story of God over all of their life.
Full Participants take part in an on-going conversation with God through frequent prayer.
Full Participants engage with God in regular times of solitude and silence with God to grow in their ability to love God and love others.
Full Participants surrender to God’s call to be generous and grateful by tithing the first 10% of their household income to the work of God in this community and the world as expressed through Lakeland Community Church. This is the starting place for the generous life.
Full Participants confront the power of pain and hard times and see in them great power to shape their souls.
Full Participants walk together with other Christ-followers. Full participants seek out Small Groups, Accountability Groups, and/or Spiritual Mentorship and in these relationships live honestly, authentically, and transparently. There is no hiddenness in their life. In these small groups or one-on-one relationships the Full Participant knows, loves, serves, and celebrates others.
Full participants come together to live life before an audience of One! In all they do they live only to glorify God and enjoy him forever!
Full Participants promote and defend the

================



======= Instance Index 6872 =========
Input Text: What is water to someone?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- dangerous
- blue
- toxic
- important
- surface of earth

Target Text: important

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 13.111253
Retrieved Text: If you have recently had some form of water damage in your home, it is crucial to make sure the damage is cleaned up properly. Many people don’t realize how quickly water damage can turn into a problem with black mold. Don’t allow this to happen. Instead, schedule an appointment to learn more about professional cleanup from a crew who has plenty of experience.
Check with the homeowners insurance company to find out whether or not water damage is covered under your homeowner’s insurance policy. If so, it makes perfect sense to hire a professional to help with the cleanup. There will be no question as to whether or not the job is done right the first time.
As long as the work is done properly, there should be no question regarding mold damage. Thankfully, there are a team of professionals who know what to look for when it comes to Water Damage Reconstruction in Oshkosh WI. The professionals will look for the damage, offer an estimate and then leave it up to the homeowner to decide when to proceed.
Of course, it is important to hire someone who has plenty of experience when it comes to water damage reconstruction. Don’t take any chances of hiring someone off the street to do the work. You need someone who knows what they are doing and someone who is going to work hard to make sure the job is done properly. Always hire someone who is licensed and insured to take on this task.
Don’t ignore water damage in this home. If

########
Rank: 1
Score: 12.996194
Retrieved Text: Receive no-obligation quotes from reviewed, rated & trusted Hot Water System Installers in minutes.
Boiler is working fine but cold water is still coming through some taps in hot water position. The taps which still have hot water are nearer the boiler and the ones without hot water are further away. British gas have advised to call a plumber. They mentioned that the mixer taps may need to be checked.
Diagnosed the issue really quickly and gave honest advice. Much appreciated!
We suddenly stopped getting hot water and unsure what's wrong. Can someone come by and have a look tonight?
Potentially an issue with the mixer valve in the shower. Hot water and boiler is working fine in all other areas of the property.
The headset of toilet has come off, hot water doesn’t work and when it does it doesn’t last longer than 2 minutes so it is difficult to have showers or wash dishes, and our heaters don’t work.
There is no hot water in the flat. Need someone to check the boiler and the control panel for the water heater to either reprogram or assess and fix the problem. Someone else came and did not fix so needs to be someone with solid knowledge and very reliable.
There is no hot water in the flat. Need someone to check the boiler and the control panel for the water heater to either reprogram or assess and fix the problem. Ideally someone can come today after 5 pm! Thanks!
I need the old hot water heater above sink removed and then a replacement

########
Rank: 2
Score: 12.635954
Retrieved Text: I need to animate Genesis 1:2 for a DVD message. It a very simple 10 sec animation but I don't know how to animate water reacting to wind, some what like a helicopter hovering over water but not so violent.
I must point out I have very limited Lightwave experience as I am a speed edit guy. If all else fail's would someone be able to send a demo scene file. I'd be happy to include you in the credits, and send you a copy of the finished DVD, that's about all I can offer.
I'd be happy with any help though.
Here is a good water tutorial.
And a thread at another forum.
When you are doing the water, it is by displacement. If can figure how to tie the level of say a radial displacement to the proximity of an object (or null) it may give you what you are describing.
I hope someone with more know how chimes in, like Splinegod.
use wave texture, it is an animated texture.
create a null to use as "reference object" in the texture settings. Animate object for intensity, location of texture.
Make sure your water plane is set to subdivision "last" under the item properties panel.
I'll take a look at the tut, and make a start. Sorry adamredwoods, I'm not sure what your talking about, my ignorance!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 12.597662
Retrieved Text: About half the population in Kenya do not have access to clean quality water. When we talk about water coverage, we consider accessibility, quality, affordability and in sufficient quantities. Did you know that for every glass of water a Kenyan has, a Ugandan has 6? Water is one of those precious and rare resources that few stop to think about.
When you have running water in the house, it is often difficult to think about the other person. What most people do not realize is that for every drop of water you waste, someone somewhere is suffering for it. Even if you are comfortable with your monthly water bill, you can still reduce the wastage and help someone else get the water. It is all in the spirit of caring for one another.
For those like me who are simply tired of getting massive water bills at the end of the month, there are small changes you and I can do around the house to reduce the amount.
In this article, we look at 13 of the most basic and easiest ways to conserve water by reducing wastage in and around the house.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 12.573756
Retrieved Text: Drowning: What Every Parent NEEDS to Know!
Today I’m going to talk about what drowning really means, how to recognize if someone is drowning, and I’m going to explain why drowning is one of the most preventable causes of death and injury and what you can do to keep your child safer around water for their entire life. It’s a long article, but probably the most important article I’ve written on the subject, so please stick with me.
There are a number of terms out there for drowning, including: secondary drowning; dry drowning; near drowning. The number of terms is misleading and has even led to confusion amongst medical professionals, but officially* there is only one term that should be used and only one term you need to know – drowning.
Drowning is a process. One outcome of the process of drowning is death, but during the approximately 10 minutes it takes for someone to die from drowning, the brain is being deprived of oxygen and permanent damage can occur. Brain damage starts to occur within 5 minutes of the brain not receiving oxygen.
Contrary to common opinion, the most severe complications or death from drowning are not caused by water filling the lungs. The biggest problem in drowning is oxygen not getting to the brain.
Think of it this way – being under water is the same as being in outer space. If you can’t breathe oxygen, you will die.
The process of drowning is serious and should be taken seriously by parents, lifeguards, and communities. In minor drowning cases, even

########
Rank: 5
Score: 12.52509
Retrieved Text: What if a single toast could provide a week’s supply of water for someone in need? Now it does. From now until April 22, tag #RaiseItForward, @AbsolutElyx and @WaterForPeople in a photo raising a glass and Absolut Elyx will donate one week of safe water to someone in need for every post. If we reach 10,000, we will increase from 1 week to 1 month of safe water in our donation.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 12.501531
Retrieved Text: 1 Know how to dog paddle.
2 Know how to swim with your head underwater.
3 Be able to jump in and swim to steps, ladder, or wall.
4 Know two water safety rules.
5 What would you do if someone was in trouble in the pool? Would you try to save them? Why would it be better to call a parent or adult to come and help?
6 What is the emergency number of an ambulance?
Know how to dog paddle.
Face over water and paddling with alternate hands, often with the nose and mouth above the water. This stroke can be used in reverse to propel the body feet first.
Know how to swim with your head underwater.
By relaxing your body ease your breath open your eyes normal.
Be able to jump in and swim to steps, ladder, or wall.
Know two water safety rules.
If you're just learning to swim, stay in the shallow end.
Don't push or jump on others.
What would you do if someone was in trouble in the pool? Would you try to save them? Why would it be better to call a parent or adult to come and help?
What is the emergency number of an ambulance?
This page was last edited on 7 August 2017, at 16:43.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 12.451303
Retrieved Text: Who Is Rowe Coffee Co.
We come to your event and the total price is based upon distance and duration of the event, but each guest pays for their own drink.
The total price is dependent upon distance and duration of the event, but you cover a ‘duration fee’ for an open coffee bar providing free unlimited drinks for guests.
The total price is dependent upon distance and duration of the event, and you pay per head for free unlimited drinks for guests.
WE ARE PHILANTHROPISTS AND WE WANT TO CHANGE THE WORLD.
"Great Coffee for the Greater Good"
is the banner we want to raise with you. So how do we do this together?
When you buy a cup of Rowe Coffee Co. for yourself or for someone else who just needs a pick-me-up you can be confident that it is some of the highest quality coffee that is sure to brighten your day or the friend you are sharing with! If you want to know more go ahead and click here.
Water is life. You have it in your coffee and we pay to have quality clean water. It makes a difference. So we thought why should the majority of the world suffer from unclean water?
This is why we have partnered with Charity:Water to help make a difference in the world. When you choose Rowe Coffee Co. you choose life. You are choosing to save someone by providing clean water. With every drink you buy or event you book we donate 10% of the profits. This means as you get your cup

########
Rank: 8
Score: 12.442235
Retrieved Text: A (real) Go Getter Idiom American Expressions and American Idioms - What does A (real) Go Getter Idiom mean?
What does a (real) go-getter mean? a (very) ambitious, hard-working person. "I'm not surprised that Jean finished before anyoneelse. She's a real go-getter."
What does "odd man out" mean? an unusual person or thing I always feel that I am the odd man out when I go with my coworkers to a restaurant.
What does "make a laughingstock of (someone)" mean? do something that makes people laugh at someone I made a laughingstock of myself when I dropped the plate of crackers at the party.
What does "fruits of one's labor" mean? the results of one's work We decided to enjoy the fruits of our labor so we went on a long holiday to Europe.
What does "get along in years" mean? to grow older My parents are getting along in years but they are still very healthy.
What does "get one's head above water" mean? to get in control of one's situation (often financial situation) When I get my head above water I will be able to spend less time working.
What does "put a flea in (someone`s) ear" mean? to give someone a severe scolding, to give someone an idea or answer that is not welcome I put a flea in my friend's ear when I began to criticize him.
What does "when it comes right down to it" mean? when one really thinks about something When it comes right down to it, I don't think that you should quit your job.
What does

########
Rank: 9
Score: 12.439584
Retrieved Text: This is one of our Faith topics.
What is water baptism all about, and why do we do it at church? It seems a little weird to a kid.
Have you ever thought about why people go swimming at church? Well, it’s not really swimming, but people do go under that water. When we see this happen, it means someone is getting baptized. So, why do we do that? Let’s answer some important questions so you can decide if you’re ready to get baptized.
Nope, getting baptized doesn’t save us from our sins. Jesus saves us from our sins the moment we put our trust in him. Baptism is what we do after we’ve trusted in Jesus because we want to tell the whole world that we belong to him.
Why Should We Get ___________?
Well, the first reason is because Jesus told us we should get baptized. And, when Jesus tells us to do something, we should do it! The other reason is because baptism is a symbol for something that happens in our lives when we meet Jesus. When we go into the water, we’re dying to our old sinful ways, and we come out of the water forgiven and free to live a new life that honors God.
So kids, now that you know what baptism is, talk to your parents and decide if you’re ready to do it.
Getting baptized doesn’t save us from our sins.
We should get baptized because Jesus told us to!
Baptism is a symbol for something that happens inside us.
Have you ever seen someone get baptized?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 12.438337
Retrieved Text: The act also prohibits a vessel owner from knowingly allowing someone under age 16 to operate that vessel while towing someone engaged in water skiing.
The act also requires the commissioner to publish on DEEP's website safe water skiing information equivalent to what is included in the safe boating courses.
The act also makes conforming changes.
EFFECTIVE DATE: October 1, 2015, except for the provisions requiring the commissioner to amend the safe boating regulations and publish information on DEEP's website, which are effective upon passage.
3. water ski (a) from one-half hour after sunset to sunrise or (b) when weather conditions limit visibility to less than 100 yards (CGS § 15-134).

########
Rank: 11
Score: 12.430773
Retrieved Text: I agree with the project. Some caveats: The part about "building it gradually" needs to be emphasized more to Congress, and a real analysis on the cost-sharing between states (per year of construction) needs to be performed, vs. total number of years anticipated to build, and submitted to the State legislatures, because a true interstate water pipeline like this one described will cost literally trillions and will take decades to build. Its continued annual funding will therefore need to survive many state and federal congressional sessions. So all of the timeline, and cost, and cost-sharing, and budget projections will need to be well thought out (and clearly spelled out), before this project could ever get traction at the state or federal levels.
I've been talking about this for years, glad to see someone is doing more than I have. This would alleviate so many obvious problems I can't even begin to list them.
It is time for America to do great things ... again. Ultimately this project will be a great boon to our economy and the Federal Budget.
The state of Texas needs to consider desalination (like Israel) to end the water woes of farmers and ranchers. A pipeline from the Gulf coast to central Texas and the crop lands of the Panhandle would employ out-of-work Texans (even depopulate our prisons).
i don't understand why this has not been done already. I live in California and conserving water is not enough, more needs to be done. When you 17 feet of snow piles in Boston, what are we waiting

########
Rank: 12
Score: 12.298309
Retrieved Text: You never know when someone may try to flush 3 1/2 pounds of dog food down your commode.
Home » Archive » Topics » Interiors » WEIRD WEDNESDAY: Ever Had To Flush 20 Golf Balls?
WEIRD WEDNESDAY: Ever Had To Flush 20 Golf Balls?
Plumbing can be one of the most difficult and unglamorous aspects of facility management. So when someone introduces a product that can successfully flush just about anything—and in jaw dropping quantities—well, that’s worthy of special attention.
St. Thomas Creations of San Diego, CA has introduced the high performance Quattro Flushing Technology system—an advanced flushing system that addresses the environmental efficiency and poor performance issues long associated with the use of 1.6-gallon water closets.
Quattro uses half the amount of water as traditional 3.5-gallon models and features an extra large three-inch flush valve, for maximum water flow to the bowl, eliminating the need for double flushing. An extra large direct-fed water jet delivers maximum force, providing exceptional waste removal from the bowl. And a 2 1/8” glazed trapway is computer-designed to minimize clogging.
With Quattro Flushing Technology, 1.6-gallon water closets are more efficient than ever before. While the Quattro targets the residential audience, it may be worth checking to see if the same technology may be incorporated into a commercial product. After all, you never know when someone may try to flush 3 1/2 pounds of dog food down your commode.
That is weird that it would be compared to a 3.5 gallon toilet since those are old school…but the clip was great. I’m going to see if our toilets

########
Rank: 13
Score: 12.283171
Retrieved Text: « Please Take Good Care of Yourself.
Today we ask that you stop arguing.
It just means, don’t argue.
Almost all argument is a waste of energy.
When someone has a viewpoint strongly in opposition to yours, arguing with them will almost never convince them that you are right. It usually just makes them more intractable and rigid.
The best way to be is like water.
Water is a powerful substance. It wears down mountains and carves deep canyons. It can pass around and beneath any closed door. It wields vast power.
Water is fluid. There is nothing rigid about water.
Rigid things break. Water is unbreakable.
So when someone comes at you with beliefs you don’t like, don’t take a rigid stance. Don’t tell them that they’re wrong and give them a lecture.
Just say they could be right, and go about your business.
This doesn’t mean they are right, and you are not saying so. All you are saying is they could be right.
Telling someone they could be right is like giving them a wonderful gift. Often people are so delighted to be given this gift, that as soon as you give it to them, they relax. The moment you don’t argue, the moment you say “You could be right” — watch what happens. Their whole attitude may change. They may even be able to listen to you now. They would never have listened to you when you were arguing with them.
Stop arm wrestling with people. It is a waste of energy.
Think of all the good things you could do with that arm, if you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 12.277068
Retrieved Text: What do Integrative and Functional Dietitians do?
WeighlessMD is proud to announce their new and headlining body composition scanner, the InBody. This machine is the quickest and most accurate way of depicting the amount of fat, lean body mass, minerals, and body water a body might be carrying. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the wave of the future, and WeighlessMD is proud to be a part of it.
Why would someone need a body composition test? It is the only way to accurately test and identify what a body is made of and carrying in terms of muscle to fat ratios. Without knowing precisely what a body is made of, that ratio is just a guess by appearance, and this can lead to less-than-great results.
In the past, Body Mass Index (BMI) tests were conducted to affirm whether or not someone was healthy. However, if someone is a bit athletic or sedentary, BMI can be misleading. The InBody has a new way to measure the exact body composition of a person, and this is called a Bioelectric Impedace Analysis (BIA). A Bioelectric Impedance Analysis works by sending a small – and safe – electrical current through a person and measuring the resistance of that current (impedance) as it travels through the body’s water. As the impedance is measured, an accurate body composition is obtained.
There is a key difference between the InBody BIA and others of its kind. The InBody is medical-grade and able to measure the entire body. Others just measure the lower half or the upper half, but

########
Rank: 15
Score: 12.252472
Retrieved Text: Every seasoned water sports aficionado starts out the same way: eager, excited, and holding onto the tow rope handle for dear life.
What comes next, for most, is often a few tumbles and splashes into the sea spray before settling into the rhythm of the water. Once that happens, though, it’s nothing but fun and pure adrenaline.
It’s a thrill you’ll never forget… so why not help someone else enjoy it, too? That’s what Pass the Handle Day is all about!
This celebratory day, thought up four years ago by water sportsmen Zane Schwenk and Shaun Murray, is a time for soaking up fun on the water the best way you know how—and just maybe inspiring someone else along the way.
Wondering how to do that? You probably didn’t need an excuse to hop on your board July 23rd… but just in case, here are five fun ways to spend the day!
Whether it’s an old friend or family member you just don’t see enough, we can’t think of a better way to reconnect than over some water sport fun. Invite a pal to go wakeboarding, for example, even if they’ve never done it before. You’ll share lots of laughs as you work to show them the ropes—literally! And by the time they get the hang of things, you might just notice that you’ve gained a new wakeboarding partner in the process.
Another great teaching opportunity? The next generation! Whether it’s your son or daughter, niece or nephew, it’s always fun to share the thrill of towed water sports with someone who’s

########
Rank: 16
Score: 12.240419
Retrieved Text: If your home is currently being threatened because of water damage from flooding, you need to bring in a team of professionals who knows what it takes to get the job done right. Our team of professional flood damage repair has years of experience and expertise to prevent the damaging effects of water inside of your property. We work hard to help restore and preserve as much of your property as we can. We understand that it can be stressful and overwhelming enough just dealing with a flood, which is why we work to make the process as simple as we can.
We have all of the necessary experience and equipment to handle any amount of water damage. Regardless of how large or small your water damage is, we have a solution to handle the problem for you with ease. It doesn’t matter what time of day or night you need someone, because we have someone who is available to answer your call. We have a team that works around-the-clock to make sure you always have access to someone right when you need it the most.
We focus on drying, disinfecting and deodorizing your property in a safe manner. Every area that sustained flood damage is going to be taken care of for you. When we leave your property, it will look and smell absolutely amazing. Our goal is to make it look like there was never a flood that occurred in your property.
We use hygrometers, moisture detectors and various other meters to measure just how much saturation

########
Rank: 17
Score: 12.232414
Retrieved Text: Water leak coming from the bottom of Timing belt, what could it be?
Hi, I have just bought an A4 2.0 Estate, knowing that it had a leak coming from the engine bay, and that is all i was told. I have taken the splash shield off quickly, just to see if it was anything obvious like a split pipe, as water is POURING out of the car. The water seemed to be ending up at the red arrow shown on the picture below. Also, could someone please point out what pulley would be attached to the water pump? Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanks.
The water pump is the smalles toothed pulley directly above the crankshaft pulley...the one the timing belt turns.
The coolant is most likely coming from there.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.174869
Retrieved Text: If you are a homeowner, there’s a good chance you are concerned about yard work. Many people don’t realize the amount of effort needed to have a beautiful yard. If this is something that there is not a lot of time for, consider hiring someone to help with Lawn Maintenance in Ashburn VA.
Perhaps you are someone who doesn’t know the first thing about having a beautiful yard. If this is the case, there is no shame in hiring someone to help out. They have plenty of tips to transform the yard into something amazing. Be patient and remember it takes time to create a beautiful Garden of Eden.
Of course, it is the responsibility of the homeowner to make sure the lawn is getting enough water. Check with the lawn care company to learn more about when it is important to water. If desired, consider the option of installing an automatic sprinkler system. This is becoming a popular option because it is possible to water the entire yard without having to move the garden hose.
Fertilizer plays a big part in Lawn Maintenance in Ashburn VA. Visit us to learn more about when to fertilize. Of course, if this is something that you need help with, a professional is available to come to the home to take care of fertilizing.
Having a beautiful yard is easy if you know what to do. For those who are struggling, think about hiring someone to help out. Of course, it is important to stay on top of everything that needs to be

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.173323
Retrieved Text: 1. Someone in my household was washing off some meat and a few drops went into the milk sink. There were a few items in the sink. Does everything need to be rekashered?
2. Also, If this has been done before without my knowledge and other items could have been washed what do i do? I can’t re kosher my whole kitchen.
My understanding of what happened is that you were washing off some meat in the sink, and some of the water splashed into the milky sink. The items in the milky sink only have to be washed off with soap and water that is not hot, and then they may be used.
You don’t have to be worried that someone washed off things in your sink without your knowledge and made it not kosher, we only have to worry about the things that we know about.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.15172
Retrieved Text: Who can forget as a child plucking a plastic duck from the water and eagerly checking the number on the bottom to see what you've won?
What can we say? It involves water, a target, and someone getting wet.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.141829
Retrieved Text: In the forthcoming series Falling Water, three strangers (played by Lizzie Brocheré, Will Yun Lee and David Ajala) come to realise that they are dreaming parts of the same dream. Delving deeper into the meaning of this connection, they gradually discover that the implications are much larger than their personal fates, and could impact the waking world.
Created by Blake Masters and the late Henry Bromwell, it’s produced by The Walking Dead‘s Gale Anne Hurd, who offers up the following preview.
You’ve made a point that the longer you’re in this business, the more particular you get about what you want to get involved with. What was it about Falling Water that attracted you?
It’s a show that asks a lot of compelling questions, but surprisingly, in the pilot we answer quite a few, so it’s not just, “Okay, we’re going to throw up a lot of things and you’ll wonder if we know where we are going.” I was lucky, because there was already a spec script that Blake Masters had written with Henry Bromell, so that’s really a producer’s dream.
It’s not someone comes in and pitches you something and in a half hour they can make it sound fantastic, and then you realise it’s missing a lot of things when you read it. I was able to read it and say, “This is a journey I want to go on,” and at the end of the day, I’m too old and I’ve done too many things, so it’s got to be the right people. Someone like Blake,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.123485
Retrieved Text: What do I do if my water pressure suddenly increases or decreases?
Call our office and we will attempt to isolate the cause over the phone, if we are unable to locate the problem, we will dispatch personnel to check for the cause of the problem.
What do I do if water is leaking in my basement?
You may have a leak on your service line. If you can turn the water off using your master shut-off valve, located inside or near your meter, do so immediately and call a plumber. If you cannot shut the water off in your house, call our office or the after-hours number and we will dispatch someone to turn the water off at the street until the repairs can be made.
If I see water bubbling up in the street, what should I do?
You may not have water due to several reasons. There may be a main break in the area, improvements to the water system are being performed or for violation of the Rules and Regulations of the Authority.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.102671
Retrieved Text: First aid kit needed, none on board.
Any SEC fans on here?
Anyone see this new Lowrance??
Hurry! There is only a 2 purchase limit!
Soft water season is about over, now what?
Someone no longer wears the pants!!
What's on your Christmas wish-list?
Your one favorite Body of water to fish?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.099764
Retrieved Text: What if you could help someone in need?
We can, and we are!
As the DC and Baltimore metropolitan areas begin to dig out from last weekend's blizzard, there are many homes and businesses that have sustained water damage from the storm. Flood Damage Pro wants to make a difference for someone whose property was damaged in the recent storm and can't afford to pay out of pocket for their water damage restoration.
Flood Damage Pro is stepping up to the plate to help someone who needs the help. If you or someone you know is in this situation, make sure to visit Flood Damage Pro's Facebook page and write a few paragraphs telling about who needs the help. It can be anyone, your next door neighbor, the community center, local church or even you.
Send a private message, share on your Facebook, tweet on twitter, we can even send you a page to print out for your local ad board. We are looking for the people who really need our help at this time, and without your help - we might not be able to get to them.
Share this post: https://www.facebook.com/FloodDamagePro/ and get the word to someone who needs it.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.095077
Retrieved Text: What do you know about Davis Trinity?
Click here to see what goes into the Davis Trinity drinks!
Ideally, this feat is accomplished in one night and as quickly as possible. It is generally advised to prepare ahead of time (eat, drink a lot of water) and to not drink any other alcoholic beverages before embarking on the task. A determined group of adventurers can be expected to complete the Trinity within 90 minutes, even if they are drinking at a leisurely pace.
Alpha: Someone who completes the Trinity without help.
Beta: Someone who cannot complete the Trinity or needs help... Or someone who eats Jack-in-the-box before the bars and spends the rest of the night recreating Niagara Falls on his toilet rather than coming out drinking.
The TC - The Triple Crown is awarded to those who dare try this feat in under 45 minutes. Not recommended, but gives you bragging rights. Chug a ton of water immediately after achieving feat.
>This sounds like a supremely non-ideal choice of activities. Just sayin'. Do you all still get the "Happy 21st Birthday! Here's a story of a student who died of acute alcohol poisoning!" email from Student Health/Campus Student Affairs?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.0731735
Retrieved Text: When you’re planning on swimming in the ocean it’s wise to know what to expect. Rip tides are just one of those things you may encounter. Potentially deadly, they are survivable if you know what to do should you find yourself caught up in one.
Rip tides cause more deaths each year than hurricanes, tornadoes, and lightning strikes combined. The powerful part of rip tides is close to the surface. The danger with getting caught in rip currents is being pulled out to sea. Many people who drown in a rip tide do so because they panic and don’t know how to escape it. It’s important to know what to do if you or a family member encounters a rip current.
Rip currents form when waves break near the shoreline, piling up water between the breaking waves at the beach. One of the ways this water returns to sea is to form a narrow jet of water that moves swiftly offshore, roughly perpendicular to the shoreline. Under most tide and sea conditions the speeds are relatively slow, however when wave, tide and beach conditions align, the speeds can quickly increase and become dangerous to anyone, including experienced swimmers.
Rip currents are often not readily or easily identifiable to the average person so watch for these aforementioned clues. If you are concerned about the possibility of rip currents, ask a lifeguard before entering the water.
If you see someone in trouble, don’t become a victim yourself. Many people drown each summer while trying to save someone else from a rip current.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.063318
Retrieved Text: informal Is always very talkative. Primarily heard in Australia. Good luck getting a word in if you invite Carrie—that girl could talk under water!
If you say that someone can talk under water, you mean that they talk a lot. My friends tell me that I can talk under water. What they didn't know was that she can also talk under water with a mouth full of marbles.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.053409
Retrieved Text: The best way to avoid heat-related illnesses like heat cramps, heat exhaustion and heat stroke is to stay properly hydrated and the easiest way to check that is by the color of your urine. Here’s a handy chart.
Anything below the red line means you need to drink more water. DO NOT drink alcohol, coffee, soft drinks or anything that contains caffeine. Those beverages will actually dehydrate you more.
It’s also a good idea to be familiar with the symptoms and what to do if you or someone else becomes ill. Here’s some useful information from the American Red Cross.
Heat-Related Illness—Do You Know What to Do?
Heat-related illnesses, such as heat exhaustion and heat stroke, can be problems for people enjoying outdoor activities or working outside in the hot summer months. Those most susceptible to heat related illnesses are children, the elderly, and people working or exercising in a hot environment. A heat-related illness occurs when the body is not able to regulate and control its temperature. As the air temperature rises, your body stays cool by letting heat escape through the skin and by evaporating sweat (perspiration). On hot, humid days, the evaporation of sweat is slowed by the increased moisture in the air. When the body isn’t cooled properly, your body temperature rises, and you may become ill. If left untreated, a heat-related illness can lead to serious complications, even death. However, most heat-related illnesses can be prevented.
Heat cramps are the least severe and often are the first signals that the body is having trouble with the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.037372
Retrieved Text: “Blood is thicker than water.” Well, what about revenge?
When Alice and Edward return to her hometown for a vacation, they find a rude homecoming. The case of Alice’s missing sister comes to light after more than a decade, now with more questions than leads.
As Alice works with two detectives to find the answers to all these new questions, someone else is working to find her. Caught in a struggle between her disdain for her sister and the desire to find answers, Alice finds herself struggling for something else—her life.
How does someone who is assumed dead come back to life? And how far will this person go to get revenge?
If you enjoy crime thrillers, then Crime: Revenge is Thicker than Water is for you!

================



======= Instance Index 7566 =========
Input Text: When will this summer end?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- fall
- stand
- nice
- winter
- cold

Target Text: winter

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.060043
Retrieved Text: We are coming to the end of the summer garden season and this is the week we will be making our End of Season Soup. Several friends have been asking me lately when are you making the soup, I don't know for sure but I think they will just be dropping by about dinner time on the soup day. When we make the End of Season Soup it's like a celebration of a great summer season that is coming to an end. Lets get started on this meal plan so we can know exactly which day all of this is happening.
It was so much fun having you in the kitchen with us today and thanks so much for stopping by today. Hope you have a fantastic week and come back to see us real soon!
I bet your end of season soup is a real treat Miz Helen! I would like to try the blueberry sausage bake too, sounds really good!
I've pinned this to my Menu Planning board on Pinterest, Miz Helen. It looks like you are going to have a very busy, but very delicious, week. Love the idea of your end of season soup - what a fun way to celebrate the end of summer. Have a lovely week, and thank you for being a part of our Hearth and Soul Hop.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 13.925386
Retrieved Text: Summer is almost a wrap and everyone is sad to see it go – but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t throw it a goodbye party! As the last few days of summer will soon be here, now is the perfect time to throw an end of summer BBQ for your friends and family. Check out this simple list of BBQ tips and summer BBQ party ideas and get ready to get the gang together for one last summer shindig. As an added bonus, you’ll get Cash Back at Ebates with your purchase at any of the mentioned stores. Happy party planning!
Your final summer BBQ is a great time to feature everyone’s favorite summer BBQ food. Grilled shrimp, lobster, chicken and burgers are all premium choices. Make sure you don’t forget about those summer BBQ side dishes that you’ll miss the rest of the year, too! Veggie skewers, portobello burger bites, grilled corn, watermelon and a classic coleslaw will round out the meal. This is no time to skimp on your summer favorites! Throw a checkered tablecloth on those tables and live up the summer fun for one more day with a summer BBQ menu before fall officially arrives. Looking for fun summer BBQ ideas? Consider doing a BBQ sauce tasting! Cost Plus World Market has a great selection of sauces available online for your summer BBQ along with a ton of other great supplies to make your BBQ ideas come to life.
Depending on your region, the end of the summer can mean cooler days and even

########
Rank: 2
Score: 13.892371
Retrieved Text: There will be lighter evenings from this Sunday, as we adjust the clocks forward by one hour to welcome the start of summer time in Gozo and Malta.
Winter time officially ends at 2.00am this Sunday morning, the 31st of March, when clocks are adjusted forward by one hour.
The last Sunday of October at 3.00am will mark the end of summer time, which this year falls on the 27th of October.
Earlier this week MEPs voted to end the practice of adjusting clocks by an hour in spring and autumn from 2021, however they voted to postpone the date from 2019 to 2021.
The European Parliament backing of the proposal to end the switch between summer and winter time in 2021, means that EU countries which decide to keep their summer time should make their final clock change on the last Sunday in March 2021.
Those that prefer to keep their standard (winter) time, can adjust their clocks for the final time on the last Sunday in October 2021.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.854567
Retrieved Text: Why should we report summer enrollment?
Ensure that the Clearinghouse maintains a complete enrollment history for your students.
Avoid manually completing summer deferment forms.
When should summer reports be submitted?
You should time your summer reports to match the term start and end dates that you use now for summer deferments. If you have multiple deferment end dates, then you may need to provide multiple summer data submissions to the Clearinghouse.
One Summer Session: The term begin date is the first day of classes. The term end date is the last day of classes or final exams. We recommend one summer report after add/drop and again at the end of the summer session. You can submit more often if you like, every 30-45 days. Your final summer file can include students who graduated.
Multiple Summer Sessions: The school schedules multiple summer reports, at least two for each summer session. We recommend sending right after add/drop and again at the end of each term during the summer period. Your final summer file for each term can include students who graduated.
Which students should I include in summer reporting?
Students who are enrolled (e.g., full-time, half-time, etc.) according to your institution’s definitions for summer enrollment.
Students who graduated or officially withdrew at the end of the previous semester and are not attending the summer term can also be included.
Students who are reported as less-than-half-time at the beginning of the term. These students will be captured in order to complete their enrollment history and perform enrollment verifications. They will not, however, be reported to lenders until the beginning

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.849872
Retrieved Text: Family Vacation Quotes "When it comes to the summer months most people start to think about where they will be going on vacation. This is the time of year when most individuals take time off of work because the kids are out of school.
Gone are my summer vacations and it’s sad that I’m soon going back to work. But I am not really complaining because I have done so many amazing things and met a lot of interesting people during my summer vacation. The end of summer also means end of vacation and along with these are the end of parties and celebrations.
Jul 03, 2018 · THE HAVES AND THE HAVE NOTS..the genesis of many a tome. Here, it is a summer enclave on Long Island Sound, where the wealthy come to their summer mansions, their country club, their parties.
Beach SayingsBeach QuotesEnd Of Summer QuotesTruth QuotesSign Quotes Book. End Of Summer Vacation Quote | Quote Number 681068 | Picture Quotes.
Quotes for your Instagram captions. are looking for an Instagram caption or are just trying to settle a bad case of wanderlust, here are 52 quotes on summer:.
Feb 2, 2018. Ah, vacations. Who else could use one right about now? Yeah, me too. There's something to be said about the joys of putting work on hold and.
Nov 16, 2017. with a cool drink in hand. Capture that moment with these summer quotes. A beach is the ultimate destination of most vacations. Whether it is a. Eternity begins and ends with the ocean's tides. Unknown. best beach.
Jul 23,

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.802758
Retrieved Text: Whether you are graduating from the University of Nottingham or just packing up ready to depart for the summer we have put together some key messages to help you ensure that this end of summer term is a good one.
Keep Calm and be a good neighbour- we know that the end of the academic year will be a time of celebration, all we ask is that you keep calm as you celebrate and remember that wherever you are you are still an ambassador for the university. The end of summer term can cause worry for residents who rely on getting a full night’s sleep, you can help us to allay these fears by keeping noise to a reasonable level.
Lock Up- over 50% of burglaries in student areas occur through an open door or window and this continues to be a risk at empty properties throughout the summer if they aren’t secured properly. Please help to keep burglary figures in Nottingham down by locking all doors and windows when you leave for the summer.
That’s all from us- have an excellent Summer!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.7607355
Retrieved Text: Jack Wilshere is expected to be part of the England squad at this summer’s World Cup… but he could be heading to Russia without a club.
Wilshere, 26, has been offered a new contract by his club Arsenal with his current deal expiring at the end of the season, though he has not yet put pen to paper.
And it has been revealed Arsenal will NOT be offering him improved terms, leading to suggestions Wilshere will let his contract expire and become a free agent.
He is just one of many stars who will be out of contract at the end of 2017/18, but who else will be a free agent?
Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) – click the right arrow to see the other players who will be free agents this summer – Wilshere has, if reports are to be believed, already been offered a new contract, though the incentive-based deal means he is in line for a cut to his base pay. There have been no indications the England midfielder is ready to accept such a reduction, though he has openly admitted he wants to stay with the Gunners. Should he refuse to put pen to paper on a new deal, Liverpool are reportedly ready to swoop in and sign Wilshere on a free transfer.
Stefan de Vrij (Lazio) – Lazio sporting director, Igli Tare, has confirmed Stefan de Vrij will leave the Serie A club this summer when his contract expires. Though Lazio have been hoping to extend his deal for a number of months, no deal has ever been

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.685611
Retrieved Text: dates of the public schools in the Des Moines Metro area.
D. The beginning date of the summer term shall be the Monday immediately following commencement. The Ending date of the summer term shall be the Sunday immediately before the opening day of classes in the fall (either the University classes or Law School classes, which ever is earlier).
The Faculty Senate will set an opening fall semester date when the academic calendar is created four full years in advance. The Faculty Senate will give final approval to the calendar 1.5 years in advance of the fall semester. The Law faculty will approve an opening fall semester date before the Faculty Senate final approval vote to ensure that a summer ending date is established.
This motion strives to present a clear and consistent calendar while maximizing the month of August for classes. Being able to identify three distinct semesters at Drake (fall, spring, summer) will allow for continued flexibility in program offerings while satisfying the Department of Education mandate that semester dates for a student or courses cannot overlap. Expanding the dates of the summer semester will allow departments to program their summer course offerings in creative and flexible ways, with college and school approval.
This would begin with the Summer 2008 term.
Then Summer 2008 would end August 24.
Fall 2009 Fall opening date is Monday, August 24th.
so their opening date is known and the Summer semester end can be determined.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.68396
Retrieved Text: When I'm in Boston I will be working with one of my professors or tinkering away at the Imagineering Lab or exploring. And when I'm at home, who knows what I'll be doing.
But this summer will be a good summer. Shall I make goals like I did last summer? No, I don't think I will this year. I kind of want to just wing it this summer. When I'm working on my Professor's project, I want to be really focused, and make it as much of a learning experience as possible. And when I'm not working on my Professor's project, I want to be having fun! I want to also make things!
Yesterday, I was in Boston very briefly. I was sitting on a bench on Bay State Road, in the middle of the Boston University Campus, minutes away from any location on campus. And it felt great. The weather was great. The view was great. Here's to a great summer! I'll report back at the end of it, maybe.
When I looked up yesterday, I saw this: a canopy of leaves with sunlight poking through! I'm such a natural light person!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.586373
Retrieved Text: The end of the school year can be a bit overwhelming. Make a list (or many lists) to keep your priorities straight. Focus on doing what really matters first and the rest will fall into place.
2. Focus on what really matters.
Are you looking at your curriculum that’s left for the remainder of the year and feeling overwhelmed? If you’re left with too much material and not enough time, be strategic with what you choose to include in your lesson plans. It may be best to take the time to go over everything that is left and prioritize what is most important to cover. Focus on those items to start.
3. Be intentional in everything you do.
Sometimes when you see the light at the end of the tunnel and get excited about the anticipation of summer, it’s easy to coast through the end of the school year. Instead of hitting the autopilot button, make the last weeks, days, hours and minutes count. Setting goals is a great way to stay on track and stay motivated. Work with your teaching team or even your students to set goals to hit by the end of the year and work towards them together!
4. Take some time to get organized.
As you near the end of the school year, you may be looking around your well lived-in room and feel overwhelmed. That feeling will only be amplified if it’s left like that! Make games out of organizing with your students and tackle one small project every day. You’ll have plenty to do this

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.557236
Retrieved Text: In this hot summer, Rsgoldfast Summer Party is coming soon. During this time, we will provide cheap rs gold with 3% extra gold or 5% off cash for you to enjoy the summer time.
When will Rsgoldfast Summer Party Start?
Rsgoldfast Summer Party start from July 7 and end on August 31.
You can enjoy 3% extra gold or 5% off cash.
3% extra gold: You can receive 3% extra gold no matther how much you buy by putting the code: "SP3EG", which means there is no limited amount during the activity. For example, when you buy 50M rs 3 gold, you will get extra 1.5M rs 3 gold for free.
5% off cash: You can receive 5% off cash when you buy rs gold over $50 ($50 included) by putting the code: "RSSP5". For example, when you buy rs gold over $50, it will save you $2.5. The more you buy, the more you save.
What's more, if you have any question for the activity, you can ask for help from 24*7 live chat or Facebook.
Save the day now! Don't let it flip!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.51061
Retrieved Text: The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) just gave thousands of disabled people an outrageous ‘gift’ for summer. Speaking during a parliamentary debate, work and pensions secretary Esther McVey revealed that numerous claimants will have to wait until the end of the summer to get the money due to them.
The Conservative government made changes to Personal Independence Payments (PIP) in 2017. These alterations limited the amount of financial support it gave to people with mental health conditions. However, a high court ruled in December that year that these changes were “blatantly discriminate” against people with such conditions. It also ruled that the changes breached people’s human rights.
The government has since begun a review of its 1.6m PIP claims to identify from whom it wrongly withheld support. It expects up to 220,000 people to get more help as a result. But, as the Mirror reports, in the debate McVey addressed when the DWP might get this support to the relevant people.
There’s still no – six months later – confirmed timetable for when that High Court judgement will be implemented in full, and back payments will be made to those people affected.
We have been making new guidance… consulting with stakeholders on… how to work through that… The first payments will begin at the end of the summer.
The changes in question affected people who experience “overwhelming psychological stress” when travelling alone. Despite a tribunal saying these people should qualify for the advanced mobility rate of PIP in 2016, the government denied it to them. The high court decision forced

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.497794
Retrieved Text: Students who could not earn the required minimum credits at the end of the second or fourth semester have two options to continue with the studies. They may register again for the courses, when they are offered in the next academic year. However, there is also a provision to run summer courses in failed courses for these students who may register and attend the course and write the final examination. This provision is only for students who have got 45% or more in the internal evaluation for the courses they attended in the regular semester.
Students should have 75% attendance in the summer course to write the examination.
For the final grading their internal evaluation marks obtained in the regular semester in which they had undergone the course shall be applicable. Summer courses are to be conducted for a minimum of 20 contact hours for each course. Summer courses are to be offered only at the end of the second and fourth semesters for the courses covered till that semester. They will be conducted either by all colleges or only by some, depending on the number of students registering for them. Details of summer courses planned will be announced by the colleges after the declaration of the even semester results. Final examination for summer courses will be conducted by the University. Based on the availability of faculty and the number of students opting for courses, it will be the prerogative of the colleges to decide on the summer courses to be offered.
has 50% or more attendance in the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.485991
Retrieved Text: This is a song about.
(Cool summer yeah cool summer).
May it never end, may it never end.
(Feeling goes on, cool summer, feeling goes on, feeling goes on).
This is a summer of love and the love will go.
I'm not gonna stop, no.
I don't wanna stop, no.
I'm not gonna stop, no .
(Come on, the beat don't stop 'til the break of dawn).
And this feeling goes on and on and on and on and on.
And my loving goes on and on and on and on and on.
(Come on, come on, come on, come on).
Sun is beaming as I'm thinking about you.
Never will you stop this love that you feel.
And I'll do the same with you everyday.
I will always be right here by your side.
I don't want nobody else.
As I'm dreaming about you.
So believe me when I tell ya.
Never will I stop this love that I feel.
And you do the same each and everyday.
And my loving goes on and on and on and on and on. Feel it.
Damn this is a long song.
Feeling goes on and on and on and on and on.
Ecrit par Janet Jackson, James Harris III & Terry Lewis.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.483935
Retrieved Text: Is it Summer, is it Spring... who knows sometimes. But we hope that the above dates will help you out. We have the start and end dates for all seasons, Summer, Spring, Autumn and Winter. Want to go to a hot country and enjoy the sunshine, when is summer coming? I like ski-ing and I want to know when is wonter coming? The next season starts and ends. All the season dates above are the same every year, so these season dates all apply to this year 2019, 2020, 2021 and every year after When is spring, when does it get sunny?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.40829
Retrieved Text: It’s summer and for whatever reason, readership tends to go down in the summer. People are busy with vacations and vacation planning. After work hours and weekends are dedicated to family and outdoor fun. That’s the way it should be.
I do have some specific essays that I want to write this summer but I intend to be a little less regular until the end of August when I will return to my weekly publishing schedule. I may also post one or two essays this summer that are not directly related to my normal subject matter. Call it summer recreational thinking/writing. Watch for those and let me know what you think about them.
There are a couple of big changes coming up for me this fall that I will write about later. I think you will find those changes very interesting. The next few years are going to be an exciting time for those of us in the pharmaceutical and track & trace businesses. Stay tuned to RxTrace for more ideas, perspectives and analysis–no matter what happens in the end.
In the mean time, enjoy your summer while you can. I am!
Dirk – Have a great summer!
Continued good luck with the blog.
Good call! That photo is from a 2007 vacation to Grand Cayman Island where I took a number of work calls, but this particular photo was a setup shot. I particularly like the reflection of the beautiful blue-green ocean in the window. The actual calls I made while we were there were made via Skype, of course.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.400906
Retrieved Text: My kids just got back from camp. They’re all revved up — spiritually speaking! They don’t want the mountain-top experience to end. I don’t want it to end either.
For many churches, there are great amounts of energy and resources poured into camp and VBS events. While this is great, many churches don’t consider what happens in the remaining weeks of the summer.
Are you maintaining a steady flow from the end of the spring season into the fall? As a kid’s pastor, I often treated summer ministry like the school system treats education; I would end the school year with a bang and hope that everyone showed up again in the fall when we got back to “normal.” If you remember, back when summer was actually three months long, it was somewhat difficult to get back into the rhythm of school after the long break.
Don’t let the energy drop during summer. Consider a weekly get-together with your kids. How about doing a mid-summer event? My church, in Franklin, Tennessee, is taking the energy from camp and continuing it well into summer. They’re using a great product LifeWay created this year called Zip for Kids.
It’s a customizable event with some of the best qualities of VBS, as well as some great aspects from camp. (tracks) We partnered with Dude Perfect to produce the Bible Stories and Jeffrey B. Scott and other great song-writers to create the music.
Fill that summer “space” with something great!
Jeffrey Reed serves as the Director of Kids Ministry for LifeWay. He came to LifeWay with

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.389643
Retrieved Text: As I’m sitting here, my body is under the impression I’m heading back to kids dangling on my arms, cleaning coffee cups littering the intern office and belting “Oceans” at worship. My mind is under the impression I’ll be putting God’s love into my actions each and every day. How do I continue this mentality when my body is heading south to Madison, and my fellow interns are traveling away?
The end is by far the hardest part of the summer internship. It’s hard to head into an atmosphere where God is not apparent in every action and word. However, he is. The hard part is finding him.
I know one of the greatest lessons I’ll take away from this summer is the expansive presence of God. His arms stretch beyond the church and interactions inside of it. I believe and understand this. But the trouble is finding God in the less obvious, such as a lecture hall or in an extra-curricular. These are the challenges I know will surface during my first couple weeks back, away from my summer home.
The predicament is evident, but I intend to face it baring my miniature prayer box. I have been inspired by my mentor Jen, who gifted me the little box in hopes of motivating my prayer life. When times get rough, I know to lift it up. Prayer is a relationship, and “relationship” is a word I have come to understand the importance of this summer.
When I’m misguided and searching for the light, I now know to look for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.387737
Retrieved Text: Registration for our annual Quality Performance Assessment Summer Institute 2017 is now open!
QPA Summer Institute promotes educational equity through performance assessment, helping educators to rethink performance tasks through a culturally responsive lens and create assessment systems that drive deeper learning for all students.
This 30-minute online info session is a wonderful opportunity to learn more about CCE's Quality Performance Assessment (QPA) program and our upcoming QPA Summer Institute. During this info session, we will provide an overview of QPA Summer Institute and what you can expect to experience and learn during the four-day workshop. There will be a Q&A portion at the end when you will be able to submit questions which will be answered live.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.326151
Retrieved Text: Planning for summer activities is one of the most challenging decisions that you have to make as a parent. There are plenty of summer programs these days. When choosing for kindergarten summer camp ideas, remember that aside from the fact that they are learning, they should also enjoy and have fun.
One of the best ways to achieve this is to enroll your kids in summer camp. When you are from Gulfport, MS, the Kids Club Academy is offering summer programs for kids of all ages. They have preschools that they will be turning into summer camp. So why send kids to summer camp? Here’s why.
As a parent, you know that kids are looking forward to summer. But when you have a kindergarten or a toddler and you still have work during summer, you sometimes end up leaving them with childcare. They watch TV shows all day or play with their gadgets. If you do this, your kids are not learning.
Remember that with kids this age, learning should be constant. This is the reason why the best option that you have is to enroll them in summer camp. They learn, enjoy, and engage with kids their age at summer camp. They get to play and participate in different activities that are specifically prepared for them.
What Do Kids Learn In Summer Programs?
For the summer program at Kids Club Academy, the kids get to learn the same lessons as the standard school year. Bu this time, they will have more time to spend with their new friends. They will

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.286207
Retrieved Text: Pioneer Day is right around the corner, which means it’s time for our first ever Summer Splash Party! Summer Splash Party is a fun, family event full of games, bounce houses entertainment, food, and shopping. We will culminate the event with a concert featuring James the Mormon and a fireworks show. Celebrate summer with us at Ivory Ridge on July 24.
When: July 24, 2018, from 4-10 p.m. Concert begins at 8 p.m.
*Other activites end when the concert begins at 8 p.m.
To be mindful of our water supply, we are replacing our Foam Day with a this new event. Keep an eye out next year for Foam Day earlier in the summer season.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.264819
Retrieved Text: The coming of winter usually means having to drive on roads that are not in the best of conditions. Many people get the feeling that it is pointless to drive in winter since there is always the risk of getting into trouble with your car. The snow covering on the roads most of the time makes them slippery, hence anyone driving on them may end up losing control of their vehicle and being involved in an accident. But if you have winter tires, you won’t have to go through that. The tires have qualities that enable the work well even on the cold and slippery roads, which makes it safer for the driver. Here are best 5 reasons why you need to get these tires for your car.
With the road being slippery, you need tires that are better able to grip the road. Snow tires have additional treads inside the usual threads. The treads provides a firm grip to enable the car to accelerate and even slow down normally even on slippery ground.
Tires designed for use in summer require stable and dry roads. Using them in winter will not only be dangerous for you but also costlier as well. They will be worn out easily as a result of the slippery road contention, meaning that you will have to replace them before long. You should, therefore, preserve your summer tires by replacing them with the winter variety during this season. When winter is over, all you need to do is simply switch back to your summer

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.258106
Retrieved Text: The school supply lists for the 2013-2014 school year are attached to this post. Click on "Summer News 2014" above to see this full post. The attached files will be listed at the bottom.
We are getting ready for the third year of The Summer 6 Reading Challenge! Superintendent Denise Juneau and Montana’s First Lady, Lisa Bullock encourage all Montana students to sign-up to read six books this summer.
When children don't read during the summer, they risk falling behind. The good news is if your kids read just six books they can prevent the summer slide. The books don't have to be like homework-kids can read just for fun.
Register for The Summer 6 Reading Challenge to Win Prizes!
Students who sign up for the Challenge are eligible to put their name in for monthly prize drawings. Last year 2,000 Montana students took the challenge! Drawings will be held in June, July and August. Winners will be notified by mail. The Challenge will start on June 1 and end August 31, 2014.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.253828
Retrieved Text: ST. LOUIS —It's an ice cream truck without any ice cream. Don't scream, it is in St. Louis displaying a message about a chilling problem in America, hunger. For millions of children, the end of the school year marks the beginning of the hungry season when millions of children lose access to free and reduced price school meals. They are using a one of a kind ice cream truck to journey across the country and shine a light on this issue and encourage families to join the fight against hunger.
The ice cream truck, painted with stats and messaging about hunger in the summer will be used as a 'mobile billboard' traveling coast to coast to raise awareness of this issue. The truck will be visiting five area food banks on its journey to showcase the hard work being done to help end hunger. The journey will end in Los Angeles at a summer meals program site.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.2335205
Retrieved Text: Tonight my first born is graduating from high school! Wow!
And then next week is the last day of school for my younger kids! Woo Hoo!
You know me ~ I can’t let the last days of school go by without “marking the moment”!
How will we celebrate the end of our school year?
The girls have a 1/2 day of school on Friday, and then each kid is inviting another friend over for the afternoon. (The nice thing about having 4 kids is that it’s always easy to have a party ~ everyone invites a friend ~ suddenly my table is filled with 8! Yay!).
Last year I greeted the kids with a banner when they got home, but “End of School Year” leis are a fun idea too!
Summer is here, School is done. Go to the pool and have some fun! When your splashing with your friends and all, take along this prize and have “a ball“.
As you know, it wouldn’t be a party without BINGO. You can make your own Summer Fun BINGO cards here.
We’‘ll probably play lots of our favorite summer games!
And it’s always fun to start thinking about a summer wish list.
For more “End of School Year” Celebration activiities, Tip Junkie has a ton of fun ideas!
What about for you?? How do you celebrate the End of the School Year?? Do you have a tradition or family fun idea to mark this day?? I’d love to hear from you!!!
P.S. For more Works for Me Wednesday tips, head on over to visit Kristen at We are that

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.231354
Retrieved Text: Click "Allow" to play Summer Soakers! Click "Always allow" to play Summer Soakers!
What can be better on a hot summer day than spending time with your best friends, doing incredible stuff together and getting all wet? In Summer Soakers game, Phineas and Ferb decided that they should not wait any longer and start a water balloons fight and splash each other to have fun and to forget a little bit about the hot days of summer. If you want to do the same thing, you can just join them in this fun summer game! All you need is a bunch of good friends, a lot of water, balloons and the willingness to have fun.
Phineas and Ferb decided to separate each other in teams so they can have more fun and be competitive. Choose the member of the team you want to take part in and then start playing. Right after you choose the character you want to play with, select the level you want to play at. Either you can splash your opponent, or you can defend your own team.
If you decide to splash, be careful. You will have a weapon which you can use for splashing, but it can turn on you if you do not know how to control it. Be careful at the clock when you start to splash because you only have a few seconds to position the weapon in such a way to hit the opponent and make him soaking wet.
If you decide to defend yourself and the team, pick up

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.229658
Retrieved Text: How adorable is this little lady? Cast your vote for Summer Fun Photo Contestant #3 by hitting the Facebook Like Button below!!
Adorable little one! Want to vote for Aire? Cast your vote for Summer Fun Photo Contestant #2 by hitting the Facebook Like Button below!!
What a cute addition to our AOA Family! Cast your vote for Summer Fun Photo Contestant #1 by hitting the Facebook Like Button below!!
“I think I will be spending sometime by the pool with my family…..” from Susanna Dominguez.
It’s time that we upgraded our Facebook Cover Photo, and we need your help! We love our AOA Family, show it’s time that we featured YOU! We’ve run contests in the past with great success, but this time the prize is not just a fancy $150 Target Gift Card, it’s the chance to be featured in our Facebook Cover Photo for thousands to see! Help represent how beautifully diverse and fun our AOA Family is!
Summer Fun Photos! We want family photos of you and your little ones in the summer sun. What do you do during a hot Arizona summer? Are you by the pool? BBQing? Camping? Going to the lake? Are you pregnant and just relaxing in the cool waters of the lazy river? Send us your Summer Fun Family Photos!
How Do I Get My Awesome Photo To You? It’s easy, go to our AOA Facebook Page by clicking this link: AOA FACEBOOK. On the right-hand-side you’ll see a small box labeled MESSAGE. Click on that box and attach your Summer Fun Photo.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.205639
Retrieved Text: All pupils, families and loved ones are invited to our end of term get together: Summer Ball and Summer Voices. We are going to have an evening packed with lots to see and do.The evening will run from 5.00pm-8.30pm.
5.00pm-6.00pm- Exam Presentation. Certificates will be given out to pupils who took exams on 28th & 29th May. Studio one.
6.00pm-6.30pm-Time to parade on the red carpet! All pupils who have chosen to put on their Summer Ball dress, suit or whatever they have chosen to wear. A short interview with the host followed by a short break to allow the votes to be counted. (Everyone who attends this event will have an opportunity to vote for their chosen LJSI summer Prince and Princess. One vote per person. ) Studio one.
NK Photo Booth will be available at this event as an independent photography service.
7.30pm-The LJSI Princess and Prince will be announced and crowned in full glory.
5.00pm-8.30pm- There will be a barbecue for people to purchase a burger or whatever may be sizzling on the grill! You may also purchase snacks, sweets and soft drinks.
There will be a bouncy castle or slide during the day, free of charge. Times TBC. Care must be taken when enjoying the inflatable and parents must supervise their child/children at all times.
This event is our end of term get together and we hope people enjoy the evening.
Any pupil wishing to participate in the Summer Ball Parade or Summer Voices, please see a member of staff to make the necessary arrangements.
Thank you and we hope to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.18496
Retrieved Text: There are really two very exciting times for college freshmen. The beginning of the semester when they are anxious about going off to college and the end of the freshman year. Usually the start of college gets a lot more attention than the end of the freshman year. This article shares 3 items to include in a college freshman summer plan. Once students put that freshman year behind them, they join the ranks of “rising sophomores.” These rising sophomores should make summer plans that include summer classes, summer jobs, summer travel or all of the above.
It really does not matter what type of job you add to your freshman summer plans. HBCU students who are rising sophomores may need to work to save spending money for the sophomore year. Even if earning summer funds is not a priority, college freshman should be using a summer job to build a resume with new work skills. This will help the college freshman be more competitive when they seek summer internships later.
Summer plans for official study abroad opportunities with a college or university are probably limited for college freshmen. However, if you start planning early, there are other opportunities for rising sophomores to travel and explore. Depending on your interests, summer plans could include the opportunity to go “WOOFF-ing”. The World Wide Opporunties for Organic Farming offers opportunities for those who want to work on an organic farm in exchange for room and board. Opportunities can be a car ride, train ride or plane ride away.
As the cost of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.170568
Retrieved Text: Current students at Nation Ford High School may take courses through Virtual SC under the following guidelines. Approval from their counselor is REQUIRED.
1.) Credit Recovery - students who fail a course at Nation Ford may take the credit recovery course, if available, to earn the credit. This will NOT change the grade earned on the failed attempt. The earned grade will remain on the transcript and in the GPA, but the credit will be awarded upon successful completion of the credit recovery course.
2.) Initial Credit - Students may take Physical Education, Integrated Business Applications, and any courses NOT offered at Nation Ford. Students are not permitted to take courses that are offered at Nation Ford, even during the summer, unless given special permission from administration due to extenuating circumstances. Please contact your counselor first to discuss any extenuating circumstances you might have.
1.) How do I sign-up for a Virtual SC class?
2.) When does registration open?
3.) When do Summer classes start/end?
Summer session initial credit courses begin June 6th and will end August 2nd. Credit Recovery courses will begin the Monday after successful registration and the last day to complete the course is August 2nd (some students will finish before this date).
4.) How many credits can I earn on Virtual SC?
Students are allowed to earn up to 6 credits through Virtual SC throughout their entire high school career.

================



======= Instance Index 6873 =========
Input Text: What is writing a form of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- communication
- listening
- carpal tunnel syndrome
- revolutions
- writer's cramp

Target Text: communication

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.416428
Retrieved Text: Coursework is kind of a paper that shows student’s academic abilities. It offers a good chance for students who might not perform their best of their capabilities during an exam. That’s why coursework writing can be as challenging as exams, though you have more time to deal with it. Solid coursework requires planning, research, and writing skills. Our custom coursework writing service offers some tips on planning, and producing and proofreading the perfect coursework.
Sometimes, coursework can assume a form of an extended essay. Put great emphasis on making independent research into the topic. Coursework should take a form of investigation in this way. Your goal is to explore, analyze, and investigate. But if you can’t do it properly, get help from our custom coursework writing service.
If you need to write coursework in English, it may be in a form of an extended essay. The most popular task of this form is to compare two texts. But if comparison is not your strong skill, you may leave it to our custom coursework writing service.
If you get a task to write coursework in geography, you should gather data, report and analyze it to explore a particular geographical phenomena. For those who are not good at geography, we suggest to use help of the best coursework writing service.
Plagiarism is risky because of the huge amount of available information on the Web. You should make sure that the whole paper is written in your own voice.
Demonstrate that your work is original. If you can’t do that, order a paper from

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.356224
Retrieved Text: I’ve been writing ghazals. Well, one ghazal. Pretty pleased with the results and eager to continue exploring the form. What I like about writing in forms is that by focusing on meeting the requirements of the form, my creative brain works in the background. My logical brain stays busy with the structure and finding rhymes.
You probably know that I usually write prose, not poetry. What I find I like about writing poetry is that I’m not as attached to it, not in the same way I am to my prose. I feel more open to critique, and willing to “kill my darlings.” I can focus on image, language, rhythm, and sound. It’s more abstract.
If you’re writing on your own, try writing in a form. Try a ghazal. Check to this post on ghazals at Tweetspeak which includes some great examples.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.158026
Retrieved Text: Very few people can avoid writing on a daily basis. Of course, some people really enjoy writing, others do it out of necessity. Writing, essentially, involves placing a series of words together to convey a certain message or meaning. To write in its basic form is not a difficult task. Some people are natural writers, others find it a lot harder and have to work at the process in order to convey what they are trying to say. Writing is normally done by an individual.
For certain individuals, writing their feelings down is a choice form of self-expression. The mere process of keeping a written record of one's daily trials and tribulations, in the form of a personal journal or blog (in electronic form) has a healing effect. Blogging is now big, in our electronically-driven society. Some people write for a living such as journalists, advertising and commercial copywriters and ghostwriters for publishing houses, as well as novelists. Careers in writing range from producing page-turning style pulp fiction to works of great literary significance. The bottom line is that writing as a career can be lucrative for those with talent, as well as those in the right place, at the right time.
Not everyone finds writing easy. Generally speaking, practice makes perfect, so keep trying and your writing style is likely to improve. Writing requires the use of your brain and as such the brain must be trained to produce written work.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.114117
Retrieved Text: And picked up each type, but its inexorable rise could be considered as the plot. Here's a list of creativity are they are made all of william wordsworth's famous definition of us use images in a sense, from each. We talked about the most general term used to read a distinct aim, a total of logographies. Try some prompts from the most simple form of all about why one has sub-genres; in common speech. Language modules and phds in our writing skills and feelings, some of all kinds of creative writing as you will explore some way. Use images in a total of types and dramatic genres help students. Descriptive essays, usage and visual arts are epic, and poems, travel, one of prose poetry spring from a list of the department for stubs and. There are linked and what are poetry, fiction or modality of rules for themselves. Flash fiction or process of profanity varies, short list of all the best ways for fifth grade level expectations. Short stories, characters, a writer uses the big. This article considers the truest of these writing standards, descriptive. Each other forms of cn is confined largely both. Split the short stories, even have to have. Common school assignment, the literary work that sources were composed. And universities offer degree programs, essays, journalistic writing above at the writing, mfa creative writing nyc works. Effectively writing standards, including a person, this article. I practice technique is the types of purposes.
Thomas's no, characters, objects, a requirement; in history. A creative writing is

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.947302
Retrieved Text: Make a diary entry every night before bed when you can remember the days events.
Dairy writing is a personal form of writing that is very useful to the writer, recording happenings in his everyday life. Diary writing also helps the writer to keep track of all the major events that occurred in his lifetime. The writer is able to use diary writing as a form of self expression when he is unable, or unwilling, to share his feelings with others.
The quality of diary writing depends on the imagination, creativity and expression of the writer. There are no set guidelines and, since the diary is a personal record, diary writing is often in informal English. However, recording the time and date of entry is extremely useful when referring back to events in the past. Although diary writing is a personal habit it is very useful to be regular and systematic in penning your diary. A daily record is the most commonly used frequency as something happens every day and it makes good sense to record all events, big or small. The probability that something small today would become big in future is always high and it would help to be able to recall correctly an event that took place earlier.
With the advent of the Internet and its many advantages and conveniences, diary writing may undergo changes from writing in a diary to entering details into an electronic device. It may be worthwhile to keep diary writing to the traditional form and also back it up on to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.888939
Retrieved Text: There is writing. And then there is calligraphy. Calligraphy is to writing what marquetry is to carpentry. It is the act of applying a second level to the communication which writing accomplishes, for – regardless of form or font – a word on the page or manuscript has a specific meaning. Calligraphy enhances the actual letters which form a word by adding a visual element that both complements and reinforces the message. When written calligraphically, letters and words transcend their basic forms and become precious items.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.8672695
Retrieved Text: expanded form example millions inspirational math worksheets expanded form example millions new place value worksheets grade new expanded form worksheets expanded form worksheets third grade.
expanded notation worksheets math worksheets place value grade third grade math expanded form worksheets.
perfect grade math expanded form worksheets composition math place value worksheets grade third grade math expanded form worksheets.
common core math worksheet for grade free measurement word common core math worksheet for grade free measurement word problems telling time expanded form arrays and more standard expanded form workshe.
expanded form math expanded form grade common core math worksheets expanded form math expanded form grade common core math worksheets expanded form math worksheets for third grade math expanded form w.
place value worksheets grade expanded form worksheets second grade place value worksheets grade best tutoring printouts images on third grade math expanded form worksheets.
kids expanded form worksheets expanded form worksheets grade kids worksheets library and print on expanded form for grade writing decimals in worksheet education free printable expanded form worksheet.
decimals in expanded form worksheets standard reading and writing medium to large size of 5 a 3 expanded form worksheet activity reading and expanded form worksheets 3rd grade pdf.
what is expanded form in grade math image collections free expanded form worksheets grade free printable expanded form worksheets for third grade.
collection of third grade math expanded form worksheets download collection of third grade math expanded form worksheets download them and try to solve expanded form worksheets third grade.
expanded form math worksheets for grade worksheet and word 2 standard form expanded form word form worksheets

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.827812
Retrieved Text: An article is actually a variety of academic writing that’s primarily composed in 5 sentences. Essay the form of composition topics. You may discover every among the fundamental components of composition writing about ProfEssays. It’s great to get a good example of an article creating that you could use as a model whenever you’ve got an essay writing project. Your essay matter is truly a primary element of any form of article. Deciding upon the composition issue has to be done carefully. Deciding on the most suitable theme should be executed with attention as it’s the fundamental foundation of essays writer composition creating. Besides providing you with useful tips, we can additionally offer you any article you will need. The advent of an essay is really a sentence where the audience is informed what the article is all about, and exactly what form of info it’ll feature.
It must be written within this manner, the audience should instantly capture the very best political research essay topics thought. The author may concentrate on important facts within the law composition with a graphic organizer. The writer might then work on one portion of the essay previously, switching between evaluation and writing. May it be possible to enhance his authorship. Never try and engage in an absolutely free writing.
We at Romesh Dhamija Productions (RDP) are ‘Storytellers’ with our team of Photographers & Cinematographers traveling all over to capture Candid Moments and Cinematic Wedding films.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.751487
Retrieved Text: Along with watching dance and doing dance, reading is another great way to learn more about the art form.
Dance writing exists in various formats and for specific purposes. You can read about dance in many different places.
You can find dance writing by journalists, reviewers and critics in newspapers and magazines. Generally, these short, succinct articles promote upcoming performances, provide insight into an artist's work, discuss dance-related issues or topics, or review and critique performances.
Some common formats for this kind of dance writing include previews, reviews, profiles and journal entries.
Previews appear in newspapers and magazines in advance of a performance and usually provide the reader with a bit of information about the artist and the upcoming show.
Reviews are printed after the performance and discuss the actual presentation.
Profiles are short biographies or articles that focus on an artist's life and work.
Journal entries are usually more personal and often begin with the writer's emotional response to the dance.
In addition to ArtsAlive.ca, many dance organizations, companies and artists have their own websites where you can read more about their background and work in artistic statements and press kits.
In addition, online forums invite viewers to submit their own responses to performances for others to read. You can submit your own writing about dance to ArtsAlive.ca and read what others have written as well.
You can find dance writing by researchers, teachers, historians and archivists in books, specialty journals, catalogues and essays.
Usually, this kind of writing is longer and more in-depth than what you find in newspapers and magazines. It might document an

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.723101
Retrieved Text: If there was ever an inexpensive form of creative expression, it's writing. Time and imagination is all one needs to put their ideas into physical form. That and a lot of drive.
Writing isn't easy. It never has been. One of the most intimidating sights for a writer is a blank page or a waiting cursor on a computer screen. Writing that first word that leads to that first sentence that leads to that first paragraph can be equated to leaping out of a plane for the first time. It sounds crazy, but it's true.
When I started writing as a child I was fascinated with stage plays. Then I started writing short stories. Afterwards I spend many years focusing solely on screenplays, both short form and feature-length.
Over the past few years (yes, I said years) I have been co-writing a children's novel with my wife that we hope to have published soon. Oh, did I not mention the laborious, tedious, aggravating part of writing called "editing"? No? It blows. During this time, I have engaged in writing articles and columns for a couple of websites in fields of my interest, namely comic books and superhero films. One site is the now sadly defunct Comic Hero News and the other is the London-based What Culture. Links to my available work are below.
Feel free to check back for more articles and updated info on my upcoming book.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.706785
Retrieved Text: One of the most important habits you can acquire as a writer is writing every day. Come Fire, Fog or Fall*.
You must write daily to stay connected to your muse, your story and your writing fu.
That’s what I want to help you with.
Let’s just assume you want to write a fairly short novel of about 50,000 words. That’s not much, a lot of the epic fantasy stuff weighs in at over 100,000 words, easily. But let’s not overdo it.
Writing every day for half an hour (which is where we’ll end up with this class), and doing about 500 words in half an hour (which is slow, I do about 800), it will take you 100 days to write a novel. That’s a bit over 3 months.
Faster than you thought, huh? Shouldn’t it take a year to write a novel?
Not really. That’s what a daily writing habit does for you. Now imagine doing 30 minutes twice a day. That’ll give you your novel in less than 2 months!
That’s why I’m offering the 30 Days Daily Writing Habit Class.
Totally for free. And I will continue to offer it.
All you have to do is to fill in the form below, click the confirmation link you’ll get in an email, and you’re all set. Once you sign up, you’ll receive a daily email with a little writing nudge, and a tapping phrase or three.
That’s the EFT tapping I do with all my clients. Great stuff. I’ll also teach you how to do it.
Ready to start an entirely new chapter in

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.689349
Retrieved Text: Published at Monday, April 15th, 2019 - 04:12:46 AM. Funny Worksheets. By Peter Jakobsson.
Remember that with the so many worksheets available, choose one that is best suited for a certain lesson. Plan ahead what type of worksheet to use for a given day, depending on what you plan to teach. It is important to learn letter first. The children must need to know how to write letters in printable form. After that, they can be taught how to write cursive. Writing cursives is not as easy as writing letters in printable form.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.673365
Retrieved Text: This site is constantly being developed.
Please stop by again at a later date for the latest advancements.
"What does writing mean? We live in a world where writing increasingly signifies an ever expanding variety of meaning-making practices. Whereas the word itself (“writing”) might suggest a homogenous object, even as literacy is always about something besides a graphic use of language, so is writing always about something. We don’t just write; we write about something. As we modify “writing” with various adjectives, the implied homogeneity explodes with possibility depending on descriptions of place (school, workplace, civic, social, and bureaucratic settings), form(informal, formal, generic, elaborated, short-form), mode (linguistic, multi modal, visual), technology (interactive, distributed, synchronous or asynchronous), accessibility (private or public, archived) and audience (one writer addressing an individual or many known or unknown others)..."

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.619045
Retrieved Text: Do procrastinate and lack accountability?
Do you want more motivation, be happier, healthier, and wealthier?
I'm a top writer on Medium.com, writing about Learning, Productivity, Inspiration, Self Improvement, Productivity, Entrepreneurship, Life, Life Lessons, Startup, Photography, Travel, and more. My stories have inspired over a million people around the world.
Outside of writing, I'm a Serial Entrepreneur, Software Engineer, Photographer, and Constant Learner.
The idea is simple: every week you fill out a form detailing what your goals were for the week, what you did towards them, what went right, what went wrong, how can you improve, what your goals are for next week, and what you’re going to do towards them.
Danny then reviews the forms and gives some feedback by email.
And within each form, you’ll get his week as an example.
After subscribing, you’ll get an email from me explaining the process in details. You’ll get your first Accountability form the next Friday at 6pm Eastern Time.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.5885
Retrieved Text: Art has been has been implemented as a popular form of therapy since the early 1900s. It is also widely used as a form of therapy for recovering addicts and alcoholics in treatment centers. Art therapy encourages the individual to confront their issues through creative expression, a safe, indirect and fun way. Since it is indirect and expressive it has become a very popular form of therapy as opposed to the confrontation through dialog of conscious remembrance.
Art therapy is painting, writing creatively, drawing, making music, roll playing performances (usually catering to family dynamics), interpretive dance and any other form of creativity as an outlet for aggression, depression, complacently and any other mood debilitating disorder. Art therapy has been shown to help addicts or alcoholics in several ways throughout the recovery process.
People who suffer from addiction tend to run away from their feelings; it is understandably so that conventional therapy for a person in recovery is, in some cases, apprehended.
After engaging in art therapy a realization is brought to the attention to the person and the therapist when evaluating the final product. The realization is often unseen yet draws pieces together of the past and reasons why one feels the way they do since art can uncover the subconscious mind.
Creative writing helps calm ones head and focus on what they are writing. After the writing is finished it can be read to a group and/or their therapist. The writing can then be evaluated by looking for metaphors and analogies in the tones, themes, settings or what types

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.535268
Retrieved Text: Writing her lover’s “autobiography” proved a witty way for American author Gertrude Stein to detail her own life as Parisian writer, salon host and arts patron. Ostensibly, readers can take in the book, published in 1933, as Stein writing about Alice B. Toklas (which is what the title suggests) or as Toklas “writing” about Stein (which is what the book actually is). Either way, The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas was groundbreaking in its experimentation with form: an autobiography written by another person. Many modernist masters make an appearance in Stein’s tome — among them Picasso, Hemingway and Matisse — and their influence on Stein is recounted through vivid anecdotes. For example, Stein’s first major publication, Three Lives, was written under the “stimulus” of a Cézanne painting. Although it became the author’s best-selling book, The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas was mainly notable for its easier-to-read narrative style (a departure from Stein’s favored monologue form), making it a sort of Stein for Beginners.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.533045
Retrieved Text: Mastering the language. In the on-site class each week, students master all the most important principles of the English language — including grammar, usage, punctuation, and more.
Becoming a strong reader. In the online class, they are introduced to close reading of great literature and all the attendant skills. They also read essays of literary analysis that are models of the form.
This course serves as a precursor to our course Logical Communication.
employ with dictionary-precision a rich arsenal of English words.
Students in Foundations of Writing undergo a kind of boot-camp in English grammar, usage, and punctuation — intensive training that relies on our own proprietary methods and materials.
Each student receives our workbook The Writer's Guide to Grammar, shown at right. It includes exercises like our vocabulary series Workout With Words.
For the on-site classes in grammar, usage, punctuation, and vocabulary, the instructor provides our workbook and other proprietary materials.
Romeo & Juliet, by William Shakespeare.
Macbeth — an astonishingly condensed play from Shakespeare's mature period, in which he examines human conscience from a remarkably modern perspective.
In this intensive study of Shakespeare, students experience real insight — into the psychology of characters, into human nature, into life itself — and experience for themselves what great writing can achieve.
In the process, they learn important study skills, like close reading and annotation. Equally important, they learn to get beyond the literal meanings of words to the vast landscapes of meaning behind the words. They read essays representing the finest in literary analysis and see for themselves what it looks like to deliver great insights

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.51409
Retrieved Text: Jimoh Flahive June 27, 2017 Persuasive essays? A persuasive essay in support of view is a persuasive/argument essay writing persuasive essays. http://www.haismascheepsmotoren.nl/need-help-to-write-an-essay/ A persuasive essays. If you are satisfied with professional writers share must-know essay requires the form of writing. Look no further! Look no further! What is wrong, adorable rates. Claim 20% off your essay types. Essays? How to write an essay. This strategy guide on how to write a persuasive essay? What is an essay types. Com/Writing/Writing-Persuasive-Essays/ to write my essay done in 3 hours! Persuasive essays? A definition essay in every grade. Professional writing and article writing and provides high quality essays writing service 24/7. Ereadingworksheets. Ereadingworksheets. Professional writers. Claim 20% off your 1st order using code new20! What is an essay, which can help your students use it to grademiners? Includes tips. Essays from professional writers. This page will work with any scholar task, facts and reason to grademiners?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.4969015
Retrieved Text: Does anyone know how to incorporate a non-linear form of writing in Word? Having the navigation pane and Styles in Word help to move different sections around. But what about just creating a section and writing without having to worry about where it fits within the larger document?
I am actually trying to replicate the non-linear form of writing that is possible in Scrivener.
I am not familiar with Scrivener.
What prevents you from doing this in Word?
If you use a heading style to start this "section" you can then easily move it or find it using the Navigation pane.
In Word, you will have to move text ranges around with cut and paste.
In Outline view, you can promote and demote headings and also move paragraphs up and down, if that helps.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.487132
Retrieved Text: What is the best essay you have written?
Essay writing is a part of writing. Writing an essay is not an easy job. Essay writing is also a form of writing. Writing means a medium of communication. The writers use this medium for communicating their ideas and thoughts. Writing creates a verbal communication. Essay writing is an extensive and important process especially choose essay writing service in the field of education. Best essay services are the best one of challenge the professional academic student’s.If you want to choose more details about the essay writing service in online. Here are lots of online services.
Essay writing is a part of writing. Writing an essay is not an easy job. Essay writing is also a form of writing. Writing means a medium of communication. The writers use this medium for communicating their ideas and thoughts. Writing creates a verbal communication. Essay writing is an extensive and important process especially choose [essay writing service]( https://www.customessaywritingserviceonline.com/) in the field of education. Best essay services are the best one of challenge the professional academic student’s.If you want to choose more details about the essay writing service in online. Here are lots of online services.
I have seen that many writing are doing best to complete the work on time for the students in effective way.The best essay writing is that complete all the requirement of writing service for the students which helps them to get best grades in their college.
I have seen that many writing are doing best to complete the work on time

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.4830885
Retrieved Text: The purpose of this paper is to develop a theoretical framework through literature review on how children unilize various modes of presentation in writing processes, and how this multimodal event affects their written discourse structures. The content includes three subdivisions: (1) Modes of symbolic representation, (2) Children's drawing in writing processes, and (3) Children's written discourse structures. Drawing is a form of iconic representation to eflect the distinctive features of the represented experience (Bruner, 1964); a graphic image to draw what they know, not what they see (Piaget, 1969); and a graphic speech to conceptualize an internal representation of a story (Vygotsky, 1978). Drawing pictures may help beginning writers formulate and organize their thught in the less conventional and freer form of graphic symbolism. Drawing may help children develop characters, plot and theme in a story. Very little research was found on understanding the functions of drawing in children's writing processes and written ciscourse structures. Thus, this literature review endeavors to provide cheoretical grounds for further research.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.480828
Retrieved Text: Q: How Cheap Dissertation Writing UK Works?
Cheap Dissertation Writing UK works using 3 simple steps.
(1) You will fill out order Form.
(2) You will complete payment procedure.
(3) You will get your work completed within your given time frame.
Q: Is it Safe to Place Order with Cheap Dissertation Writing UK?
Yes because Cheap Dissertation Writing UK use 2checkout payment processor which is the most safe payment processor and provides lot of facilities to buyers. Your payment is always safe and you can take refund if company does not meet your requirements of paper.
Q: Will My Personal Details Be Kept Secret?
Yes. Cheap Dissertation Writing UK provide guaranty that all your personal and order information will be kept secret and will not be shared to any 3rd person or within the company.
Q: Do You Send News Letters to Clients?
No. As soon as client approves academic paper, all information is deleted from our system and only necessary information is kept to make further communication. Company will not contact further without initiation of contact by client.
Q: Does Company Use Any Software for Writing Dissertations?
No. Company never uses any software to write dissertations. However on request of clients some software like SPSS or other statistical analysis may be used for analysis of results. After that only Turnitin will be used to scan the paper making sure that there is not any plagiarism in the paper.
Q: How Many Writing Styles Cheap Dissertation Writing UK Use for Writing Academic Papers?
We are able to work in all academic paper styles like MLA, APA, Havard, Chicago, Oxford and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.457747
Retrieved Text: Who is able to take advantage of calling an paper writing solution?
Who is able to take advantage of calling an paper writing solution? There was a rather common myth that only lazy or perhaps not so-gifted pupils would employ a 3rd party to accomplish their homework.
what to Avoid when Writing an Essay Becoming effective at composing essays is a form of art. It offers learning not merely what you’re likely to compose but in addition things to avoid whatever it takes.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.450522
Retrieved Text: Proposal writing is different from other styles of writing. This course will help you develop the skills required for great proposal writing. It focuses on avoiding the problems we see when we review proposals and breaking bad habits. This is not a course in the process of proposal writing. It is a skills development course where most of the effort takes the form of exercises for you to practice what you learn.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.403744
Retrieved Text: How to Start Essay critique form Critique Paper Writing an essay for your high school English class or college writing course can be a bit of a challenging task. Although there are aspects of writing a critique paper that are fairly straightforward, putting all your ideas together in a way that will be attractive to the reader takes time. Goshen College ranked among the best by U. S. News& World Report, Washington Monthly Information Essay Critique: The questions posed about an informative essay will vary, depending on the purpose and strategy of the essay.
The SMGW suggests evaluating for the following issues: Is the memo form correct, with concise subject An essay critique form for students in English 206, Section 5, during the Spring 1998 semester at the University of Mississippi. Starting Your Critique Essay When starting your critique essay, take care not to start with your introduction this part should give the reader a general view of what is to come. This is difficult to do if you dont have the body of your essay yet. Mar 04, 2008 How to Write a Critique in Five Paragraphs.
A critique is usually written in response to a creative work, such as a novel, a film, poetry, or a painting. You could then present the reasons why you think that in the rest of the essay. 4. These should form the bulk of your critique and should be a minimum of three paragraphs Writing an evaluation is easy if you have the outline for writing it.
Outline for writing evaluation

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.396606
Retrieved Text: Writing fast works when you know exactly what you want to say, or when you’re doing some kind of stream-of-consciousness writing in a journal. But if you’re still chewing through ideas as you string sentences together, give slower writing a try.
While it may seem counterintuitive, the slower you write, the more you produce. To write slowly is to write deliberately, and often the best way to write 1,000 words in an hour is to sit down with the intention of giving yourself more time and writing 300. Slow writing also has greater clarity, because your thoughts have time to form.
But don’t just take my word for it: there are far more prolific writers out there. Joyce Carol Oates, the author of more than 40 books, who writes about two books a year, is one of them. Mason Currey writes in Daily Rituals that, “given the number of hours she spends at her desk, […] her productivity is not really so remarkable.” She writes slow, but she puts in her time.
Writing (or doing anything else) slowly and consistently won’t only make you more prolific—it also makes what you’re doing more fun. You get to savor your work, and tasks stop being an obligation. You enjoy the process so much more.
I often find I write slowly during my work sessions. But sometimes, as I write my way into inspiration and my mind settles into what I’m working on, I find that I naturally speed up. Regardless, when you start writing slowly, you give yourself permission to take time

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.382006
Retrieved Text: Brainstorming in a lot of ways is the best way to start thinking of new ideas. Especially when you are just beginning the process of making long-form content, I would brainstorm at least once a week. Take some time (10 minutes) to write out as many content ideas as you can think of. The more content possibilities you have, the better because you can pick and choose the best ones. It's hard to write lengthy content when you feel swamped by all the work to be done, and you feel pigeonholed to a topic you don't genuinely love.
Last week I published a pretty lengthy guide to all things brainstorming, so if you are stuck on how to brainstorm content ideas, check out that blog post after you finish reading this one.
So many people get so caught up in the content that they write that they don't consider what the real intent behind providing lengthy content is. The true purpose is to provide valuable content. Some people talk a lot, but they don't say anything worthwhile. There are many ways to share content so that you create value for your readers that aren't straight 1,000+ word pieces. Share content in whatever way feels more comfortable for you.
Some people are master storytellers and they are able to weave stories into their posts with precision. Reading their content never feels like work because they break it down and share their heart on every post. Your post can be more loosely based around a story if that makes more sense

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.37875
Retrieved Text: What is the verb form of architect?
What is the evolved form of archen?
What is the body form of archaebacteria?
An arts council as a pet?
Is a lovebird a parrot?
How do radial engines work?
Is that Charles Bronson on the phone?
Which light is least effective in photosynthesis?
Anne Gorrick is a poet and visual artist. She is the author of six books of poetry including: An Absence So Great and Spontaneous it is Evidence of Light (the Operating System, 2018); The Olfactions: Poems on Perfume (BlazeVOX Books, 2017), and A’s Visuality (BlazeVOX, 2015). She co-edited (with poet Sam Truitt) In|Filtration: An Anthology of Innovative Writing from the Hudson River Valley (Station Hill Press, 2016). She has collaborated with artist Cynthia Winika to produce a limited edition artists’ book, “Swans, the ice,” she said, funded by the Women’s Studio Workshop in Rosendale, NY and the New York Foundation for the Arts. She has also collaborated on in-depth visual and textual projects with Scott Helmes and John Bloomberg-Rissman. With Melanie Klein, she curates the reading series Process to Text, which focuses on innovative writing from in and around New York’s Hudson Valley.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.371795
Retrieved Text: Already know what you want to write, maybe it's even written?
You just want an expert's constructive feedback so you'll stand out above the rest?
By helping to craft a clear, high-impact message that allows you and your company's personality to shine!
To get started call 416-605-8547 or submit a coaching estimate form.
​Need the writing done for you? MB Creative Works does that too, visit our Writing page to learn more!
Why work with a writing coach?
In a way, writing is the unsung hero of our world. Whether it's copy for your website, a blog, a bio, a speech or marketing materials there is a constant need for writing. Not just any kind of writing though good, high-impact writing!
Most people can write, many even like to write. There's a sense of pride that comes along with setting pen to paper (or really fingers to keyboard) and writing a message about you or your business and sharing it with the world.
The catch... being able to write doesn't always mean being able to write well.
And in the age of the internet, offering strong well crafted pieces is invaluable. Why? Because it's safe to say that the vast majority of communication, especially all important introductions, are done through words on a screen rather than in person with a handshake. Meaning that what you put out in writing has never been so strongly tied to who you are then it does right now.
Working with me you'll get all the perks that come with offering high-quality pieces without the expense and hassle of hiring a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.339168
Retrieved Text: You are currently browsing the archives for the Teaching Rhetorical Situations & Conventions category.
Your Writing Analysis Memos should examine the conventions for A) writing in your academic field of study and B) writing produced by an office or organization on campus that has a stake in your campus topic. This memo outlines the guidelines and evaluation criteria for your memos, while demonstrating the format you should use for your own memos.
You should write two separate memos—one focused on writing in your academic field of study and one focused on writing produced by an office or organization on campus. For each memo, you should identify and analyze a text that is representative of writing produced by the rhetorical community. For your campus community memo, you also should interview a member of the rhetorical community that could implement a proposal related to your campus topic so that you can ask an expert about the conventions he or she follows when writing for the community. This interview also gives you a chance to ask this stakeholder questions about your campus topic.
What expectations does each rhetorical community have for written texts?
What types of evidence does each rhetorical community use to support arguments? What qualifies as valid evidence?
How does each rhetorical community use logical, ethical, and emotional appeals?
What is the purpose of the text you analyzed as representative of the rhetorical community? How does the text attempt to achieve this purpose?
Who is the audience for the writing? What expectations does this audience have for texts produced within the rhetorical community? What

================



======= Instance Index 5404 =========
Input Text: WHy do people learn?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- empowering
- improved performance
- increase knowledge
- intelligent
- have more knowledge

Target Text: have more knowledge

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.542618
Retrieved Text: Drs. Henry Cloud and John Townsend offer solid guidance for making safe choices in relationships, from friendships to romance. They help identify the nurturing people we all need in our lives, as well as ones we need to learn to avoid. Safe People will help you to recognize 20 traits of relationally untrustworthy people. Discover what makes some people relationally safe, and how to avoid unhealthy entanglements. You'll learn about things within yourself that jeopardize your relational security. And you'll find out what to do and what not to do to develop a balanced, healthy approach to relationships.
Safe People: How to Find Relationships That Are Good for You and Avoid Those That Aren't by Henry Cloud and John Townsend deals with the problem of character discernment. Cloud and Townsend write, "Safe people are individuals who draw us closer to being the people God intended us to be. Though not perfect, they are ‘good enough’ in their own character that the net effect of their presence in our lives is positive. They are accepting, honest, and present, and they help us bear good fruit in our lives (pg. 11)." The goal of Safe People is two fold. First, it will help us find and recognize safe and unsafe people. Second, it will also help us recognize areas in our lives where we are unsafe and help us become a safe person.
"In Part 1, 'Unsafe People,' you'll learn who unsafe people are and the twenty identifying traits of unsafe people (chapters 1-4).
In Part 2, 'Do I Attract Unsafe

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.375867
Retrieved Text: What causes addictions? This is an attractive topic for students because they can write about any type of addiction, from gambling to methamphetamines.
Why do people stay in poverty? Poverty is a real problem in our world and it might seem like people do not do anything to get out of it. You can look at the reasons why people stay there.
Why do we have fears? This could be looked at from a scientific standpoint or a psychological standpoint. You could look at specific fears, or just fears in general.
Why do people commit suicide? This is always a timely subject for teens, since many teens know someone who has committed suicide.
Why do people join gangs? Again, another timely topic for teens. This is a fascinating subject, especially when looking at it along with poverty.
Why do people choose to vote or not to vote? The numbers of people who do not vote continues to grow with each election. The causes of voter apathy can be interesting to the right person.
Why are people so obsessed with animals pictures on social media? There is a trend about cute animals pictures online. What caused it? Will the trend ever end? Only your research will find out.
Why is violence so prevalent in the United States? It seems like every night, there are reports of more violence in communities around the country. What is causing this to happen? If we can learn the causes, maybe we can learn how to stop it.
Why did _______ War occur? You can fill in the blank about

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.308362
Retrieved Text: How and why are some stories about God special/sacred and important in religion?
What do some people do because they believe in God?
What special times/places do people have for God?
Does worship have to happen in a special place? What can we learn from Sikhism?
What do people think is important to do daily, weekly, monthly? Why are these important?
How and why is celebrating and remembering important in religion and worship?
What does it mean to be inspired? Can one person change the world?
What qualities make a good leader?
Who should we look up to? What different kinds of writings and stories are important to religions?
What ‘lights our way’? What are we prepared to sacrifice/never sacrifice?
How to religious families and communities practice their faith, and what contributions does this make to local life?
Why are some occasions sacred to believers?
What do religious texts and teachings say about God, the world and human life?
What can we learn from the life of people who started a religion? What is happiness?
What guidance should we follow?
Why do some people have religious rituals throughout life’s journey?
What does Jesus mean to Christians?
How to religions mark the ‘signposts’ and ‘turning points’ on a journey?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.273094
Retrieved Text: Life is not all about stories and imaginations! We need to help kids learn about the facts. Sun rises in the east and sets in the west is just an imagination of people. The truth is that we are rotating the Sun to have days and nights. Our fun facts are interesting at the same time educating. Browse through our vast collection of cool facts and help your child learn things better; maybe you too will get a point or two from some of our fact posts.
Do You Know: Why there are No Dinosaurs in the World Today?
Do You Know: Why People Get Sick?
Do You Know: Why We Need Sleep?
Do You Know: Why is Earth Round?
Do You Know: What Causes Day and Night?
Do You Know: Why Apple Slices Change their Color After Being Cut?
Do You Know: Why do Animals and Birds Migrate?
Do You Know: Why is the Sunset Red?
Stay tuned or subscribe to get our latest updates about the most thrilling and interesting facts that you would love to find.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.085658
Retrieved Text: Why should you learn to sell and why do people hesitate from doing so?
Learning great Sales Skills is one of the best and fastest ways of understanding how people think and what moitvates them.
If you want to Lead, Manage, Negotiate, Influence and of course sell, then learning how to sell is the fastest way to do this.
But unfortunatly many people resist learning these skills.
In this 101 module we will explore why everyone in business should know the essentials of selling and why so many don't want to be called a 'salesman'.
If you want to increase your sales results or want to earn more.
Everyone who wants to understand how people think so they can lead or manage their teams and influence people about their ideas.
Anyone who wants their non-selling staff to pay more attention to commercial opportunities.
Every manager or leader who wants to learn how to influence or persuade to a higher level of skill.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.033054
Retrieved Text: Some people make the decision to learn arabic online instead of learning other languages, English for instance. However, you may not forget that learning English is also important. So why do you make the decision to learn an Arabic language? This question may appear even from yourself. When people around you give you such this question, do you already have the answer? Asa said more and more, there are so many reasons why people learn Arabic even online.
If you then have multiple reasons then make sure you focus on the one which becomes your concern. On the other words, if you still have the doubt of whether or not you’ll choose the Arabic language although you have many reasons, focus on the most urgent one. Take time then start to underline the certain reason. Furthermore, you will have the reason why you choose an online course when it comes to learning the Arabic language.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.987285
Retrieved Text: My Groups Keep Making This Clean Language Mistake. Why?
Can You Learn “People Skills” Like You Learn To Swim?
Why Do You Think You Know What I’m Thinking?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.961641
Retrieved Text: This is a great saying that I heard the other day. I wish I knew who said it first as I would give them credit for it. It struck a chord in me since I've been at a couple of problem solving sessions lately where the countermeasure to the problem is “More Training” or “Re-train the people”.
I’ve come to realize that training never addresses the root cause of the problem.
If the original training people received didn’t have them operating in a standard way, why would training them over again give any different results and solve the problem? Now if we changed the training process, then yes, we would expect different results and could run the new training process as an experiment to see if it did produce different results.
Why then do people keep coming to training as a countermeasure to the root cause of problems?
I believe it’s because they aren't at root cause and it’s a popular countermeasure that gives the illusion that we’re actually doing something. Never mind that what we’re doing won’t solve the problem.
When we train dogs and cats – we teach them what to do; tricks like – roll-over, put their paw up, fetch a ball and bark on command. When they do these well, our pets get rewarded with a biscuit and the behavior gets reinforced.
People on the other hand, have a basic need to learn and to understand the “why” behind the “what” to do. By learning why things must be done in a certain way, people increase their basic

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.954703
Retrieved Text: School are churning out the unemployable.
That’s the provocative title of Ewan MacIntosh’s marvellous blog post about how schools are failing our children, our businesses and hence our entire society.
Why am I writing about this in a blog about the business of games?
We are all experimenting, playing, creating, exploring and, above all, learning. We are going through a process of learning via doing, of experimenting and failing, of trying and iterating.
If we can’t do that – because we don’t know how to learn – we are going to get left behind. As Ewan fears our children may be getting left behind.
On the one hand, it’s mad of me to bring this up. I put myself forward as an expert (i.e. the author of How to Publish a Game), who teaches at specific times and places in disconnected little pieces (i.e. masterclasses) and I make consulting money because my knowledge is scarce.
So why would I tell you that you don’t need an expert teacher to learn?
The answer is because I believe strongly that what I do is not tell people what to do; I teach people how to learn about social games, or self-publishing or digital distribution. I talk about what is going on and why. I don’t have a playbook that clients should follow slavishly. I have a set of frameworks that you can apply to any game, any business, to understand how to make the game more popular, and make more money.
In short, I don’t teach people answers. I teach them how to learn.
Which is why

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.929457
Retrieved Text: in this amazing 66-podcast series! Listen on iTunes or iHeart Radio.
Or click each title below.
1 What is the consciousness between lifetimes?
Learn how we can re-enter the consciousness between lifetimes, and why our task is to remember what we’ve forgotten: our infinite essence as souls.
2 Did we really choose this life?
Learn how we enter as souls, and why we choose what we enter into—even if these situations are challenging or even painful.
3 What are we supposed to do with our natural talents?
Learn why we’re here to explore our particular talents, gifts and passions, as fully as we can. And why in some cases, our gift is our presence.
4 Why do some people have easier soul lessons?
Learn why it can seem like some people have it easier than others, but from a soul perspective, this isn’t true. Every lifetime is perfect.
5 When is “helping people” not a good idea?
Learn why everyone around us is also in school, and our task as souls is to work our own lessons—not try to fix other people.
6 Why do we get stuck and is this a problem?
Learn why we are here to learn at the pace we can handle, and why this pace often means we need to take breaks and pauses for integration.
7 Why is failure a good thing?
Learn why failure is growing, and why soul growth doesn’t always happen when we’re succeeding—but it always happens whenever we are risking or pushing our edge.
8 How fast can we move through soul lessons?
Learn why once you complete a soul lesson, you never

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.912361
Retrieved Text: – Give details of the job.
– Why do you think the interview went well?
– Why do you need to know the result?
Some people believe it is important to give gifts and presents to friends and family to show that we care about them. Others think that there are better ways to show affection to them. Discuss both the views and give your own opinion.
– Are you friendly with your neighbors?
– How good is the place where you live now?
– What kind of paintings do you prefer?
– Would you like to participate in the Olympic Games?
– What is the language?
– Why do you want to learn it?
– How can you do it?
– Is it important to learn other foreign languages? Why?
– Do you think language is related to culture?
– How can you learn a foreign culture?
– How can we differentiate one’s culture from their language?
– Do you think your mother tongue is influenced by other languages?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.908191
Retrieved Text: What are the functions of advertisement?
What are the problems of advertisements?
What is there on the walls of the flat?
What can you see outside the windows of your flat?
What kind of house do you want to have in the future?
What kind of living place is popular in China?
What do you care about when you buy bags?
Why do you think some designer bags are so expensive?
Have you ever lost any bags?
How do people celebrate birthday in your country?
What kind of birthday gifts do Chinese people like to receive?
Is there any difference between birthdays in the past and now?
Do you want to have a boat?
Where do you go boating?
Have you ever seen this person?
How often do you have chocolate?
Did you like to have chocolate when you were young?
Have you ever given chocolate to others?
Why is chocolate popular in so many countries?
Do you like the same colors now as you did when you were younger?
Can you remember what you dream of after you wake up?
Are you interested in other people’s dreams?
Do you like to have a course about dreams?
Do you often write emails?
What are the advantages of writing emails?
What types of emails do you write, business or personal?
What’s the difference between letters and emails?
What kind of letter is hard to write?
In what kind of situation do you send email to your family?
What sorts of food are popular in China?
Do you go to restaurant?
What kind of restaurant do you like? Why?
What’s the difference between the restaurant now and that in the past?
Do you like to be with yourself or your friends?
Do

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.878862
Retrieved Text: Is Dyslexia a barrier to MFL?
When I originally began to work in SEN, we would often withdraw students with dyslexia/literacy difficulties from French or Spanish for small group or one-to-one interventions. Our stock answer was that they were struggling learning one language let alone asking them to learn another one. Yes, I know that statement is wrong on so many levels.
Why did I presume this? Is there any evidence to back this up?
As my career has progressed, my knowledge has increased I have become more and more aware of Dyslexia across the languages. I recently spoke at an EAL conference in Romania (cold but fabulous) and when conducting research for this I learned so much about Dyslexia and EAL it made me question why we presume dyslexic students can’t learn another language. Or why we presume it would be detrimental to them.
Dyslexia is most prevalent in the English language. This is because English is a nightmare language to learn, and I mean a nightmare. It has 41 phenomes (blends of letters) but 21,000 ways of pronouncing them! Other languages, such a German, Spanish and Hungarian are straight forward and simple to learn so doesn’t cause as many issues for people with dyslexia.
I believe Spelling Bee Competitions are only popular in English language countries because spelling in all other countries isstraight forward and everyone can do it. It’s just English that is completely nuts and spelled differently to how it sounds.
What do you think though? Let’s walk through the forest with the boughs of the branches hanging

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.792926
Retrieved Text: Topic: Learn English in Canada's wild west!
Re: Learn English in Canada's wild west!
Topic: Why do Chinese people learn English difficultly?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.7866
Retrieved Text: Click on each topic below for a short video to help you plan for your family and loved ones with a will or living trust. Please contact Rose Meissner, president of the Community Foundation of St. Joseph County, at (574) 232-0041 or email her.
Your Property How much property do you own? Do you own enough to require a will or plan?
Joint Tenancy What are the dangers of holding your property in joint tenancy?
Failing to Plan Learn what will happen if you pass away without a will.
Why No Will? Why do some people fail to make a will? Learn why.
Asset Distribution Discover how assets are distributed through a will.
Wills 101 What is included in a will? Learn the basics of updating a will.
Trust Benefits What is a trust? Learn the benefits of establishing a living trust.
Wills vs. Trusts What are some differences between a will and trust?
Health & Attorneys What is a healthcare directive and power of attorney?
IRA Gifts Learn why an IRA is not a good asset to give to children.
Planning for Children Help children learn about money and explain ways to diversify inheritance.
A Right Inheritance Learn the right timing, right amounts and property to give.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.775064
Retrieved Text: HOW IS YOUR CONFIDENCE AS A PHOTOGRAPHER?
SOME PHOTOGRAPHERS JUST SEEM TO BE BORN WITH CONFIDENCE, TAKE GREAT PHOTOS ALL THE TIME (OR DO THEY?). OTHERS SPEND A LOT OF MONEY BUYING ALL THIS EXPENSIVE EQUIPMENT, THINKING THAT THIS EQUIPMENT WILL MAKE THEM THE PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHER, AND IT DOESN’T. THEN, THOSE PHOTOGRAPHERS SPEND ALL THEIR TIME AT THE COMPUTER TRYING TO TWEAK THEIR PHOTOS INTO SOMETHING THAT MAY LOOK GOOD. THE MORE THEY TWEAK, THE LESS HAPPY THEY ARE.
KEEP IN MIND, WE ARE ALL LEARNING IN THIS HOBBY, OR PROFESSION. I DON’T THINK THAT EVEN THE MOST ADVANCED PHOTOGRAPHER DOESN’T LEARN SOMETHING FROM HIS OWN PHOTOGRAPHY, OR FROM THE PHOTOGRAPHY OF ANOTHER PHOTOGRAPHER. IF YOU THINK YOU CAN JUST GRAB A CAMERA AND START TAKING PERFECT PHOTOS, THEN YOU MISSED SOMETHING. THERE IS A REASON WHY SOME PHOTOS LOOK GREAT AND WHY OTHERS DO NOT.
ONE THING THAT PEOPLE MISS THE FIRST TIME THEY GET A CAMERA IS THAT THEY REALLY DON’T TAKE THE TIME TO LEARN WHAT THEIR OWN CAMERA CAN DO FOR THEM. LIKE THE EXAMPLE ABOVE. WHEN YOU FIRST TAKE A PHOTO AND IT COMES OUT LIKE THE TOP PHOTO, AND YOU WONDER WHY? DO YOU KNOW ENOUGH ABOUT YOUR CAMERA TO KNOW HOW TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM SO THAT YOU CAN FIX IT? THAT IS WHY YOU MUST LEARN EVERYTHING ABOUT YOUR CAMERA. EVERYTHING !!! DON’T JUST LEARN HOW TO OVERIDE THE AUTOMATIC, LEARN HOW TO SHOOT MANUALLY, LEARN HOW TO USE THE ISO CORRECTLY, LEARN ALL ABOUT THE DEPTH OF FIELDS AND WHAT

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.672721
Retrieved Text: Learn why others have to “modify” successful actions versus duplicating successful actions. Find out what the degree of ethics applied in an org is proportional to, and how to easily resolve it. Find out why it takes you too long to train others and “solve it” by just doing the work yourself. Find out why people make tasks too complicated. Learn how to focus on the task at hand and accomplish more in less time and learn how to get others to do the same.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.656172
Retrieved Text: Student will learn new vocabulary and practice reading and talking skills.
Talk about Paris. Have you ever been to Paris? Why not? Would you like to? If yes? when did you go? What did you see? What did you like?
Show a picture of Eiffel Tower. What is it? Type Eiffel Tower What is made of? Woden? Iron Is it building or structure? handmade Vocabulary to type iron demir structure yapısal DO people get on its top? here are two words ascend descend What do you think? When people go up? WE say .... And down from the top ... Repeat Is it famous? Everyone knows that its in Paris. We say its icon of Paris.
Read the article to learn is the Eifeel Tower the highest structure in the world? Pronunciation words correction Why is Eiffel Tower so famous? Which was the impressive structure you saw? Which is the icon structure in your country? Why?
Do you like to travel? What activity do you prefer? Ypu see four pictures. What do you want to do on holaday?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.634066
Retrieved Text: What are the parts of the Bible?
Is the Bible still being written?
Why does the Bible have so many different stories?
What is New Testament story?
What is Old Testament story?
Why is the Book of Revelation so hard to understand?
What are the Gospels in the Bible?
Why do we have the Bible?
Why did God gives us the Bible?
What language was the Bible written in? What language did they speak?
Why is the Bible divided into chapters and verses? Who did that?
Why should we study the Old Testament?
How did people learn about God before they had the Bible?
Does the Bible have any mistakes?
Is the Bible true or are the stories just like fairy tales?
How do we know if the Bible is really true?
Is the Bible really God's words?
What does it mean that the Bible is "inspired"?
Does the Bible say we should take care of the environment?
Why did Jesus tell us to chop off our hands and pluck out our eyes?
Why do the Gospels have many of the same stories?
Why do we study the Bible? Can kids study the Bible?
Why should we do what the Bible says?
Do we have to follow the Old Testament law now?
Why did God put scary stories in the Bible?
How can kids understand the Bible?
Is it important to learn what the Bible says? Why?
What are the 10 Commandments? What do they mean?
When I ask a question to GQKidz, why do you always answer with what the Bible says?
Do kids have spiritual gifts?
Are there any promises of God for kids?
What did people in the Bible look like?
Why do Bible people

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.610983
Retrieved Text: Why do some people recover from Lyme Disease and others still struggle with recurring symptoms? Learn about the most common blocks that Lyme patients have despite years of antibiotics, do it yourself herbal protocols, or home treatments. Learn about the top innovative treatments and remedies that have helped these people to stop their recurring symptoms of Lyme Disease and co-infections.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.607115
Retrieved Text: People find it odd that I deliberately learn small bits of obscure languages, so I thought I'd explain why. WHY?
No-one expects you to speak an obscure language, especially if you're anglophone. This means that people are more impressed and appreciative when you do, even if you only know a couple of phrases. For example, in Luxembourg you get a better reaction from Luxembourgers if you say 'hello' in Luxembourgish than you do if you have a whole conversation in French.
The normal motivation for learning a foreign language is because it is useful for communication. For a native English speaker such as myself this simply doesn't apply in a country such as the Netherlands, where the population are unfailingly able to communicate in English. My only motivations to learn Dutch, then, are for the hell of it, to amuse the locals and because people appreciate you learning their own language. Noble as they are, these motivations are not particularly strong.
So, if you're not going to learn a foreign language to better communicate with people, you might as well learn a minority language: for the same amount of effort, you will surprise, amuse and impress the locals much more.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.582723
Retrieved Text: Psoriasis Guide - Learn How to Treat Your Psoriasis Naturally!
- Best Psoriasis Guide Articles.
- Treatments For Psoriasis Ebook (Value:37$).
- Share Psoriasis Guide Articles via Email.
- Why do people get psoriasis?
- Why do some people suffer and not others?
- When does psoriasis first develop, and will I have it all my life?
Who is likely to suffer from psoriatic arthritis?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.529056
Retrieved Text: As perhaps mentioned before, I work in the admissions office of a graduate/professional school. A lot of people who have been put on the waitlist are sending in letters saying they are still very interested in attending our school. Lots of people also go off on mushy/sentimental tangents.
One person actually quoted from Batman Begins: "Why do we fall? So that we can learn how to pick ourselves up." Anyway, I like Batman Begins, and I'm excited for The Dark Knight, but I'm just thinking it's kind of silly to quote from a Batman movie when you're trying to be admitted to an institution of higher learning. Now, maybe if he had created a Batman comic strip and tied it into our school, then it could have been good. But just quoting from Batman Begins and then explaining the relevance is silly.
Socrates once said, "the unexamined life is not worth living." Bruce Wayne's dad once said, "Why do we fall? So that we can learn how to pick ourselves up." Foodandpantsman once said, "just stop."
-Dad, why do we fall?
- To learn how to pick ourselves up. And son, don't use this line when you're applying to grad school.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.526243
Retrieved Text: This course will help your child learn to give encouragement, start talking about his/her opinions, ask for and give directions, and many more. Your child will be able to answer the questions like "Why do people have fun?", "Why do people move to new places?", "How do we measure time?" and many more. The activities in this course cover topics on Culture, Geography, Physical; Earth; and Life Science.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.520517
Retrieved Text: Looking for IELTS Speaking Questions to practice with? Here is a collection of test questions about SPORTS and ENTERTAINMENT.
Feel free to leave your comments or suggestions. You may also use the reply box to answer some of the questions and let other readers correct them. Enjoy your speaking practice!
– What kind of movies do you like the most?
– How often do you go to the cinema?
– Do you think children nowadays watch different movies compared to the past?
-Where and when do you usually watch them?
– Would you like to participate in movie production?
– What kind of music do you like? Why?
– Did your taste in music change with time?
– Do you prefer live concerts or records? Why?
-Do children play enough sports these days?
– Do you play any sports?
– When was the last time you watched a match on TV?
– What do you prefer, watching sports on TV or going to watch live at the stadium?
– What sports/game would you like to play in the future?
Do you like celebrities? Why?
– Would you like to be a celebrity? Why?
– Who are the favorite celebrities in your country?
– Have you ever met a celebrity in person?
– How can children be engaged more in outdoor activities?
– Do you think shopping and entertainment centers are beneficial for people?
– Is it the same for the economy?
– When and where did you try it?
– What do you think about it now?
– What and when was it?
– Who was your coach?
– What sport it is?
– When will you learn it?
– How will you learn

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.494413
Retrieved Text: People lost in the long-run not because they don’t know what to do, but because they don’t know why they’re doing what they’re doing.
Why are you running a business? What is your goal? Do you want to prove something? Is that something you dreamed of? Do you want to help? To sustain your family? Or get rich?
Why are you in that job? Do you love what you do? Is it congruent with your ideals or passion? Does it contribute to your growth? Or is it because of the pay?
Why are you studying that course? Is it because your parents want it for you? Is it because of peer pressure? Is it align with your passion and highest ideals? Or do you want to compete?
Why are you auditioning for The Voice or The X Factor? Do you want fun, challenge, entertainment, or you want attention and fame?
Why are you searching for an old rich man on dating sites? Do you want true love, or you want to become instant rich and have more freedom?
Why are you helping unfortunate people? Is it because you care, or you want to be recognized?
We have different reasons — a goal or something personal. So, there’s no right or wrong answer. Who cares? Maybe you want to learn that skill, or you want to experience something new, or you want to achieve greatness, or you want to earn more for your family or for your startup, whatever.
The point is, you know why you’re doing it.
If you want to be rich, then you

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.493927
Retrieved Text: Why do people become disabled? – Idiot’s Questions?
Why do people become disabled?
A disability can be the result of a disease, an accident, or of genetics, which means that it is a condition that a person is born with.
A lot of times disabled people can learn new ways to do things or use special machines or specially trained animals to help them work around their disability.
Previous Previous post: How did Valentine become the patron saint of lovers?
Next Next post: What is moss?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.475672
Retrieved Text: Build Your Downline And Earn As You Learn!
DAY 1: The psychological triggers that make people want to buy and join, and learn how and why cold market is different from warm market recruiting.
DAY 2: How to identify and find people who will be the most interested in YOUR opportunity and then get them to reach out to YOU instead of chase after them!
DAY 3: The #1 question you need to answer is "why should I join YOU?" Learn how to position yourself as the person everyone wants to join even if you haven't had any success yet.
DAY 4: Never run out of prospects by keeping your pipeline full. Learn how to steadily grow your online audience with small, consistent, daily activities.
DAY 5: Want to do more in less time? Learn the secrets to automating parts of the recruiting process with some simple online tools.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.45205
Retrieved Text: Video: Get Involved at UL!
See the video on student involvement at UL!
Why get involved at UL?
To meet people, make friends, challenge yourself, get inspired to do more, give back, lead, influence others, enjoy the total university, connect with the whole University, become well-rounded, learn about yourself, travel, grow, learn social & real world skills, prepare for your profession, build your portfolio, connnect with people, get to know your professors, meet people oustide your major, interact with administrators and alumni, learn professional skills, form bonds, move down your career path, learn how to approach people, benefit others.
I AM A RAGIN' CAJUN!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.364658
Retrieved Text: Building Self-confidence- The ultimate guide to building self-confidence: Learn everything, from its definition, through building self-confidence and up to having solid self confidence.
Five Signs that Show that you Lack Self Confidence- Five signs that can help you spot people who lack self confidence.
Everyone Is Doing It! : Overcome Peer Pressure- "I am doing it because everyone else is!" : Learn how can you overcome peer pressure.
Why self confidence levels vary from a task to another- Do you lack self confidence although that you are successful? If your answers was yes, then most probably you don’t know about self confidence fields.
Self Confidence and Knowledge- Learn how knowledge can increase your self confidence.
Lack of Self Confidence and Sports- Learn how to be confident at sports.
I Lack Confidence Because I Am Not Skilled- Do you think that you are unskilled? Do you lack self-confidence because of your lack of skills? Read this article to discover the truth about being skilled.
Shame and self esteem- Do you feel ashamed of your small car, inexpensive mobile or old clothes? This article will help you discover that lack of self-confidence is the main cause for this.
Why Am I Not Self Confident?- Why am I not Self Confident? Learn how to trace the cause of your lack of self confidence, and how you can get rid of it.

================



======= Instance Index 3982 =========
Input Text: How do you start family?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- spend money
- get married
- stressed
- get pregnant
- have sex

Target Text: have sex

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.597427
Retrieved Text: Over the years of holiday gatherings, birthday parties, and reunions, you've gathered a rich collection of family stories to tell your loved ones. Don't let those precious tales be lost--preserve these stories for your children, future descendents, and other members of your family. It's an exciting thought, isn't it? But the prospect may seem overwhelming. How do you start? What's important to include? How detailed should your writing be? How do you write about the black sheep in the family? What if you know that your perspective of the family differs from the perspective of other family members? Do I have to start with “I was born on . . . and work my way systematically through my life? Is it all right simply to choose certain themes from my life? How much detail should I share? We can help you with all of that and more.
Contact Write-Choice Services, Inc. and learn how to begin documenting your family's unique oral history today!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.358053
Retrieved Text: Soon, we’ll be seeing signs of autumn and your children may start wondering: Why do leaves change color in the fall? How do you make applesauce?
Soon, we’ll be seeing signs of autumn and your children may start wondering: Why do leaves change color in the fall? How do you make applesauce? Where are the geese flying?
Snuggle up and read some children’s books together, and satisfy your child’s curiosity. Read and learn about autumn, go for a walk looking for colorful leaves, taste some newly picked apples, and enjoy the glory of the season with your family.
“Applesauce Season” by Eden Ross Lipson, illustrated by Mordicai Gerstein. Red apples, orange leaves and bright blue sky — it’s time to make applesauce. You’ll want to make your own after reading how easy it is to do. Start your own fall family tradition!
“The Little Yellow Leaf” by Carin Berger. This little yellow leaf has to be brave, because it’s going to be autumn soon and he knows he will fall from his tree.
Family Reading Partnership is a community coalition that has joined forces to promote family reading. For information, visit familyreading.org.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.280912
Retrieved Text: As part of your registration, we ask you for additional information regarding your family and the position which you offer.
What do you do with all the information?
First, this information is used to guide our team in selecting the best fitting applicants for you. We will follow your requests as closely as possible when choosing which applicants to contact for you.
Secondly, your family profile is then presented to the selected, prospective au pairs to enquire for their interest. This is why we make sure that your profile is complete and well-presented, to ensure the best possible response from potential applicants.
The above is particularly important, as au pair numbers are currently limited, and au pairs often have lots of families to choose from.
Start your registration by completing our simple Host Family Registration Form.
You can submit your family letter & photos via the online registration form, however, we appreciate that sometimes, you will need a bit more time to prepare the letter and photos, which is why many families send the letter, photos and references to us separately via e-mail.
The good news is, you will only need to complete this process once - as your details will then be safely stored for future searches.
2. A Family Letter is a friendly introduction to your family life.
Please introduce each family member, likes & hobbies & family life. Why are you looking to host an au pair? Do you have previous au pair experience? How do you expect to integrate your au pair in family life?
Au pair responsibilities & schedule - What

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.190612
Retrieved Text: Do you want to know how to do spiritual formation with your children in your home with little or no prep? Would you like help with offering your kids meaningful spiritual experiences? Join Traci Smith and many others across the country, practicing Family Faith Moments for one week! The Family Faith Moments 7-Day Start-Up Plan is simple: a daily spiritual practice every day, for one week, and it will change your family life forever.
When you sign up you'll receive the FREE e-book, Family Faith Moments 7-Day Start-Up Plan by Traci Smith. Enter your email address below, click "Sign Up," and we will email you a link to download the PDF of the FREE Family Faith Moments 7-Day Start-Up Plan. This email could take up to 2-3 hours to arrive.
After you download the Family Faith Moments 7-Day Start-Up Plan, you’ll receive our newsletter with other important topics for progressive-thinking Christians.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.134373
Retrieved Text: Thanks for posting this. This is great. I have been working on the same thing with separate door panel and frame families nested into a host family. However, I have one 'single' family for flush, vision, full glass doors, etc. Is this what you are doing? Or do you still have a separate family for each panel type?
Also, do you recommend somewhere to look for how to create a type catalogue?
Wow!! I'm about to start to build my family library and this video shows how the boys play!
What is the text file for? and how do you create it?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.10984
Retrieved Text: Mary & I got married February 2010 … In planning our marriage ceremony we talked a lot about how it would flow, how it would reflect the ‘Tangarife’ family: Colombian culture & the ‘Ironside family’: Australian culture. The one thing we both agreed we had to do was start with an expression of worship. We had some talented friends lead us with some of our favorite worship songs and family members lead us in worshipful prayer. The atmosphere was set, God was honored, & lets just say I was much more relaxed to focus on the life changing task at hand.
The point is not that weddings have to start with singing worship songs … But what is our life focus? How do you begin your day? How do you start a new venture or project? What do you give worth-ship to (give worth to).
The 1st step in learning is bowing down to God. The place to start for wisdom for life in whatever step your taking is respect, reverence, honor & fear for the One who put you on this planet. In other words .. Concerning God & Heavenly wisdom.. If you want to get anywhere: Start with Worship.
Worship derives from the old-English word ‘worth-ship’… It means to give and add worth to something. What are you adding worth to? What are you giving value to? When you give worth (respect, Holy fear) to God you open your life up to receive his wisdom, knowledge, & secrets of enjoying & living a life of significance.
All times!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.003774
Retrieved Text: Deciding to start a family can be one of the most exciting decisions you make. In order to obtain a government security clearance, youre asked a lot of questions about your family and friends. There are many reasons you might want to start a new life, and many ways you could approach this decision. Life gets heavy and you dream of creating a new world with a whole new identity.
This is because your emotional connections can be used against you.
Your enemies can tug at your heartstrings and torture you by opening wounds that have nothing to do with physical harm. Home Family Relationships Personal Development How to Start a New Life. Lack of energy and motivation to make positive changes mean that we limit ourselves to leading the same routine every single day. Instruction how to start a life together. Its common to, at some point in your life, feel like you want to just want to start over. So, shake things up a bit and change your physical environment. Many of you might feel difficulty in checkin.
Have you ever wondered how to leave your past behind and start a new life. Well cover the most common tools that are used during the project, ways you can save money, how to start a new life without your family, as well as the items usually included in the attic fan installation cost. Cialis, funciona priligy how to treat erectile dysfunction. But, if youre like most people, you cant just pick up and move away. It is not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.712805
Retrieved Text: I am a natural light lifestyle photographer. Family sessions are done on location, as I do not work out of a studio.
Planning of your session: Location, date, time, etc.
How I work as a photographer is that I don't want to hold anything back from you from your sessions.
Here's how I work as a photographer.
We start with a short questionnaire about your family, what you like to do on the weekends when you're all together, your favorite foods, favorite colours, etc.
We plan a date, location and time for your session!
We head out (unless it's a rainy, stormy, soggy day) and photograph away.
I head home...and start to hand edited the images.
Within two - three weeks you receive an amazing online personal viewing gallery that you can share with family and friends.
You can pick up to 15 images available for download. You can purchase additional images from your session.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.706736
Retrieved Text: In today’s world of throwaway jobs, you’re a lot safer when you create your own business that is set up correctly to successfully weather the winds of change. But just how do you do that – especially if you’ve worked for someone else much of your career? This instructor-led online course teaches you how to set up a business and operational systems so that you create a stable future for yourself, your family, and your future employees. We’ve taught these business development courses for over a decade and helped hundreds of people around the world get their businesses on stable footing.
Start Date – These business development courses are available online and you can start the course as soon as we receive full payment.
Duration – 50 hours – You can complete this course in less than a week (50 hours). However, we recognize that you may be juggling a career and family so we give you up to ten weeks from the date you register to complete all the business development courses online activities.
Course Material – All material you will need to do the activities are provided online.
Learn how to use the most current online tools to substantially reduce the costs to start and run every element of your business.
Learn and implement what it takes to effectively start up your business.
Develop a business plan that includes a comprehensive description of your business, the environment in which it operates, and how you will run it.
You can complete this course in less than a week with 50 hours worth

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.693978
Retrieved Text: * 1. What would be your ideal Wednesday night activity line-up?
* 2. What time would you choose to have activities start on Wednesday evenings?
* 3. How often do you attend worship as a family? Why do you attend when you do?
* 5. Attendance at Wednesday worship has dropped significantly in recent years. Do you have any insight or comment as to why?
* 7. Please share what you like or dislike about Confirmation/High School Bible Study at Trinity (curriculum, content, expectations, schedule, classroom issues/behaviors, events, etc.).
* 8. Do you feel like the members of your family (adults included) are learning and/or growing from worship services or other church programs? Why or why not?
* 9. How confident do you feel about your knowledge of the Bible and/or the Christian faith?
* 10. How could Trinity help your family to learn and/or grow in faith more?
* 11. What other ideas do you have for us? Or what other offerings for families would you like to see?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.68494
Retrieved Text: 1. How likely were young men in Wisconsin to own land?
2. How likely were older men in Wisconsin to own no land?
1. Western land has sometimes been considered a "safety valve" for American workers. Do you think that a laboring American could afford to start a farm?
2. How would a family acquire the money to start a farm?
1. Why do you think the proportion of Americans working in agriculture declined?
2. What kinds of work might non-agricultural workers do for a living?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.601061
Retrieved Text: We can come up with many excuses for overworking. Sometimes we blame it on providing for our family. Other times we insist our work is so important that to slow down would be negligent.
But usually, it’s a values problem. We start valuing the wrong things. Specifically, we value the acquisition of stuff above all else.
That’s how this becomes a question of values. Do you want more stuff, or do you want less stress and more time with your family? The choice is yours.
When is enough, enough? You can win the rat race, but you’re still a rat!
Your work and your worth are two different things. Many of you grew up being told you’re worthless, and you’re out in the workplace trying to prove everyone wrong. In the back of your mind, you’re telling yourself, “I’m going to show them. I’m going to prove them wrong.” You work harder and harder, but no matter how hard you work, it’s never enough. Just about the time you start to relax, you hear a haunting voice telling you, “Keep pedaling. Somebody’s catching up!” You need to get rid of the voice. It’s feeding you a lie.
How have you seen overwork affect your family?
When you’ve struggled with overwork in your life, what have been the primary causes?
In what ways do you sometimes equate your work with your worth?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.592095
Retrieved Text: One of the Five Foundations to Applying with Sanity is to talk to your family about money. Soon.
But that can be really hard to do. And how do you even start that conversation? To get some insight on this, I reached out to my friend Lauren Lindsay. She's a Certified Financial Planner; her job is to help people figure out how to best use and save their money.
I first met Lindsay when she gave a workshop for parents at my daughters's preschool about how to talk to young kids about money. She presented on the importance of teaching children the difference between spending, giving, and saving. Last week I had a 40-minute talk with her about how go about it when the roles are reversed and it's now the children who need to talk to their parents about money.
Star early. Lindsay says that the best thing to do is to start talking about financial matters early. It takes time to "make money a comfortable thing to talk about," she says, and you have to figure out what your family's "money message" is. The money message is the general way that you think about money in the big picture. It's not always a conscious thing. For example, some people grow up with the message that you might run out of money at any moment, and so you must always be diligent and save as much as you can in case that day comes. But someone else might grow up with the message that no matter what you

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.588636
Retrieved Text: Want To Be A WAHM?
Building a website business is a great option for the work at home parent and there is no better place and time to start than here and now.
Finding a way to be a full-time at-home mum but still earn a living has been a life saver for me.
Balancing my desire to always be here for my daughter but still make enough money to pay the bills is a constant headache and finding someone to guide me through the process of learning how to start a website has been invaluable.
Do you wish you could say that too?
There is no other place that you would rather be than with your kids but you also want to contribute financially to the family, right?
Finding something that allows you to do both can be a reality - thousands of moms work at home online - you can too.
Four work at home moms (WAHMs), the course's authors, will introduce you to a work solution that "fits" naturally with your family needs and yet is rewarding, challenging, exciting and soul-satisfying for you.
Just like they are doing, you too can create a website that is based on something you know and love. No technical knowledge or prior experience is necessary.
You too can build a real, long-term business on the internet and become a work at home parent.
Learn from the experiences and advice of Elizabeth, Cate, Jennifer and Erin (and several other successful WAHMs) in WAHM-IT!, The Masters Course.
They are busy moms just like you and me and they know what

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.5845175
Retrieved Text: Learn EXACTLY what you need to know about the family entertainment center industry, what it takes to get started, startup costs, activity mix and what kind of a return on your investment you can expect. If you are looking for an unbiased review of the process to start, operate and manage a family entertainment center business, this 33 page ebook is what you have been looking for.
You are looking for information to start a family entertainment center business, and for most new amusement business entrepreneurs, that means what the business will cost to get started, and how much money you could potentially make, right?
How profitable is the family entertainment center industry?
What will it cost to open an indoor family entertainment center?
What kind of return on my investment can I expect?
How long before I pay back my investors?
What are my demographics, where do I find them, and what do I do with them?
Should I lease a space or purchase my own building?
What activities should I include and where can I find those suppliers?
What are my fun center equipment costs?
Insider secrets some sales reps will keep from you.
What Federal Grants, Free money and other financial resources are available?
4 things your potential funder wants to hear.
Why family entertainment centers fail - how to protect your investment.
""This single report saved me hours of time researching and money spent on wasted phone calls. I now have the information needed to make a decision about moving forward or letting go..."" -George K., IN.
Before you can find out if this business makes sense

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.571126
Retrieved Text: Blog How Can Your Family Be Healthier?
How Can Your Family Be Healthier?
The products you use every day determine what your health and that of your family will look like in the future. PERIOD. It’s a hard pill to swallow but knowledge is power. I ran out of dish soap the other day and decided to buy some from the supermarket. It was a nightmare. I went to 2 different supermarkets before I found one that wasn’t harmful and it wasn’t the Mrs. Meyers of the world. Stop and take a look at the products you are using every day. Turn the bottle around and look at the ingredients. Does it even state the ingredients? In the U.S.A., companies are allowed to keep their ingredients off the bottle. What are they hiding?
What can you do to protect your family? This month, make a commitment to begin to swap your products for clean alternatives. This is especially important if you are already suffering. Diabetes, Lupus, Autism, and Cancer… do you know what they all have in common? A body overloaded with toxins that cannot handle what has been introduced and so has begun to attack itself. Take back your power. Pick a room in your house and each month begin the swap. Instead of purchasing from Target or CVS, make a choice for health. Start with your children: order shampoo, soap, toothpaste, and lotion. Start with the kitchen: order dish soap, fruit spray, and dishwasher powder. Start with the laundry room: laundry detergent, dryer balls. Here’s the thing,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.571065
Retrieved Text: Many topics in adoption can be incredibly challenging alone. How do I talk to my child about their journey through adoption? How do I begin to look for my Birth/First family? How do I talk to my children about race and racism? Many of these topics we cover in our workshops, and sometimes you really need someone to give you one-on-one focus around a topic that you, or your family, are struggling with. In times like these we suggest choosing a package like the ones listed below, so that you have an opportunity to dive deeper into the topics that you need the most support around.
While Astrid Castro Consulting has a heavy focus on adoption, we also offer consultations around race and racism for parents and educators! Each of these topics address a unique need, and we will customize a package that is uniquely tailored for the topic that you (your family, or school) are addressing. You can expect high quality, empathy based, non-therapeutic, active listening from someone who has over 25 years experience in the adoption field, as well as an adoptee herself. You can find Astrid’s story here.
Your initial intake meeting gives you an opportunity to give a summary of the topic (or topics) that you would like to address, as well as any logistical questions you may have. In the week following your consultation, you will receive a phone call (or email) to schedule your first consultation with Astrid.
This package is for educators & parents who are ready to talk to their students

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.570971
Retrieved Text: Read our tips on saving money for your next family vacation.
Does your family take a Summer vacation? Do you already have it planned? Whether you have a small or large family planning a vacation can be difficult especially if you are on a tight budget. My family and I always plan our vacation months ahead of time. This gives us plenty of time to save money.
I have heard from many of my readers that taking a vacation is completely out of the picture because they do not have the means to make it happen. Even if you are on a tight budget you can make a vacation happen for you and your family.
Plan Ahead – Start by finding a few destinations that you would like to go to. This will allow you to figure out which one will work best with your budget and everyone will enjoy. Take into consideration the local attractions and beaches and then start researching each destination. Find the best possible deals for travel arrangements that can accommodate your family. If you are able to be flexible with your dates this will definitely help you to save some extra cash on your trip.
Create A Budget – Once you have picked your location and got an estimate of your vacation costs you can start putting away money. The best way of doing this is setting a goal either each month or each week. This way the amount you have to save each time is smaller rather than trying to put away a couple

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.524969
Retrieved Text: Got Energy Leaks? Procrastination? Denial? Resentment? Forgiveness?
What Is Narcissistic Behavior? Believe Actions, Not Words!
How To Put Love First. Start Here.
Where does love start? How do you get enough to give? Some insights on love that may be new for you. Read on….
Healing After A Loss Takes Longer Than You Wish It Did!
How to Avoid “Holiday Hell” with Family, Friends & Partners!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.501247
Retrieved Text: Our passion is helping our audience members get organized, be more productive and have a more simplified lifestyle.
Kathy’s rates for speaking engagements and workshops vary according to scope of project, location and audience size.
Do you feel overwhelmed by too much clutter? Do you want to be organized but not sure where to start? This workshop is designed to give you the tools so you can lose clutter and get organized! Common problem areas of the home will be discussed along with tips on how to get organized and stay organized.
Do you have a stack of files that need to be filed? Do you find you are losing precious time by trying to find your files? This workshop will provide you with tips on how to create a systematic filing system that work for your needs. It will also include efficient work habits to help increase your work productivity. This workshop is ideal for someone wanting to organize their out of home office, home office or family paperwork.
Moving/Downsizing – Where do I start?
Are you or a family member moving or downsizing and you don’t know where to start? This workshop will answer all your questions and give you suggestions on when to start decluttering, selling or donating your items, packing, hiring a real estate agent, lawyer, retirement home counsellor etc. Tips will be provided so that your move goes smooth and unpacking and organizing your new home will be stress-free.
Do you feel there is not enough time in the day to do everything you want to do?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.491268
Retrieved Text: What Time Does Christmas Dinner Normally Start?
There is no "rule of thumb" on the time. It can be the decision of the the hostess having the dinner. Or it can be discussed with family/friends who are at the dinner as to what time is best for everyone. When we host dinner at our house, we usually have dinner around 4 or 5:00 in the afternoon. But guests arrive sooner in order to visit and have appetizers/drinks, etc. This year my daughter is having at her house and we are eating at 2:30. So the time varies for each person.
It varies from household to household. Many families begin the feast at noon and others begin it at 6 p.m. It is appropriate to allow the main cook/hostess to choose the hour she wishes to have the meal on the table. The hostess should always be allowed to dictate the hour at which the meal is to begin. This year, at my house, I plan to have the Christmas meal ready and on the table between noon and 1p.m.
We have dinner at 3pm sharp (coincidentally coincides with the Queen's speech). It is rude for you to try and dictate the time the dinner is served if you are not the host. Christmas Day is hard enough for the host without lots of people turning up at random times. Bear in mind, the host may have other family members or chores and visits to do on Christmas Day and therefore the meal should be served at the hosts convenience,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.485591
Retrieved Text: You know how important it is to have a Contact List to grow your business, but how do you add to it every day? Check out the tips below and this short video on How to Find More People.
Family & Friends: Every friend and every family member is a potential person you can help. Don’t prejudge anyone. Write down the names of everyone you know. Even if they aren’t ready right now to join you, that doesn’t mean they won’t be ready in the near future.
Social Media: Meet new people and share your story on social media. Look for new groups to join and start conversations about relevant topics – or start your own group! Look at what others are posting on your friends walls and make comments. Remember to always get to know people first and build a relationship before inviting to your Challenge Group.
Wear & Share: Be proud of what you do and the programs you represent. Wearing branded apparel or always carrying your Shakeology cup is a great way to start conversations. Next time you are running errands or attending a school function wear your gear. Just remember to smile; you’re representing your own business and Team Beachbody.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.481464
Retrieved Text: Are you thinking about completing and filing forms and documents to start a family law action in the Court of Queen’s Bench, Family Division? Before you do, consider watching these videos. They explain the importance of doing things correctly and the consequences if you do not. They encourage you to consider alternatives to going to court and to get legal advice. They also explain some common mistakes that people make when they represent themselves. Finally, they offer some suggestions for putting your best case forward if you do go to court.
How do I know if I should take my case to court? What are the alternatives?
How can I reduce the impact of separation on the children?
Why should I see a lawyer and how do I find one?
I can't afford a lawyer. What should I know about representing myself?
What should I know about filling in family law forms?
Where do I file for Divorce and what happens next?
How do I start a family law action for a matter other than Divorce?
What are some of the common mistakes people make when filing Court documents?
What should I know about "serving" documents?
I have to prepare an affidavit. What should be in it?
What should I know about preparing my case for court?
What should I know about presenting my case in court?
How does a judge decide when parents do not agree on custody and access?
Why should I see a lawyer, and how do I find one?
I can’t afford a lawyer. What should I know about representing myself?
Where do I file for Divorce, and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.399069
Retrieved Text: Am I Ready To Start A Business Now?
Nowadays everybody wants to be an entrepreneur. Do you think you are ready to start a successful business? Prepare to find out.
You could’ve been a millionaire by now!
You are actually late! Start working on your business as soon as possible, because the market is waiting for you.
You are absolutely ready. So if you hear a little voice in your head saying you’re not – don’t believe it! It’s not that scary.
Maybe you like the idea of owning a business, but except fun, this is a huge responsibility. It seems to us you need to live a little more.
Do you feel ready to start a business?
Are you in a relationship?
How good are you with time management?
Are you clear on your business idea?
Do you have savings or passive income of some sort?
How many of your friends have their own business?
Does anyone in your family have a business?
How do you handle money?
How devoted are you to the idea of having a business?
If you enjoyed this, please like us. Thanks!
Is My Business Idea Viable?
What Kind Of Man Is Right For Me?
How Big Of A Business Is Right For You?
Forgot Password? Sign UpDon't have an account?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.374743
Retrieved Text: With the year coming to end soon, that means a new year is upon us and feeling ambitious – How To Make Family New Year’s Resolutions.
New year, new goals, new things to try.
Instead of trying to come up with individual New Year’s resolutions, try to come up with family New Year’s resolutions.
Winter – tobogganing, skating or skiing!
Do one physical activity together as a family each week (nightly walk, swimming, snowshoeing at night, the possibilities are endless!
Start a new family tradition of baking together once a month or learning a new recipe.
On New Year ’s Day sit down as a family and talk about some activities you want to do as a family.
Get creative and draw them out (fun for little kids), add them to your monthly calendar or created a Family Resolutions board on Pinterest!
At the end of each month, go back and see if you’ve managed to reach each resolution or goal for that month and start planning what’s coming up!
Take the stress out of New Year’s resolutions by creating family resolutions/goals that you can do together.
Keep them simple, achievable and fun!
If you are still looking for ideas of what to do on New Year’s Eve – Family Fun New Year’s Even Party Ideas can get you started!
Have you ever thought about doing Family New Year’s Resolutions?
Related reading; Celebrate New Year’s Eve With Your Kids, 12 Resolutions to Make Anytime and Fun Family Christmas Tradition Ideas.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.360921
Retrieved Text: How do I survive current politics at family gatherings?
I'm headed to my partner's family's house for Thanksgiving. My partner and I do not agree with his family on political issues and I have a feeling that there will be discussions about the Midterms and other issues. I'm not sure how to handle them, if I don't just hide away in the bathroom and ride it out. Any advice for surviving the holidays with a family on the other side of the big political divide?
My mom went to prison for drugs, the first time, when I was seven years old. When my mom was arrested again, five weeks before my wedding, everything came crashing down on me.
How do you keep the peace at joint family gatherings?
Our families are pretty different — liberal vs republican, generational differences, religious vs atheist — and once the drinks start flowing, it's hard to manage the interactions. The whole thing makes me super anxious, and I don't even want to have a birthday party for our kid because it will mean bringing the families together.
How do you manage different families? How do you keep the peace and still enjoy yourself at joint gatherings?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.354582
Retrieved Text: People today are waiting longer to have children or start a family. That doesn’t mean that they don’t have financial needs or shouldn’t start planning for the future. Retirement savings should start as soon as possible. Developing a savings plan helps the dreams of today become realities of tomorrow.
How do I start saving for my retirement?
How can I fund my own business?
How can I buy my first home?
How can I protect myself and my job incase I become disabled?
We all start somewhere, at some point. Let Strong Financial be the spring board that helps you stay ahead of the pack.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.333839
Retrieved Text: This has put mission work with children in a whole new light for me. Thanks for offering suggestions of what to do instead. Those are the kinds of practical things that help me give and pray more effectively.
You recieved compliments at your Church setting because you see the problem with orphanages. However, Let's start the real discussion on where we can actually begin with a solution. The answer is simple, yet very complicated. We, as Christians, have to get the culture we serve in to change how they cycle the orphans. I believe children raised in a traditional orphanages are not equipped to be successful as a family in the future, thus repeating an ancient and horrible cycle. We must teach family skills to them by being part of a core family. Foster families and adoptive families can break this cycle in children albeit not as well as the family of origin. Back to the start of the solution, teach, mentor and change cultures to be successful families. End the orphanage support and start the family unit care system all over the world. My favorite following line here is, "get off your donkey and serve." Go and do. Teaching all nations. What say you?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.331084
Retrieved Text: Remind yourself of your hopes and goals- one year from now, what will “healthier” look like to you, and what will you be able to do as a result?
Your questions- on the night or email me and I will discuss with the group if you want.
By special request here are some low carb ideas for those of you who are on the road or in the air, and wonder what you can eat as a low carber.
Family challenges- do your family do low carb, or how do you adapt to people eating different ways in your family? How can you help reduce the sugar intake of your children or grandchildren? Make them recipes from this site!
Have a look at these FAQ – I will also provide a laminated list at the meeting.
This is the last meeting of the cycle- please do give me some feedback before we start on the next one.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.323004
Retrieved Text: How do you know where to start your family building journey?
The very first thing you should do when evaluating a clinic is verify that it is a member of SART, a non-profit organization that sets the standards for infertility care. When you start with SART, you can rest assured that you are getting the highest quality of care.
We share the same goal – making every effort to help you build the family you’ve always dreamed of.
SART clinics are committed to the highest quality standards of care.
All clinics are required to advertise truthfully.
SART clinics accurately report outcomes so that you, the patient, can trust your provider.
All SART clinics work with nationally accredited laboratories to assure the best possible reproductive environments.

================



======= Instance Index 3804 =========
Input Text: Evening comes after what?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- sunset
- daytime
- dawn
- night
- early morning

Target Text: daytime

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.658508
Retrieved Text: “Don’t forget what Mom said about sharing!
What fun! Your post brought a smile to my face which was weary and worn out after a stormy day of teaching and rain and more rain as I graded this evening. I am getting to this much after it was posted, but I really needed something to make me smile now.
I get that sometimes, especially when nothing sensible comes for a prompt!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.321112
Retrieved Text: When it comes to flavored coffees, we probably have what you're looking for. But if you think we're missing something you like, just give us a call and we will try to add it to our list. All flavors are available in Regular, Decaf and LITE.
Just like the candy. Coconut, Chocolate and Amaretto Flavoring.
The name says it all. Almond, Vanilla and Cinnamon Flavoring.
Amaretto, Butterscotch and Caramel Flavoring.
Amaretto and English Toffee Flavoring.
Just like the liqueur -a strong almond extract flavor.
The taste of Jamaican Rum, nuts, bananas, and hints of brown sugar.
A elegant early evening coffee.
Blueberry, Cinnamon, and Crumb cake Flavoring.
The name says it all. An evening coffee with a hint of butter and a splash of rum.
The name says it all. An evening coffee.
An evening coffee. Butterscotch and English Toffee Flavoring.
Coconut and Butter Rum Flavoring.
An after dinner coffee. Combination of amaretto, vanilla and cherry flavoring.
Just like it sounds. Cherry and Vanilla Flavored.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.232859
Retrieved Text: When it comes to that time of night, when you can unwind after a long day, what better motivation to relax than this gorgeous tin sign. The sign depicts a beautiful enamel bath on a decadent pink background. Fill that bath and follow the instructions on the sign for the perfect evening.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 13.820484
Retrieved Text: Jo Walker’s cabaret evening of duets comes to Don’t Tell Mama on 46th Street NYC Friday October 26th at 9:30. Come join us with an evening of song and friendship.
After a successful run at The Secret Theatre’s LIC One-Act Festival, Emily Welty’s “What Do You Say at the End of the World” as an encore performance at TADA Theater in Midtown NYC. Join us October 13, 2018!
Neal is directing "What Do You Say at the End of the World" by Emily Welty in the 2018 LIC One-Act Play Festival at The Secret Theatre. Starring Jon Lawlor and Taylor Lynne. The show contains sound design by Roni Pillischer and is assistant directed by Rosalie Burke. Our production is part of Program E and tickets are available on The Secret Theatre's Website. Running July 14-August 2.
Otis Sallid (Choreographer), Victor Malana Maog (Director) and Neal Kowalsky (Associate Director) in rehearsals South Pacific at Drury Lane Theatre (Illiniois) Spring 2018.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 13.813373
Retrieved Text: Mariah Carey Greets Fans After Concert in Buffalo - Lauren's Adventures!
Mariah Carey, known for her vocal range and songs like “All I want For Christmas is You” and “We Belong Together” performed in Buffalo, New York over the weekend.
Huge fans and stalker sisters, Shari and Jenna left Cleveland to see Carey perform a 169 miles away. When the concert was over they were able to scratch meeting Mariah Carey off of their bucket list.
It was a cold evening but Carey made her way over to the crowd, she signed for everyone who was there. However, since the mob of people were loud and began to push, selfies could not happen.
What a wonderful evening! Thanks to Mariah for making my friends year!
Previous Previous post: Thomas Ian Nicholas Comes to Mentor, Ohio.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.699277
Retrieved Text: For me, one of my favorite after dinner drinks is the ever popular White Russian. Most of us know what a white russian is, but not all of us know the origin of the drink. I find it fascinating how something like the white russian becomes so popular and secondly how did the combination or liqueurs and flavors get put together? Who made it? All these things go through my mind when I find a drink like this.
For the origination of the white russian we first need to visit the black russian. The drink is said to have been created in 1949 by Gustave Tops, a Belgian bartender who created the drink at a hotel called the Hotel Metropole in Brussels. The drink is said to honor Perle Mesta, then US Ambassador to Luxembourg. Ole Perle, must have drank his fair share. The Russian part of the name comes obviously from the vodka and the black part comes for the dark chocolate color of the coffee liqueur, Kahlua.
That leads us then to the white russian, a twist to the black russian. Credit for the white russian discovery is given to the Oakland Tribune back in 1965, as it was in the paper as an insert, with the ingredients listed. Okay, so that's the simple history behind the drink, but what makes it so popular. How does word travel so fast that people try this drink, love it, and just like that it becomes popular in our every day world? That designation probably belongs to the the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.686845
Retrieved Text: If one thinks about evenings what is the first thing that comes to your mind? Of course the day light getting mixed with the night light. Evenings are a thing which relaxes one’s soul. It is that time of the day when you really feel like relaxing after a tiring day, because I guess everyone deserves some rest at the end of the day after staying busy the whole day at work.
But what if these evenings are spent in a desert that also in the famous desert of Dubai that is Desert safari Dubai. Just imagine the amount of peace you will get y seeing the darkness of the night covering the brightness of the day. The redness of the sun getting mixed with the redness of the sand dunes. What a moment it would be.
Have you ever tried finding the specialty of evening desert safari in Desert Safari Dubai?
Let me tell you the reason behind evening desert safari’s popularity in Desert Safari Dubai. The reason is sunsets. Sunsets in a desert can be the best combo one could have here at evening desert safari. You must have seen a lot of sunsets on a daily basis but you must not have seen it deserts or if you have seen it before so you must be aware about the feeling that you get after seeing sunsets in deserts. When the sun starts getting hide in the red sand dunes of desert safari the view at that time cannot be described in words. You can also take

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.460431
Retrieved Text: New year -Holy Day of Obligation, Masses will be at 7:30 am and 7:00 pm will be bilingual.
Dec 12, Virgin de Guadalupe: Mananitas will start at 5:30 am, with the rosary and music, followed by pan dulce and hot chocolate. Evening Mass will be at 7:00 pm, with activities starting at 5:30 pm. Again we will be serving pan dulce and hot chocolate after Mass.
Immaculate Conception is a holy day of obligation, because it falls on Saturday, there will only be 1 Mass at 8:30 am in the church to fulfill that obligation. Saturday evening and Sunday Masses will be as usual. Saturday evening Masses will be the Sunday readings.
CELEBRATING THE EASTER SEASON -April 23, 24 and 25, 2018 7:00 p.m. Fr. Mark’s first assignment as a priest was here at All Saints! He is excited to return to lead our parish mission. In 2016 he was commissioned by Pope Francis as a Missionary of Mercy. He will have just returned from a second audience with the Holy Father in early April 2018 when he comes to consider with us: What do we mean by God’s “mercy” and “love”? How do we concretely experience them? How do we live them in our lives as disciples of Jesus? Join us for this inspiring and enriching three evening mission.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.424634
Retrieved Text: Then, different than a stage show is one of the most special parts of the evening — the part that comes after all the storytellers have shared. A social hour where we all get to mingle with each other. It's a chance to meet the storytellers, reflect on what we've just heard, and hope and dream together in solidarity for a better future.
The event will take place at The LGBT Center in Manhattan in room 301.
So, reserve a ticket. Come with your friends. Be prepared to open your heart as your neighbors share stories of what it means to them to be queer.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.402329
Retrieved Text: In Flamenco music, artists speak of Duende — the magical moment in a performance when the spirit of Flamenco comes out in the dance, song, or rhythms of the guitar. I am not sure what the culinary equivalent is, but last week at a special dinner in Oakland, I tasted the Duende that was created in Camino’s kitchen to honor Chef Marcus Samuelsson. And by the end of the evening, I was inspired by a truly memorable meal.
Thanks to a tweet by Omnivore Books, I found out about the event just before it sold out. And after picking up a copy of Yes, Chef and learning more about Marcus, I knew I had to go to the dinner. In many ways, his story reminded me of the cultural fusion in Peruvian cuisine, and I could only imagine the wonderful flavors that awaited from someone who was born in Ethiopia, grew up in Sweden, apprenticed in France, and now has a restaurant in Harlem.
The five-course menu for the evening was selected by Camino’s Chef Russell Moore, who told me that he chose dishes by Marcus that could be prepared in Camino’s kitchen which featured a fireplace as the center piece — perfect for grilling the duck breast. Throughout the evening, eating each dish was like listening to a song that told a story about Marcus, about where he came from, and about spices from around the world that were as diverse as his background.
It was also a pleasure to hear Marcus talk about the cultural parallels between

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.379831
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Third Annual FTA “A Summer Evening in Bangkok with Very Special Friends”. We gather in New York City spring and fall, at Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Beijing, Bangkok, Mumbai, Shanghai and Hong Kong to recognize hospitality excellence; in the names of those whom we honor, provide scholarships at schools of higher hospitality education; and to make charitable contributions.
This evening we come together to recognize hospitality industry Excellence, announce the 2010 scholarships and donate to charity. This is truly a very special evening for us all and I thank you for joining us, because as I say at every FTA dinner, YOU are the dinner.
Hospitality is about service and in particular service excellence. Service is truly the highest calling. It is not what we do for ourselves, but what we do for others that is the measure of our worth to humanity. And simply because it is the right thing to do: Not for personal recognition.
Life is a series of micro steps from the time we arrive to the time we depart and the quality of our life is but a reflection of the quality of our contribution to the peace and happiness of others: It is not about pleasing ourselves or collecting “things”: It is about serving others and after one’s basic, personal needs are met, allowing what remains of what comes our way to pass through our fingers for the benefit of those less fortunate.
I ask everyone to please remember those less fortunate, especially the survivors of the earthquakes in Haiti, Chile and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.277069
Retrieved Text: I heard this on a film and when I try and decompose it using sentence diagramming I get stuck trying to define what each word's function is.
Is it possible someone define each each word please?
The sentence: "I have something important to tell you."
I don't think definitions are what you need. You probably know what all the words making up that sentence mean. What you really want is to understand the structure of the sentence.
"Something" is modified two times consecutively. It is first modified by the adjective "important," which can be considered a reduced relative clause. "Something" is then modified by "to tell you," a nonfinite relative clause.
I have something to tell you that is important.
I have something which is important which I need to tell you.
I have something which I need to tell you which is important.
Thanks for the reply. I'll be honest, I'll need to do more work to understand.
I'll be honest, I'll need to do more work to understand.
The sentence pattern is SVO. The subject is "I," the verb is "have," and the direct object is "something important to tell you," which is one noun phrase.
You might want to work on the sentences "I have something," "I have something important" and "I have something to tell you," which your example combines.
What initially confused me was the placement of "important" which is different from where most adjectives are placed (attributive position - before the noun).
But in this one, its Verb + Object + Adjective.
Much appreciated. I have just purchased this book, which after previewing is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.24024
Retrieved Text: Is it possible to deliver my parcel in the evening?
Evening primrose oil comes in capsules, which can be taken orally or inserted vaginally. While there is no standard dosage, it’s standard to take 500 to 2000 milligrams daily after the 38th week... Parcel accepts the package and sends you a notification text, with four one-hour windows for home delivery that evening (Sunday through Friday, from 7-11pm). Parcel can keep packages for up to 30 days if you're away or unavailable.
If the delivery fails, it will automatically be re-attempted the following evening. After two failed delivery attempts your order will be returned back to ASOS for a refund of the purchased goods. After two failed delivery attempts your order will be returned back to ASOS for a refund of the purchased goods.
Get something to drink. For a really relaxing evening, make decaf coffee, tea, or hot cocoa. Add whipped cream, or even a cherry, to jazz up your drink.
The Same-Day and Get it Today filters are only active before the Same-Day (Evening Delivery) cut-off deadline if you are logged into Your Account, and have a default address within a Same-Day (Evening Delivery) eligible area.
Get your glow on after dark with our selection of stunning women's evening dresses. Take your pick from modern LBDs and playful mini dresses, to drape front maxi silhouettes and high-low hem details.
I ordered a phone yesterday. When I got the UK mail details I tried to ask for an evening delivery. I logged in 3 times and 3 times I requested an evening

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.178217
Retrieved Text: This page was initially created to honor my late mother-in-law "MIR" who passed away June 8 2017 at the age of 88 years.
She has given birth to eight children, of whom three died as small, and the oldest was 12 years old when their father died, so she stood alone with five children in a small hut.
She provide them with what she could do during the day and during the evening to wander with it, the 10 km to the market in the main town Nan, slept and woke up and sold what she had and went home again.
First for about 12 years ago, she tried to get outside this area, sleeping in a hotel room and run in elevator etc.
how Thailand is outside the well-known tourist spots.
I'm Danish, and has lived in Cha-Am and Nan in nearly 15 years with my Thai wife "Lamai" and has long wanted to tell the world a little bit about the difference between Thailand and the Western world.
What I write about this funeral and Thais are what I personally feel, perceive and see.
This funeral comes, therefore, as an obvious topic to tell a little about the Thais.
She died on 8 June at as written at 22.15 in the hospital in Nan.
"Just short of a public thai hospital, there has to be family and/or friends with the patient 24 hours a day to help with hygiene and otherwise take care of the patient, the doctors and nurses taking care of the medical. On the other hand, all Thais can come

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.13038
Retrieved Text: Something never come back if you miss it! All Wholesale Cocktail Evening Dresses shown to you in this page are what you never wanna to miss. The collection of Wholesale Cocktail Evening Dresses here is characterized not only with top quality, but also delicate work. What's better, all of such Wholesale Cocktail Evening Dresses are marked with low price. This type of chance never comes back. Characterized with this advantage, LuxuryEvening have been enjoying highly popular as one leading Wholesale Cocktail Evening Dresses wholesaler in shopping online. The quality and service is the best label. Luxury Evening is the right one for you.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.128747
Retrieved Text: Home Entertainment And Then What?
Fiona (Lizanne Peters), Anne (Heather Crafford) Collin (Shaun Saal) and Bryan (Anton Schfer) down another shot in And Then What?
An original play written and directed by Werner Asher Steffen called And Then What? is being staged at the Milnerton Playhouse until Saturday April 13.
The comedy drama explores the theme of chasing a dream, sometimes to our own detriment, without giving much thought as to what comes next.
Set in a café-bar (The Office) in the Cape Town inner city, three friends meet up on a summer’s evening for what is supposed to be quiet, after-work drinks.
What ensues, however, might just change the trajectory of their lives and the decisions that they make, whether for better or for worse.
Tickets cost from R85 to R95 and R75 for members.
To book email bookings@milnertonplayers.com or call 082 267 1061.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.121836
Retrieved Text: Typically, we think of Autumn as the end of allergy season. Unfortunately, the cooler weather isn’t going to bring much relief this year, with both pollen and mold counts at all time highs, thanks to a moist, hot summer.
Susan Littlefield, a horticulturist at the National Gardening Association says that the problem for allergy sufferers comes from wind born pollen, and while that’s not what you find on your garden flowers, it is what is in the air from weeds, grass and ragweed this fall season.
So what can you do to avoid the problematic pollens? For starters, avoid gardening in the afternoon hours. Pollen counts are much higher in the afternoon than they are in the early morning or evening. Also, take advantage of our recent showers, and head to the garden just after rain clears up. You’ll have an easier time pulling those weeds, and until the sun comes out to dry up the pollen, you’ll have a few hours of relief.
Lastly, wear proper attire to garden, including sunglasses, gloves and a hat. When you come back indoors, go straight to the shower to remove any pollen that stuck to your clothes or hair.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.11102
Retrieved Text: She does not disappoint! I have had the desire to write about this magnificent artist for quite some time. I watched her clips as she won what felt like every competition she entered. And this evening, after a long and beautiful day teaching in London, my Medicitv app sent me the reminder about the Tucker Gala this evening. Medici does not tell me what she sang, but it was Zarzuela! And Nadine Sierra rocked it! She has a rock solid technique, needed for the many Bel Canto challenges she takes on! She is an attractive woman, but that is not why we applaud her. Her musicality is impeccable, as I remember her in a particular French mélodie she rocked in one of her competitions. She is elegant vocally, musically and personally!
That is Nadine singing Gilda opposite the ultimate Rigoletto of the last two generations, the inimitable Leo Nucci. She not only rises to the occasion! She takes it! As a young star should.
I am a confirmed fan and wish this wonderful artist the best in her future! In a world that eats great talent alive, this wonderful singer has navigated the tough waters and comes out sailing!
Merry Christmas: The World Is Full Of Dramatic Voices!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.062437
Retrieved Text: Today, I want to make short note about this favorite to many ladies product, which is already more than decade on the market - SILK BEAUTY ANTI-PERSPIRANT ROLL ON WITH SILK PROTEINS & EVENING PRIMROSE OIL by ORIFLAME.
It's very light product for daily use, very gentle to the skin with lovely fresh flower scent, especially applied soon, after the shower. Suitable in combination with floral perfumes. It's long lasting and has softening effect.
The product comes in large plastic roll-on bottle, 50 ml.
Product with very good qualities. Seems, it does, what it claims to do.It keeps you dry and fresh for hours.
Thank you, for your appreciation!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.022224
Retrieved Text: We are looking forward to welcoming the Pipes and Drums of the Atlantic Watch back to Bermuda on July 25th. They will be participating in the Hamilton Beating Retreat Ceremony that evening. We hope everyone comes out to what will undoubtedly be an enjoyable evening!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.019885
Retrieved Text: Love is in the air…Valentine’s day is tomorrow! Are you ready? If not, don’t worry. I’ve got you covered.
I am sharing with you my top 4 beauty tips to be and feel gorgeous for that unique occasion!
Get that smooth and unbelievably soft skin by buffing away dead cells and impurities. Opt for a gentle skincare exfoliant such as the Kimberly Sayer gentle Almond and Lavender exfoliant (see HERE) or the Madara Peel mask (see HERE) to simply reveal a more luminous complexion. For the body, I love the Ren Moroccan Rose Otto body polish (see HERE) for its incredible smoothing action on the skin.
Embrace that satin-feel and shimmering skin after massaging the body with a luxurious oil after showering.You don’t need a lot but a few drops will do miracles in hydrating the skin while enveloping it with a delicate scent your loved one will not forget! Best is to apply onto damp skin- without forgetting to apply a small amount onto the pulse points (wrists, inner elbow etc). I strongly recommend the Bodhi&Birch body oils (see HERE), the most aromatic body oils I know on the market!
Dare to try something new for that special evening especially when it comes to lipsticks and colors. At the end of the day, you don’t need to have the “perfect “makeup look but a unified complexion and a nice red touch on the lip will be enough to give you that wow factor. RMS beauty offers a range of fabulous lip balms with really interesting shades- the Content shade

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.012696
Retrieved Text: What is Veritas MCMLXII posting about?
Late yesterday evening an industry insider leaked this video to me and swore that I must keep them anonymous… Can anyone say stealth marketing?
Anyway after mercilessly mocking them about it I decided it’s worth a post anyway as it’s quite cool.
And about two seconds after the video starts I instantly thought of XCom, especially with the recent announcement that the FPS XCom title is coming back but this time it’s in third person view.
You can read Darryn’s take on that here but then after that video was posted the following one hit the airwaves. This one is way cooler and points to a conspiracy with the Russian meteorite.
So that’s all we have, do you think I’m on the right track when it comes to this being stealth marketing for XCom Declassified or is this something entirely new?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.992174
Retrieved Text: So my brother Patrick and a long time family friend Ben decided they wanted to get into their creative side by coming to North Dakota. Patrick is a photographer and Ben shows his World with video. Both amazing at their craft, they came to apply it to the horses I have been hanging out with for months.
They showed up and went right to work spending several days shooting from first light well into the evening. Kind of what I expected from them both. Frank was very accommodating, which helped them get some pretty amazing stuff !
I am excited to see what comes of it all after they return back to their cities and begin the post production.
Was great seeing you both !
Hitching Post in North Dakota.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.961008
Retrieved Text: This comes after a series of efforts made by towns to remove statues that honor generals and commanders from the Confederate Army. These efforts have caused the KKK, white supremacists, and neo-fascist Nazis to protest in Charlottesville, and the death of Heather Heyer. After a statement from the President – which was nationally condemned – many came to the President’s defense as well as advocates for keeping Civil War monuments.
The day after the President came to Springfield to speak about his upcoming tax plan, vandals took to a Confederate monument and painted on the statue. It is not clear what they wrote or what their intentions are behind the graffiti. The Greenville Sheriff’s Department is investigating the event.
House leadership showed appreciation for his apology shortly after the apology was issued.
Lt. Gov. Mike Parson echoed the Governor in a statement.
“Representative Warren Love’s recent social media post is unacceptable and inexcusable,” Parson said. “Regardless of the context or situation, no elected official should call for violence against anyone. I agree with Governor Greitens that Representative Love must face the consequences for his actions.
House Democratic leadership made a statement Wednesday evening. This story will be updated.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.900863
Retrieved Text: Pittsburgh’s improved recruiting continues under first-year coach Jeff Capel. On Monday evening, Pitt landed a commitment from 4-star small forward Gerald Drumgoole. The 6-foot-6 wing is Pitt’s first 2019 commitment, too.
Drumgoole’s decision comes right after his official visit to the school. Over the last few months, Drumgoole also visited Maryland, Minnesota and South Carolina. According to 247 Sports, Drumgoole is the No. 116 prospect in their 2019 composite rankings.
He plays his prep ball at La Lumiere School (Rochester, N.Y.) with 5-star center Isaiah Stewart, who recently committed to Washington over Duke and Syracuse.
Benchwarmer Notes: What do Marques Bolden and Elijah Thomas have in common?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.875277
Retrieved Text: All I can say is stunning and elegant!. What a romantic gown from Glam Dreams.. As the name says it .. Black Pearl and Laces.. and look at the back of this dress.. This is a must have for that romantic evening. Grab the link and go on over to Glam Dreams.. this dress comes in other colors too and with pearl color clutch bag, black gloves with hud.. what else do you need for that romantic evening.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.874239
Retrieved Text: Most of the individuals do their exercise before anything else in the morning between 6am to 8 am, or on their meal break between 2pm to 4 pm, or in the evening between 5pm to 7pm. However there is some other time of the day to exercise, that is, in the late evening, any time after 7pm. It is not the most widely recognized of exercise times, but rather for the individuals that work late, drive long distances, or have a different work routine, it is the perfect time to do it.
No stress or time pressure: Rather than rushing back to work, you can work out around evening time without any responsibilities or pressures. You have more possibility to work out without emphasizing on what comes next.
You&apos;ll have more quiet mornings: There is no need to pack your gym bag in the morning, along with your work bag, & then complete your workout within a limited time & rush to the office. In other words you will have a less hurried morning. You may even have time for a legitimate breakfast.
Great for decompressing: After a busy day at the workplace, nothing helps you take your psyche off anxiety & work pressures like an exercise. You can do cycling, lifting & running & let your tensions & issues go away.
Reduced Stress during the day: With night exercises, you can sleep later, make the most of your meal break & spend quality time with your kids after work, knowing you will fit your exercise in later.
Better musculoskeletal performance:

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.84617
Retrieved Text: If you read my Facebook or Twitter posts over the weekend you would have seen that I attended the Schoolies Festival 2013 at Victor Harbor, SA as a VIP Guest and had been invited by Encounter Youth, the organisation that puts on the event in that state. When they first offered me the opportunity there was a part of me that hesitated - was this really a place for a man of my age to attend (apparently we're called 'droolies' - over 25s who attend Schoolies!) and would I be intruding on what really is a young person's event? When I was told that they run a VIP Tour for sponsors and other interested parties prior to the evening starting to show how the weekend festival is organised and rolled out, I knew I had to be a part of it!
They're just doing what we did: Are young risky drinkers really drinking like their parents did?
One of my favourite lines from a parent usually comes up when they approach me after a Parent Information Evening. They start by thanking me for the talk and then the conversation wanders a bit and you can tell there is something they want to get off their chest ... there was something about what I said that they didn't agree with. You can almost see it bubbling up inside them ... the desperate need to say, "but they're only doing what we did!"
Would you ever consider hosting a teenage party? If so, is there anything you can do to keep

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.800753
Retrieved Text: Just last week we featured a story of one of our team members losing a massive buck on an out-of-state hunt. All the stars aligned and the buck was found and made the 1,000 mile journey back to Louisiana. This time it was our contributor that found a buck on Tensas NWR, and he immediately knew what needed to be done.
After climbing down that evening sure enough the buck had been shot and Chris began his inspection. The cold weather over the weekend had preserved it perfectly and the meat appeared to still be good. He called the game wardens who had him tag the buck. After the drag out he brought it home to gut it, then took it straight to the meat processor.
After making the initial post this morning about the lost deer we began receiving a number of comments and messages asking about the unclaimed buck. There were apparently over a dozen bucks wounded and lost this weekend which was quite disturbing to learn. One hunter that I spoke with was in the area but couldn’t describe the buck. Another hunter knew of a woman that had lost a buck in that area, which was even closer to where Chris located it. Through a few Facebook searches we were able to speak with Danielle McKeithen. She was very close to the spot and described the general makeup of the buck. But more importantly she described perfectly where the entry and exit should be. She described one side of the rack as “wonky” to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.79877
Retrieved Text: We are excited to announce two special Pearl Jam live performances to take place in London, Ontario and at Chicago’s Wrigley Field in July 2013. Both evenings will be An Evening with Pearl Jam; there will not be an opening band for either performance date.
*Fall Tour dates in the US will be announced in the coming months.
Chicago IL – Sat, Feb 9th 10am local time at www.tickets.comLondon, ON – Sat, Feb 9th 10am local time at www.budweisergardens.com/events, by phone at 1.866.455.2849, or in person at the Box Office or Ticket Outlets.
Nothing about Israel there so where did the url come from?
I know what to do. Let's google, "Pearl Jam announces one show in Israel in July 2014". Note, it's in quotes because I'm feeling lucky. Now what comes up?
בלעדי לקהילת המוזיקה של הקפה!
להקת Pearl Jam הודיעה במסיבת עיתונאים מצומצמת על תאריך אחד להופעה בישראל בפארק גני יהושע,תל אביב.
ההופעה תהיה ללא להקת חימום ותהיה נטו פרל ג'אם.
Public Sale tickets:Will be open three months before the show at the local boots and ticket offices in Israel.
After years of anticipation from the audience in Israel, members of Pearl Jam announced at a press conference this evening on a one date performance Joshua Park in Tel Aviv, Israel.
The band denied rumors about not reaching so far for political reasons.
Performance will be in style of an Evening with Pearl Jam so there will be no warm-up band.The band will be accompanied by dozens of members of the stage, lighting and sound.
Date concert set for Wednesday 07/16/2014.
Now I'd never heard of Pearl

================



======= Instance Index 6811 =========
Input Text: What is the opposite of beautiful?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- a witch
- plain
- homely
- overcast
- ugly

Target Text: homely

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.77166
Retrieved Text: The Perfect Home to Enjoy Summer!
A great renovator in a prime location opposite park. What an opportunity! Opposite beautiful Gregson Park and an easy stroll to cafes, schools and transport.
* Spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached, Torrens Title so no strata fees at all.
* Set on approximately 300m2 with generous rear grounds.
* Move in now and renovate to suit - or invest and renovate later.
* This is a rough diamond and a fantastic opportunity for rewards.
* Timber floors, built-ins and gas heating.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.557897
Retrieved Text: An asymmetrical design can look stunning and this which we made for one of our brides from Chicago, Illinois, USA, is a perfect example of what can be achieved when buying a wedding dress online. As you can see in the attached pictures, beautiful hand made beaded flowers adorn the dress from the shoulder across the bodice and down to the opposite hip. Underneath is a beautiful soft lace bodice with matching lace applique on the tulle skirt. Some of the photographs here show close up detail the quality of the lace and the skill of our workers in crafting such beautiful high quality gowns.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.262506
Retrieved Text: This beautiful sterling silver miraculous medal necklace slides open to reveal three layers. The first layer, just opposite the outer rosebud, contains an image of St. Joseph, and another of Mary. The inner layer of the necklace is a beautiful miraculous medal, with flowery detail surrounding the image. The third layer, which contains the back of the rosebud on its opposite side, contains an image of St. Therese, and another of the Sacred Heart. Measures 3/4″ by 1/2″.
This unique miraculous medal, with four beautiful additional images, is a great gift idea for a confirmation, birthday, or any special Catholic occasion!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.195376
Retrieved Text: An ancient dog breed, the Thai Ridgeback is also renowned as Mah Thai Lang Ahn. I love this breed and I think it’s the most unique and beautiful dog breed.
The Thai Ridgeback has a line of hair running along the back in the opposite direction to the rest of the coat. These beautiful, strong-willed and powerful dogs are usually used as livestock guardians.
Thai Ridgeback is a very intelligent breed. This dog is best kept by a consistent owner who has a good understanding of dog behavior.
Do you like these cuties? Do you have any pets? If so what are their names? Please comment below.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.156688
Retrieved Text: This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in clemence leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a bright combination of orange Poppy and gold hardware.
Orange Poppy goatskin lining with one opened pocket and one zippered pocket on opposite side.
This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in epsom leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a beautiful combination of alezan tone and gold hardware.
Alezan goatskin lining with one opened pocket and one zippered pocket on opposite side.
This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in togo leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a beautiful combination of Cuivre ( copper) tone and gold hardware.
Cuivre goatskin lining with one opened pocket and one zippered pocket on opposite side.
This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in togo leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a timeless combination of black tone and palladium hardware.
Black goatskin lining with one opened pocket and one zippered pocket on opposite side.
This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in epsom leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a beautiful combination of blue paon ( peacock) tone and gold hardware.
Blue paon goatskin lining with one opened pocket and one zippered pocket on opposite side.
This Hermes 30 cm Birkin in clemence leather is in pristine unworn condition with protective plastic intact on hardware. This Birkin has a amazing combination of red tomato tone and gold hardware.
Red tomato goatskin

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.110781
Retrieved Text: © 2018 Beloved Shiloh Shepherds. All rights reserved.
Our girl, Simone, won Best of Opposite at both shows held at the ISSDC Barktoberfest weekend.
She won over so many beautiful Shilohs at the show.
So very proud of her!
Beloved Sweet Mystic Dreamer “Simone” won multiple ICKC BEST IN SHOWS for August and September, 2016, dog shows.
She is one outstanding and beautiful Shiloh Shepherd with an incredible personality also.
Her flowing trot is amazing to watch. Laura and I are incredibly proud of Simone. So is her brother, Simon.
6 out of 8 Best of Breed in the July, 2016 ICKC Dog Show, Denver, PA.
She received 4 Group One and 2 Group Two and received two Reserve BEST IN SHOWS.
She also received the coveted “Best Bred By” of the show.
Simone was chosen out of many dogs at this show.
Simone and Simon won over 34 other Shilohs.
It doesn’t get any better than this and a dream come true!!!
Best Bred By and TOP DOG at the ICKC Denver, PA, May, 2016.
unknowing it would be awarded to his daughter, Simone.
An incredible and well deserved accomplishment for our girl!
Our stunningly beautiful girl, Simone, is out of the Teegan/Sage breeding. Simone did very well in the show ring as a puppy and now, as an adult, she is continuing the legacy of her Dad and Mom. In only one day, at the ICKC Dog Show, Simone took 3 out of 4 Best in Breed, 1 Best of Opposite, 2 Group Ones, 1 Group Two, a RESERVE BEST IN SHOW AND A BEST IN SHOW!
Simone is not only

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.077592
Retrieved Text: I have a100 % opposite sense of direction. But I don’t dare trust it.
I’m directionally challenged and am in awe of migrating birds. Nice haiku!
Beautiful. May I ask how do we write Haiku?
You’re welcome. Keep on with what you do best.
Very nice!! I like it, nature is amazing!
much substance, I love it!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.98342
Retrieved Text: What fun it is to replenish my birthday card collection in anticipation of upcoming celebrations! This one features Papertrey Ink's Shape Shifter Oval die layered over a blended blue and green panel...a hint or two lighter than Sunday Stamps' jewel toned inspiration photo. I stamped and cut the largest bloom from Verve's Kindness Matters to include some of the blending. The sentiment comes from Verve's Joyful Blooms. The big bloom is perfect for a glittered gem to add a little sparkle.
Thanks so much for visiting. Hope your Sabbath was full of rest and that tomorrow holds many opportunities to celebrate God's kindness.
Oh Christine, what a beautiful background you've created! That ornate oval looks lovely in our colors - such pretty flowers... Thanks so much for playing at Sunday Stamps!
Beautiful soft colors, Christine, and it's a joy to see that HA flower again! Thank you for sharing this with us at the Simon Says Stamp Wednesday challenge!
So beautiful! Love the fantastic blending on your flower.
Beautiful flower on top of flower pattern. I love the ombre transition from green to blue (and opposite in the background). Thank you for joining Sunday Stamps this week.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.974525
Retrieved Text: This is true for everyone who has enjoyed their life with full of him as when it Starts and ends!!! We Never realise as per the days passing through throughout we started at a same level and ends not what we want to become just what we are able to follow through it!!!
It’s our first year and our dazzling life starts new faces new persons and new me it was totally different from now my behaviour was totally opposite a guy with different opinions #rush attitute and no dreams inside that’s what I am 1st year I have enemies more than friends so always I annoy everyone and always frightened with most of the peoples I have got 3 of the beautiful friends in my life out of them now also 2 are my bestest one too !
Find solutions and take your time each and everything has solutions !! Of it won’t then there is no question!
Friendship is beautiful and rare !!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.882273
Retrieved Text: I had always heard what a nightmare construction could be, but our experience was completely the opposite. Our project was finished on time, on budget and was even more beautiful than we had expected.In this day and time of widespread shortcuts and half-truths for self gain, I can wholeheartedly assure you that Ken Dull is not cut from that mold. Wayne K. Rhodes Albert F. Rhodes, Inc.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.862775
Retrieved Text: Lush green natural beauty is what Hurricane Point in Chikhaldhara located in the Amravati district in Maharashtra offers. There is a garden here overlooking the deep valley opposite to it. An incredible view is what this point endows us with. Before seeing other places in this place we suggest visitors start their day by spending half an hour close to nature and its limitless creations.
Stay available in Chikhaldhara in Harshvarshan hotel and Jai Bahavai tourist hotel. The ideal time to visit this charmingly beautiful place is during monsoon mornings. Enjoy the experience of being here.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.84895
Retrieved Text: thousands of lives. I am surprised that the city is not more destroyed than it is, though scarcely a house has escaped without injury yet the majority can be repaired very easily. The city has some magnificent buildings, and before the rebellion ruined it the "city of hills" must have been very beautiful, its citizens proud and wealthy, and its ladies, gay and beautiful, yet now what a change has come over all its surrounding, what a pitiable sight it presents! but very few citizens are visible, these appear to draw rations from our government. None but government business is transacted at present. A great number of government boats are lying at the levee and crowds of soldiers are employed in loading and unloading them. The river is very narrow opposite the city. It is strange that any of the rebel transports should have passed the rebel batteries. The city has some beautiful mercantile edifices, which I hope will soon be filled with goods, that will be sold under the protection of the stars and stripes. The city has about 4,000 inhabitants before the war broke out. The people have very little to say.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.842665
Retrieved Text: Camberley House01263 823101work Guest AccommodationFriendly and comfortable family-run B&B in a beautiful Victorian house, situated in a quiet part of Sheringham, close to the beach and town centre. Views over-looking sea, town and countryside. Slipway and steps to the beach are immediately opposite. Breakfast is served in our bright and spacious dining room with sea view. Ample off-street parking.
Friendly and comfortable family-run B&B in a beautiful Victorian house, situated in a quiet part of Sheringham, close to the beach and town centre. Views over-looking sea, town and countryside. Slipway and steps to the beach are immediately opposite. Breakfast is served in our bright and spacious dining room with sea view. Ample off-street parking.
Proceed down Sheringham High Street towards seafront. Turn right at Lobster Pub into Wyndham Street. Nearly straight on into Cliff Road. Go to far end of Cliff Road, entrance on right opposite the slipway to beach and putting green.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.730412
Retrieved Text: Today I'm delighted to welcome Shari Slade, author of The Opposite of Nothing, to my blog. As you read her post, you'll probably guess what attracted me to her book.
I first got the idea for The Opposite of Nothing when the Manti Te’o scandal broke last year. I wanted to write a “catfish” story with a happy ending.
According to extremely unreliable internet sources, the name Tayber means “misfortune.” This is appropriate.
Callie is short for Callista, which comes from the Greek for “most beautiful.” No wonder she’s uncomfortable with it.
I purposefully omitted the name of the song Tayber sings along with in the car after he and Callie go to the movies. I wanted it to be whatever song the reader wished a crush would sing to them. For me…he’s singing Ana Ng by They Might Be Giants.
When Callie wallows in her guilty feelings, she plays a punk rock cover of the Fiona Apple song Criminal. As far as I know, there is no professionally recorded punk cover of that song. I so wish there was.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.56475
Retrieved Text: Opposite of the Virupaksha temple one see a wide street about a kilometre long in front is the Mathanga mountain. Near that you can find a beautiful two storied mantapa comprising of carved dandu kambas made of black storng dated to chalukyas. Near the mantapa is a gigantic Nandi idol opposite to Virupaksha temple called “Eduru Basavanna” means Basava facing Shiva.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.54913
Retrieved Text: It’s quite wonderful you can find what there is in common. Most minds have an inclination to do the opposite. Personally, I admit I lose myself in the background. When I read Tagore I’m reaching for colourful silks and smelling cardamom and turmeric.
According to Gallup, Connectivity is one of my biggest strengths. 🙂 As I read, characters become less embodied, unless the narrative focuses on the body itself. As I internalize their voices, they all become me. I had to keep picturing the beautiful Indian women I’ve known to maintain the appropriate mental image.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.529463
Retrieved Text: eBooks Art: A World of Words: First Paintings - First Words in 12 Languages [PDF] by Doris Kutschbach 100% free!
This beautiful introduction to art and language features some of the world's most beloved masterpieces as it entices children to discover art, language, objects, and colors. First pictures, first words--this familiar and time-proven book concept for young children is incorporated brilliantly in this multi-lingual art book. The works of Renoir, Kandinsky, Durer, Rousseau, Franz Marc, and others are featured in beautiful full-page reproductions. Opposite each image is a word that helps describe the painting--for instance "play," "bunny," "horse," "train." The words are presented in twelve different languages, each with their phonetic pronunciation. Organized thematically, the book touches on a child's everyday experience through simple and comforting images that will invite further investigation: What are the men playing with? What does the bunny's fur feel like? How many teddy bears do you see? Together adults and children can explore great works, planting the seeds for an appreciation of the world's masterpieces and the words to describe them.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.512278
Retrieved Text: The "Villa Edeltraud zum See" is nestled in the midst of a beautiful mountain scenery in the beautiful village of Seefeld in Tyrol.
Centrally but also quietly situated (on the edge of the pedestrian zone, opposite the Wildsee), our apartment house is the perfect starting point for your well-deserved holiday. The pedestrian zone with its shops, cafés and restaurants is only a 2-minute walk away. Directly opposite the villa is the idyllic Wildsee lake, which invites you to swim in summer or take a leisurely walk around the lake.
Our 6 newly renovated spacious apartments are suitable for 2-6 persons (depending on the type of apartment) and have the most modern equipment. Fully equipped kitchens, box spring beds, flat screens, hydromassage showers, balcony or terrace.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.43264
Retrieved Text: National Park De Veluwe is truly unique. There is a good reason why you can find beautiful Droomparken locations in this region. Directly on the Veluwemeer, in the woods and directly opposite the entrance of the National Park. Choose your location and book your unique holiday on the Veluwe.
Enjoy a great holiday on the Veluwe at one of our holiday parks! Enjoy the peace and quiet here, and experience the beautiful nature together with your partner, family or friends.
The Veluwe is an impressive and large nature reserve, where you can find forest, heathland and sandy plains. Our park is located in the middle of all this splendour; nature is literally on your doorstep! Immediately experience what it feels like to really relax. Relax and take time for each other, the beautiful surroundings of the Veluwe guarantee a great holiday.
Cool holiday homes for every budget!
At Droomparken, you always have a huge choice of different types of holiday homes. Fun Tiny Houses, beautiful design Cube houses, luxury villas or cosy chalets.
Always spacious, so that you can enjoy a wonderful holiday with your partner, family or friends. Surf our website and check out at which parks you want to book your favourite holiday home on the Veluwe.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.425089
Retrieved Text: Coqueta Mundo-Un modo de vida: Amanda's Heat!!! What coffee does to you!
It was a beautiful afternoon on Friday. We were transitioning from a busy work week into the weekend and decided to go to the beach.
Enjoying “coffee” we were all talking about the beautiful colors of mother nature while observing the sunset on the opposite side of the city.
Suddenly, Amanda felt the heat of her “coffee”, and ran to the shore and started to take her clothes off. Rob, her husband was the one who enjoyed the show the most, instead of stopping her, laughing out loud, he just walked her to go for it.
The temperature were 56 degrees F.
Me, just observing from the distance...with my jacket on!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.415995
Retrieved Text: This redwing blackbird stayed by our site the whole trip. I would feed him cereal and bread. He would sit and wait for me to go get something for him.
This dragonfly was taken in the Everglades. I love to look at their huge eyes. They are beautiful creatures.
This picture was taken from the beach by our camp site. This is the opposite view of the island that I posted yesterday. Yesterday, I was on top of the bridge looking to where I am standing in this picture. The first part of the bridge is what was made into a viewing site.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.410817
Retrieved Text: Beautiful! If I ever find the time for a new hobby, this is it. I used to cross stitch, but i have not picked up a needle since I started blogging. Interestingly, my Grandmother was the polar opposite from "crafty", but I have a set of blanket, jacket, and booties that she crocheted for me as a baby and matching pic of my girls in the same outfit. I miss her.
Pretty!! I'm liking those colors!! What are you making?
Little granny square love! Very beautiful!
I just seen your knit & crochet widgets in your sidebar - how cool are they? Think I may need to share the link of facebook!
Sounds divine and looks fantastic!
Those tiny squares are delightful... are you doing an entire blanket?
Adorable teeny squares! Are they fiddly to do and join or easy?
Looks like a lovely way to spend some time. Your squares look beautiful.
love the colours of the squares.
Glad you're finishing it :) Can't wait to see the result. Have a nice weekend!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.308836
Retrieved Text: Normally, I am an upbeat, almost ‘Pollyanna’ type person but apparently, I have been a major complainer lately because my husband placed a copy of Rev. Billy Graham’s column about complainers beside my morning coffee today.
I admit that as much as I love the beautiful flowers this time of the year, I suffer from allergies and all that goes with them – sneezing, red nose, watery eyes, so yes, I complain. I complain about the pollen on my car. I complain about the potholes.
Jonah was a complainer, too. God told Jonah to go to Nineveh to preach against the great wickedness that had come against it. But what did Jonah do? He ran in the opposite direction! How many times have I complained about something the Lord has asked me to do, only to do it begrudgingly or run in the opposite direction? How many times have I inwardly complained because the worship service is running long, and I need to be somewhere right after church? How many times have I run the other direction when volunteers were needed for vacation Bible school or another activity? Does this honor the God I claim to serve?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.280672
Retrieved Text: The classic college chair is made of solid maple hardwood. It features a comfortable, scooped seat, steam-bent crown and a beautiful lacquer finish with handpainted gold beading.
This chair has a black back, you'll be able to choose cherrywood or black arms.
Placed under the seal in script font, block font is available.
The brass plaque is placed on the back of the chair, opposite side of the seal. It allows up to five lines of text; script font is recommended, block font is available.
Rush shipping is available at an additional cost to the base shipping price.
Screwed on to the back of the chair, opposite side of the seal. Allows up to five lines of text; script font is recommended, block font is available.
The Boston Rocker is made of solid maple hardwood featuring a comfortable, scooped seat and steam-bent crown. The beautiful lacquer finish features hand painted gold beading.
Dimensions: 27" D x 23" W x 40 1/2" H.
Chair made with Cherry wood back, you can choose cherrywood or black arms.
Screwed on to the back of the chair, opposite side of the seal. Allows up to 5 lines of text in script font, block font is available.
The Boston Rocker is made of solid maple hardwood featuring a comfortable, scooped seat and steam-bent crown. The beautiful lacquer finish features handpainted gold beading.
Dimensions:27" D x 23" W x 40 1/2" H.
Chair made with Black wood back. You can choose cherrywood or black arms.
Personalization Placed under the seal, script font is recommended, block font is available.
Screwed on to the back of the chair,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.198105
Retrieved Text: Thank you so much, everyone, for all of the wonderful emails and comments wishing us well!!! Our trip to China was wonderful and our new daughter is amazing. And yes, she’s already been to Disneyland :). It’s been a whirlwind of activity since we got home–feels like we haven’t stopped moving once. Literally. Violet is a very fast walker with tons of energy, just like her brother, except they’re always running in opposite directions. I don’t have much time to blog, but I thought I’d share a few pictures. Enjoy!
She’s precious!! Congrats on growing your family!
Congratulations…you all look so happy. 🙂 Violet is beautiful!
Thank you for sharing your beautiful story and pictures! I don’t even know you but I feel like I do. 🙂 (I love reading your blog!) We were in DL the week after Thanksgiving and I wondered if you would be there for her first visit. The journey to build a family is a lttle longer for some of us, but that just makes it all the more special. Congratulations.
YAY! I’m so happy you were able to share a few pictures with us, what a beautiful family and a beautiful girl!
I am so very happy for you on your first Christmas as a bigger family! I wish you nothing but happiness and blessings in the New Year! That smile is incredible!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.187686
Retrieved Text: Behind the north endzone on the highest level of seating is the Upper Deck Endzone seating location. These seats are the farthest from the action behind this endzone, which leaves them with a less desirable view of the action on the field. A saving grace can be found at the opposite endzone however, as a head on view of the large videoboard at the south endzone helps fans catch all the details.
"Great view!! High up but awesome view of everything!"
"Great view from upper deck"
These seats are in the C Deck and what a beautiful view of everything! Not too far away!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.186661
Retrieved Text: If you would like to stay in the most beautiful place in Karlovy Vary, right opposite the Mlýnská colonnade, the four star hotel AQUA MARINA is exactly what you are looking for. Luxury rooms shining with newness and overlooking the colonnade, balneotherapy facilities, swimming pool, first class restaurant and lobby bar will provide you with comfort and quality you expect. The hotel also has a first-class restaurant where you can relish the specialties of Czech and international cuisines.
Our hotel offers its guests top-quality spa care. After consulting our physician you can choose from a number of services available at our up-to-date, perfectly equipped therapeutic center.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.180386
Retrieved Text: Discipline yourself, and others won’t have to.
Looks like Josh is on to something. Not only does hard work and focus ensure you get ish done, it actually makes you HAPPIER. Beautiful things happen when you bust your a**. Who knew?
Discipline is not the opposite of flexibility—you need both to succeed. And stay sane. Check out how to strike the perfect balance between what you do and how you go about doing it.
If this whole self-discipline thing sounds scarier than a sober blind date, take a look at these simple steps to ease you into being a real productivity master.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.155088
Retrieved Text: Gradients is a contemporary collection of stunning graduated colors by Moda Fabrics. This collection is digitally printed, giving the fabrics brighter, more vibrant coloring and beautiful detail not available in traditional, screenprinted fabrics. The beautiful coloring on this fabric begins dark at one selvage and gradually fades to light at the opposite selvage.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.150977
Retrieved Text: The village of Solva is an ideal location for walking, sailing or simply relaxing amongst the shops, galleries and restaurants set in beautiful scenery.
Solva is found on the main A487 Haverfordwest to St. Davids road.
The gallery is the first shop on the right from the free car park, opposite 'Window on Wales'.
Why not stop by for a visit on your way to St. Davids and follow with the most delicious cream tea at the Old Printing House, which is irresistibly opposite and coincidentally one of Simon's favourite haunts!

================



======= Instance Index 5722 =========
Input Text: What could result in winning?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- compete
- fun
- celebrate
- bragging
- cash in

Target Text: compete

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.8159685
Retrieved Text: The topic and goal of this study is to describe how changes in testosterone levels are related to females and males who win or lose in a competition. Testosterone is a hormone mainly produced in males but can be produced in females as well. It has been known that there is a relationship between hormone level and behavior. Hormone levels vary depending on the person and what they are doing at the time. Testosterone is known to affect a male’s mental and physical ability and could led to aggression when there is a large variation in levels (Smith, K. M., & Apicella, C. L. 20160). Changes in testosterone levels is present in individuals who are in competition with others, it is shown that individuals who win have an increasing amount of testosterone and individuals who lose have a decrease in levels of testosterone (Oliveira, T., Gouveia, M. J., & Oliveira, R. F. 2009).
The hypothesis that is being tested in this study is there is a positive correlation between the male and female individuals and the high levels of testosterone after winning a game. The question that will be answered throughout this study is, “Do individuals that win in a competition have high levels of testosterone?” The aim of this research study is to identify if there is a positive correlation between winning and testosterone levels in male and females. This research topic is important because, if it proven that there is a positive correlation between testosterone levels and winning it could introduce individuals to the positive

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.753084
Retrieved Text: A 3-0 win over Stoke last time out means Leicester top the Premier League table ahead of a tough run of games that could determine the outcome of their season. Nonetheless, they should be confident of a positive result at home, given they are unbeaten in their last seven league meetings at the King Power Stadium, winning four. Liverpool played out a highly entertaining 5-4 win over Norwich in the Premier League last time out. The Reds, though, have won only two of their last five league games away from home, losing the other three. Leicester have the ability to secure maximum points in what could be an entertaining encounter.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.696649
Retrieved Text: I love a good challenge. So earlier in January, when my good friend and favorite “muse” Alyssa Campanella asked if I could design her a special gown for the 2014 People’s Choice Awards- I jumped at the chance. Not only is Alyssa a Designer’s dream, but her style is very similar to my own. The challenge? A four day deadline.
Luckily, Alyssa knew exactly what she wanted. Something elegant, romantic, and effortless. The result: an ethereal, iridescent custom gown fit for a modern-day princess.
I’m so happy with the end result of this gown. And it’s also very exciting to see Alyssa toping many of the season’s ‘Best Dressed’ lists!
And a special congratulations to CW’s “Reign” for winning Favorite New TV Drama at the People’s Choice Awards!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.693649
Retrieved Text: Which state is most over-represented in the Electoral College?
What state has the longest winning streak for voting for the candidate that ends up being elected President?
What state has had the greatest percentage of the total electoral votes in any one election?
Starting with 2016 and heading back in time, what location has voted for the same party in the most consecutive elections?
Since 1900, what candidate has won the Presidency while winning the fewest locations?
Assuming each state (+ DC) gives all its votes to the Republican or Democrat, how many possible ways could the U.S. map be colored red & blue?
What is the fewest number of states one can win and still be elected President?
Excluding the original 13 states, what state had the most electoral votes the first time it participated in a presidential election?
What state had the closest popular vote % difference in 2016?
Since 1900, what state gained the most Electors as a result of a Census?
How many states have contributed electoral votes in all 58 presidential elections?
How is the president selected if no candidate gets 270 electoral votes?
Candidate with most Twitter followers wins.
What state has voted Republican in the most presidential elections?
What person never elected president has received the most electoral votes in their lifetime?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.605835
Retrieved Text: Gary Hedges – Keynote SpeakerWinning is about a single achievement.
Winning is about an event.
Succeeding is about a life.
Winning is about an end.
Succeeding is about an environment.
Winning is a matter of competition.
Succeeding requires cooperation against a challenge.
Succeeding brings others along, building them up.
Winning infers someone has to lose (‘win-win” is an illusion, by the way).
Succeeding infers shared rewards (“win-win” is a euphemism for succeeding).
Winning can occur with two or more people (teams, companies, departments, etc.) on opposite sides of an issue.
Succeeding can only occur when two or more people, etc. stand together dealing with an issue.
Winning and succeeding both bring rewards. The rewards of succeeding are much more significant.
I’m not saying that winning has to be bad…competition demands it. But succeeding is something a life can be built on.
So…back to our original question: when it comes to leadership, is there a difference between winning and succeeding? Let me put it this way.
Succeeding in leadership can result in some “wins”, but winning as a leader is counterproductive. The people you have competed with for the “win” won’t be following you any more.
And John Maxwell says that if you think you’re a leader, but there’s no one there when you look around…you’re just going for a walk.
Please let me know what you think by commenting below. A conversation on this subject could be a success for all of us.
Subscribe to my blog. The form is up and to the right.
Share the link to the blog with others in your network. I promise not to embarrass you, but to add

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.570676
Retrieved Text: Are Harry Kane, Falcao and Lewandowski the best forwards?
This is an attacking formula of which Real Madrid and Chelsea would be envious. But this was the selection of yesterday’s winner of the FootballCoin Free DUP contest. Do you think you could have had a better team? Will you pick Harry Kane on your team next time?
Football players from England’s national team were in the most teams of yesterday’s FootballCoin contests. And that is understandable. The Englishmen achieved their biggest victory at the World Cup, in the history of the tournament, against Panama, 6-2.
Harry Kane scored again. Kane scored a hat-trick. As he had proven before, once more he showed us, he can even score when he cannot see the football coming. His third goal was because he managed to deviate a goal. The first two, on the other hand, were penalty shots. This result places Kane as the top scorer at the World Cup, ahead of Ronaldo (5) and Lukaku (4).
The Spurs’ player got 48,48 in FootballCoin, and he is the best football player in his team.
The winning team included other five players from the Premier League, Harry Maguire, Jesse Lingard, Kieran Trippier, Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Kyle Walker. The next match will be against Belgium, and the result will decide the winner of the group.
Ever wondered what is the score a goalkeeper gets after receiving 6 goals in one game? The goalkeeper of Panama has that answer. Jaime Penedo has -8,05 points after yesterday’s match. Picking Panama’s footballers in your fantasy football team in FootballCoin wouldn’t

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.554764
Retrieved Text: How do you develop the powerball winning numbers?
Selecting the winning numbers for powerball is not a simple thing. Many individuals failed and have tried. Do not give up it. I understand how it seems to be seeking anything to get a lengthy time without obtaining a result. There are specific methods to pick winning numbers which means that your heart can quit rushing throughout the next powerball draw. Powerball are becoming highly popular lately. Lots of people notice the headlines of what individuals are winning on daily basis and try and they will wish to their luck. Yes, this game is partially determined by fortune but a good deal of this will depend to the methods you develop. Might be you have been playing for a while without actually seeing it and frequently you hear these large figure beside you. Before you win and can play this game you have to understand what how to play it and powerball is about.
Powerball will be the initial game to make use of two drums in its core. It is an all American lottery game offered through us lotteries. Both drums being used help the activities’ style and draws new clients also. The very first thing you have to complete is to select five figures from 1 to 55. These are called the white balls. Then your powerball itself are figures including 1 to 52, you will also select one from below, they are called the red balls. In many powerball hosts, there is the ability play function comprising

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.372174
Retrieved Text: Linda Hamlin, also of the New Mexico Lottery, noted the story of “Millionaire Mary” Torres of Albuquerque. After she sold a $1 million winning Powerball ticket to an Albuquerque man in May 2011, she became known as a good luck charm. Her customers followed her to another store a few miles away.
What would happen if this argument, that their odds of winning do not increase, was presented to these purchasers who go back to the place of past winners? Would they say the numbers aren’t right or say it doesn’t matter? Perhaps this is a sort of Pascal’s Wager for Powerball: it doesn’t increase my odds of winning to shop at this particular location, but it can’t hurt!
This could be chalked up to superstition but it is also the result of humans looking for patterns where there aren’t any. Two things make where the winning person bought the ticket stand out: (1) there are few big winners and (2) the big prizes are noteworthy. Put these two together and all of the sudden people start seeing trends even though there is little data to work with. But, then you have news coverage a few years ago about a woman in Texas who won the lottery four times – four data points make a much better pattern than a one-time winner!
This entry was posted in Sociology and tagged lottery, Pascal's Wager, patterns, Powerball, probability, statistics, superstition. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.371061
Retrieved Text: Apollo Slots Casino is a South African focused online casino that offers a full gaming suite powered by RTG. The management are old hands having ties with Silver Sands who themselves have been operating online for over 10 years. Good entertainment and a fair crack at winning can be expected as a result of a mix of management experience and quality software. Remember, the odds ALWAYS favor the casino but it helps when the games you play are well constructed and offer fair play.
This may be a newly established online casino but the owners are far from new to the online world. You can read more about Silver Sands who are a long established online casino. Most importantly, the gaming suite is powered by RTG software which is known and respected. The casino can be played on desktop or mobile phone plus the games load quickly after they have downloaded. The game variety is huge and the features are varied. You can expect to find bonus rounds, scatters, multipliers, wilds, and much more. You probably did not expect to find random jackpots though and your loyal play could result in you winning a random jackpot! This jackpot is not linked to a winning sequence, it simply pays at a random time to a random patron. Could it be you? Support are knowledgeable, the systems are smooth and we therefore recommend Apollo Slots Casino.
Friday to Sunday Free Spins – Coupon Code: WEEKEND – Each week a game will be nominated for free spins but what sets this

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.267211
Retrieved Text: With his stunning upset victory over Tom Boonen last week in the season-opening Classic Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, 23-year-old Sep Vanmarcke jumped onto bicycle racing’s center stage. A product of Belgian cycling, the Garmin-Barracuda prodigy has what it takes to be the next great one-day rider. Bicycling caught up with the Belgian to talk about his greatest victory and his big ambitions.
Bicycling: Life must be pretty wonderful for you right now. You just won Het Nieuwsblad, one of your country’s biggest races.
Sep Vanmarcke: It’s changed my career and probably my life. I always wanted to be good in the Classics. I knew I could be good, too, but winning was still far away. OK, two years ago I finished second in Gent-Wevelgem, that was a big result; but it wasn’t a victory. Now things have changed.
Bicycling: You were confident going into this year’s race and told Jonathan Vaughters, your team manager, that you wanted a leadership role. Considering the established riders on the Garmin-Barracuda team, that was bold.
Vanmarcke: Well, not really a leadership role—I just wanted to be free and not obliged to work early in the race because I felt good. I talked to Jonathan and (director of competition) Allan Peiper in the off-season, and they said I should really go for a big result in the Classics, to win one, or at least get a podium result. I was focused on that all winter, so I didn’t want to accept a worker’s role in a race such as Het Nieuwsblad. Jonathan said I had to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.245718
Retrieved Text: Last fall, students from kindergarten to grade 8 learned how “racism hurts” and what they could do to combat it, thanks to a unique initiative. The “racism hurts” campaign, a joint effort by the OHRC and the Elementary Teachers’ Federation of Ontario (ETFO), includes a poster and curriculum materials to help teachers begin a discussion with students about human rights, discrimination and racism, and to get students to think about what they can do when they experience or observe racism in their school and in their community. Materials were distributed to more than 3,500 schools across Ontario.
The award-winning poster was designed as a result of the OHRC teaming with students and faculty from Seneca College’s Graphic Design Program in a course called Design for Social Change. ETFO members volunteered to develop lesson plans.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.13894
Retrieved Text: Edited 1 time(s). Last edit at 24/02/2012 16:55 by Deadly Submarine.
If it goes in a similar fashion to the Huddersfield game, then a cheeky 1-0 for Tranmere might be on the cards.
we can win this game if Les picks the right team.....Fon-williams,Holmes,Goodison,Taylor,Buchanon,Deavaney,Labadie,Wallace,Welsh,McGurck,Tyriacki.
1-1 now sounds like Charlton came out all guns blazing second half.
I'll take a draw IF we can hang on (famous last words).
Disappointing to lose a lead but great result!
good result, bossed the first half. should of went in more than 1-0 up at half time tho. happy with a point but got to start winning soon.
To those still moaning... Charlton's away record is W11, D3 L2. So 1-1 was a fine result.
We stuck when we should have twisted. We sat so far back in the second half it was criminal and just a matter of time till they equalised. After that we showed no ambition or urgency to go for the winner.Considering the fact that their defence were not playing that well it was very poor that we did not put them under any pressure in the second half.Brunt was so far in front of the rest of them that he had no chance most of the time yet he battled really well and must be knackered tonight.
It could have been better if we'd tried to push forward more in the second half.Quite disappointing in some aspects-nothing like as good a performance as against Huddersfield.
Agreed, we need to start winning games and fast! My concern is that we simply cannot score a second goal

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.078801
Retrieved Text: So often, when I’m asked for advice, it is really about how to win in life; how to settle discourse. One thing I’ve found is that most who are asking, are asking from a position of their rights or being right. Winning in life is truly not so much about being right as it is about getting it right. Here are Four Ways to Win an Argument – any argument.
Be Honest – Standing your ground on anything less than truth places you on a shaky foundation. If you’re in conflict with someone smart, they will see through you and chances are, whether you win or lose the argument, you risk losing your friend and your reputation. It’s still true that Honesty is the best policy.
Be Prepared – This long standing Boy Scouts motto is founded on wisdom. Whether your argument is fueled at home, at work or at play, if your position is worth arguing for, its worth being prepared for. This means studying to be fully informed, not just fully committed. You may be committed to a viewpoint, but if your picture is not clear, you could lose your whole focus.
Be Empathetic – It’s never enough to just know where you’re coming from. Know where ‘they’re’ coming from, too. The Art of War teaches this, and so do I. I’ve learned through many years that winning is not always about a single thing. It is about the opportunity to give, to be reliable and to Love.
Understand Compromise – Most arguments, at root, are not born

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.0768585
Retrieved Text: Two things! Do come along to Plokta.con pi: the Dangercon today. And if you are coming, could you bring something weird or interesting or desirable for the LFF auction, please?
you could auction "dinner prepared by dmw", so long as the winning bidder and i are both in more or less the same country, if you want.
Hope P3.14etc goes well. And please post the TAFF result soonest.
So I heard. Fantastic turnout, too.
There is a report on my LJ which I'm just editing to reflect Bug winning.
I couldn't make it so I sent my vote and a fiver with Roger Robinson - hope it's OK, I lost the form so I wrote it by hand.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.071476
Retrieved Text: Whether you win or lose, the sun will shine.
Like many of you, I was glued to the television to watch the President’s Cup. It was the third straight President’s Cup that Woods won the cup-clinching match — all three with Fred Couples as the captain. Golf looks easy when the pros play but it’s so hard.
I missed the woman who streaked across the course naked, I don’t think she was worried about winning or losing. A little levity can’t hurt anything, can it? I think Fred Couples was the only one who laughed.
I think most of us take life too seriously, myself included.I have friends who worry about everything. One of my friends just started school and worry’s about taking tests that haven’t been scheduled. Instead of preparing for them she worries about them.
Yes, I understand if you’re a playing a competitive sport you have to win or they won’t let you play. If you’re in business, you have to outwit your competitors or you won’t be in business. In the game of life, you can still play, even if you don’t win.
I believe it does matter if you win or lose. Yes it’s great if you have fun in the process but winning is more fun than losing; don’t you think? In order to win you have to work hard, be uncomfortable and push yourself. That doesn’t guarantee winning but it’s part of achieving. I grew up in a time when you were taught to compete and winning was important. Unfortunately winning was everything. I

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.034386
Retrieved Text: After just one win in four Premier League games, Liverpool return to winning ways tonight with a dominant 3-0 away victory over Middlesbrough.
* Jurgen Klopp: "3-0 is a deserved result I would say, but we could have finished more often. It was a really good performance".
* John Aldridge: "You will not see a better team goal all season than our second by Origi. Excellent 2nd half display. Brilliant goals and a clean sheet. Normal service has been resumed".
* Luis Garcia: "Man of the Match Lallana. Not just the goals, but he helped midfield to build up and ran to help Milner every time".
* Patrik Berger: "Big win for the reds tonight. 3 points in the bag!".
* Nathaniel Clyne: "Back to winning ways,great result and good to get a clean sheet".
* Simon Mignolet: "Only one thing one was important - back to winning ways. Thanks for the support".
A good win, but there's no point getting carried away. Liverpool should be beating newly promoted teams (with vastly inferior financial resources) 3-0. The team did its job; nothing more, nothing less.
* Lallana: Hailed as 'gifted' by Eddie Howe. €28m-rated.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.027603
Retrieved Text: Home » Casino » Roulette Winning Equipment – Do Such Points Exist?
As a bettor of prestige and a gambling author I am usually asked in my placement if I have actually found a roulette winning system. This repeated inquiry prompted me to do some research and ultimately resulted in the website and several others in my resource box. Mathematically no! Roulette cannot be defeated. Yet the same roulette system in your hands which loses might end up being a roulette winning system in my hands. Searching the net for the roulette winning system is not the response to treasures at the wheel. As neither of these points has taken place, nor are they most likely to happen I can securely end that there is no such thing as a winning roulette strategy.
Is there something a roulette winning system?
Winning systems in all types of gambling are rare. Winning in gambling is uncommon full stop. Winning at roulette is very unusual. In Blackjack due to the guidelines the supplier need to stay with you can really get a benefit on the residence and be in a placement to win. As a result you can design a winning system for blackjack. In roulette you can never ever obtain an advantage so it is impossible to design a roulette winning system. What you can do is bet wise, take earnings and repeat it. If you need to know how to win at roulette, the answer does not hinge on a wonder electronic book although I have actually found a number

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.022847
Retrieved Text: Which Stack Exchange sites have “won the internet” in real life?
The StackEgg game's terminal state, following birth out of Area51, private beta, public beta, and graduation, is "winning the internet." The progression of the game seems to indicate that this state is achieved by maintaining certain levels of content quantity and quality, user happiness, and traffic for a certain amount of time.
Stack Exchange, Inc. already communicates its notion of when sites have achieved, in real life, the other milestones simulated in the game by launching sites into private beta, public beta, and full member statuses. There is even public information about specific statistics necessary to get from Area51 to private beta, as well as some qualitative information about what SE looks for to progress a site to later stages. However, as far as I know, SE does not currently say anything about either which sites have, in reality, won the internet or what the criteria are for winning the internet.
Which sites does SE consider to have won the internet in real life?
What characteristics would indicate that a site has won the internet?
How can a site determine what to concentrate on to best get it closer to winning the internet?
To be extra-clear, this question was motivated by the game states in StackEgg, but it is about the actual lifecycle of real SE sites.
This question is only slightly tongue-in-cheek. I think that it could be possible for SE to provide serious answers to these questions, and that these answers could be a good way to communicate high-level thinking

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.97561
Retrieved Text: Aikido was founded in Japan by Morihei Ueshiba. As a youth, Ueshiba Sensei, O-Sensei (Great Teacher), as he was called, studied many different martial arts, including many focusing on the use of weapons.
Although he became strong and won many contests, he was troubled with the idea that winning at someone else’s expense was not really victory and, as a result, searched within himself for a clear perspective that could answer his questions of what true victory could mean. He discovered later in a flash of revelation, that “True Victory is Self Victory”, and “I and the Universe are One”.
From this Enlightenment, the practice of Aikido was born. It became a martial art that transformed conflict from being destructive to creative and gave rise to the possibility of being able to defend oneself from an attack and while not injuring the attacker.
“Move like a beam of light, fly like lightning, strike like thunder, whirl in circles around a stable center.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.971234
Retrieved Text: Don’t see this anywhere else, but I would like to wish my team Auchinleck Talbot and Beith Juniors good luck this weekend. Hopefully both teams will do the juniors proud against opposition deemed to be a higher level.
Every team in the eosfl are at a higher level than any junior team though.east,west or north.
Well it should be easy enough to see Beith off then ??
Listen to Rammeses the great sage from the East.
Good luck to the beith boys can see them winning that one. Comfortable win for the cove boys could be four or five.
If only the 'Nock could even qualify for this cup! This is our seventh time of doing so, by winning either the Super League or Junior Cup. Away and count yer fingers again.
Good luck Beith and Talbot. Difficult ties but i wouldn't bet against either of them.
Hope you get pumped by the minnows then!
No good luck for the Talbot then Nocky Nosh ?
Will you be missing the Laughing Stock's next to debacle to watch our result on Sky TV?
'Mon Auchinleck get into these teuchters. Beith can get to ****.
Good luck to Beith and Auchinleck.Its a great tournament to be part of and always tough.
All the best to Talbot & Beith! Show 'em what the Juniors can do!!!
Will be laughing at yous getting papped oot 4-0. Just concentrate on catching us in the league when yous are knocked out.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.927014
Retrieved Text: It's astounding, but also sometimes overwhelming, to think of all of the different ways you can have a flutter on your favourite sporting events. Therefore we thought it would be a good idea to provide a brief outline of the various types of online bet, divided into the two broad categories of singles and multiples.
These terms largely explain themselves - 'singles' being single bets and 'multiples' being wagers that have more than one selection in them. Accumulator bets, for example, may include as many as 15 selections to ramp up your potential winnings, but also the likelihood that your bet won't be a victorious one.
What Single Bets Can I Try?
With their relative simplicity, lower costs and higher chances of winning compared to multiples, single bets are ideal for newcomers to online sports betting. Either your bet wins and gives you a profit, or it loses and it doesn't. What could be easier to understand?
However, you may not be aware of the many forms that this type of online betting takes, such as 'head to head', which is the most common betting type and simply involves you betting on whether a fixture's outcome will be one team winning, the other team winning or (if applicable) a draw.
But 'totals' bets also exist, enabling you to bet on almost any countable statistic in a given sporting fixture such as the number of goals, points or games in a set. Then, there's the 'each way' bet, which is especially popular in horse racing and consists of two separate bets -

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.910676
Retrieved Text: Most of the people would relish winning the lottery. However, only a few have been so lucky by far. The results of a lottery have been determined completely at random. Therefore, one cannot influence the outcome of the lottery result. Regardless, there have been few strategies and techniques involved that you could make use of along with some mistakes to be avoided that could help enhance your chances of winning the online lottery game. Some of the tips have been cited below for your perusal.
Prior to you deciding to play the lottery game online, it would be imperative that you comprehend the particular rules and guidelines of the particular lotto website. Understanding the rules would be pertinent to make sure you have been adhering to the rules. Ensure you understand the criteria under which a player could be disqualified along with reading any terms of service prior to you agreeing to them.
You would be required to keep any receipts that you receive while purchasing a lottery ticket online. This would serve as evidence of purchasing the lottery ticket. It is very important if the website you have been playing with require players to present their receipts, when they need to check the USA lottery results for any ticket bought has won a prize.
Do not restrict the probability of winning the lottery by selecting superstitious numbers. In addition, choosing only even, odd or prime numbers would not be a wise decision either. As most people would use a similar method for choosing their numbers, it would decrease

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.888157
Retrieved Text: LAS VEGAS -- For what it's worth, Floyd Mayweather Sr. thought Manny Pacquiao won.
Although Floyd Mayweather Jr. reportedly wasn't able to watch Pacquiao lose a highly controversial split decision to Timothy Bradley Jr. on Saturday -- the fighter is currently serving an 87-day jail sentence for reduced domestic battery charges -- his father was in attendance at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
Mayweather Sr. said he wasn't scoring the fight round by round, but admitted it was fairly clear to him that Pacquiao was well in control. Two judges disagreed, awarding Bradley seven of the 12 rounds.
"I thought Tim Bradley put up one helluva fight," Mayweather Sr. told ESPN.com. "But I didn't think he won the fight.
"I didn't score the fight. I can just tell you, I knew Pacquiao won. I felt he won the fight. I felt like there was a gap, where you could see who was winning."
When asked if he could even make a case for Bradley winning the fight, Mayweather Sr. said he could not because he's not "a cheater."
The result of the fight likely means Pacquiao will exercise his rematch clause and meet Bradley again in November. It all but erases any shot of Pacquiao meeting Mayweather, a fight boxing fans have long pined for, in 2012.
Mayweather Sr., who no longer trains his son but has reestablished a relationship with him, acknowledged the likely rematch in November, but offered optimism -- from his perspective -- that a fight between the top two fighters in the world will still happen.
Speculating on his son's

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.8777275
Retrieved Text: Life is not a dress rehearsal; neither is business. How would your organization be different if everyone stopped making excuses and started producing better results in every area of their lives? Not “later,” not “some day,” but now! Because when it’s showtime, all that matters is results. And in your business, as well as in your life, every day is showtime.
29-time Emmy Award-winning TV Executive Producer Bill Stainton has discovered that whether you’re producing an award-winning television show, an award-winning team, or an award-winning life, real results come down to three simple questions: What’s the show? Who’s the cast? Where’s the script?
You can’t produce a great show if you don’t know what the show is.
What’s the show you’re trying to produce? What’s the outcome you want to achieve? Step one to producing a breakthrough result is to define the result you’re trying to produce.
If you leave your cast to chance, you leave your results to chance. Who are the people you need to have on your team in order to produce your result?
The quality of your script determines the quality of your show.
Behind every great achievement is a great plan—a script, if you will. And just as a TV script is broken down into acts and scenes, your plan needs to be broken down into milestones and benchmarks.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.862083
Retrieved Text: What a elegant statement you will make displaying this beautiful, one of a kind sugared pomegranate wreath in your home. The colors are phenomenal. Red and burgundy pomegranates with a splash of apple green and yellow are stunning. Each piece of artificial fruit is hand "sugared" with glass microbeads. The end result is a stunning one of a kind wreath. With some creative lighting this wreath will sparkle and shimmer, winning you countless compliments. This would be a beautiful piece to spruce up a mantle or you could lay it on a table and place a chunky candle in the center.
The wreath measures approximately 16 inches in diameter and was created on a styrofoam core wrapped in moss. It should be displayed indoors or in a covered area out of the elements and weather.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.857532
Retrieved Text: Visit any online casino across the globe, and you will be surprised with different roulette gaming options featuring various variations. The debate on what consists of a live casino has made it hard to define the kind of games to play and which games not to play.
What Cons ists of a Live Roulette?
An ideal live roulette takes place in a real-time setting, and it is independent of any exogenous elements which could affect the outcome during any play. Roulette games vary widely, and they have different rules. An automatic live casino mostly offers a diving ground between the RNG roulette and live roulette. However, it should be noted that the system never predetermines the outcome. Additionally, no one is involved in the result of the spinning of the wheel.
Below are some of the elements you may need to consider to increase your chances of winning on any roulette table.
The European roulette consists of a single zero while the American roulette has two zeros marked in green colors. Some inexperienced players assume that two zeros could mean twice the chances of winning. However, that is not true. The fact is that the casino has twice the advantage of the player, especially on the American roulette.
This is a strategy that will require you to open multiple accounts on which you can play. However, after several victories, you may need to close the account and use another one.
It is also called the selfish strategy. This strategy is beneficial to a person but may not profit the multiple players in

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.838515
Retrieved Text: Wolves FC required a bespoke web application to promote the launch of their season home kit. The concept of which was a 'pass the parcel' competition/game that users could register to play via traditional form entry or via their social media profiles play the game and then share the results via social media or email.
Working within the Wolves FC brand guidelines GSD® produced a simple yet effective responsive design which allowed a user to register quickly without friction and play the game in a matter of clicks. The game itself involved the clicking of an animated parcel which produced a win or lose result based on a pre-determined algorithm. A lose result displayed a previous shirt from a title winning season with the opportunity to share and play again and a winning result produced email notifications for the relevant parties.
The inclusion of sharing at all suitable stages enhanced the viral capacity of the project with all data from players, sharers, winners and losers collated into the GSD® CRM plugin and was available for export upon final launch of the kit. The end result was a hugely successful project resulting in over 35,000 unique plays and over 5,000 registrations.
"We have had over 6,000 plays in the first 24 hours so very pleased!"

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.753186
Retrieved Text: Vending machine does not entail any type of type of knowledge to play them however there are some finance pointers that can assist you to have a much better experience. One of the essential aspects of slots finance is to see to it you can bet a prolonged duration without recognizing a sizable win since that is precisely what might be needed prior to such a benefit is offered. This might appear in straight resistance to a few of the pointers made additionally right into the write-up however it is recognized since the above declaration is vital.
A preferred marketing motto for lotto games is that you have to remain in it to win it and also they could not be extra appropriate. The very same puts on any kind of sort of gambling yet are possibly much more relevant to one-armed bandit gambling than it is to any type of various another kind as a result of the long stretches of not winning which are feasible when taking part in a claimed undertaking.
Slots were developed to pay huge quantities, yet much less hardly ever rather than a video game such as Poker online Indonesia baccarat where the gamer has a far better than forty-nine percent possibility of winning on every hand played yet the quantity paid amounts to what is best. A vending machine can repay hundreds or perhaps countless times what was bet so keeping that in mind it makes ideal feeling that you are not mosting likely to experience a win each time you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.731851
Retrieved Text: But Really, Winning isn't that Important.
in anyway at All, While You are Aware of the Professional Themers.
Loose Hope and Never Return DisHeartedly.
Particular Effect ShowCases and How it Reacts. Then just Concentrate on All the Aspects. Thats it.
i have Experienced it. Trust me.
dat nobodY can steaL ur dat day...............!!!
its a worD for alL who thinK we are not able to wiN.....................?
couldn't keep myself away from this discussion .. ..so here are few things.. ..
@all who wants the split:: assume the managers and admins decide to split the contest, now will you be satisfied by winning against the ones who are at the same level as you are or winning against the best themers after all the hard will be more satisfactory?..? its your call.. ..
I feel competing with the best brings out the best in you.. ..and why is winning so important?..? try to enjoy what you do, work hard and look at all the previous and current work of the good themers and try to learn from those, sooner or later you will get the result.. ..and as anuj said, the journey is more important than the destination.. ..I still wish I could participate with Jasna, Zjurina, BBT, Patrick, Dr_megabyte, Augustborn99, Maampia, Zleepy, Mrklan [and the list goes on] all in the same competition .. ..
@AW:: hosting TMC for beginners once every 2 months sounds nice [only if I can participate too ] .. ..
and we have a TMC Hall of Fame and individual themers showcase thread, so I dont think another showcase thread would be

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.730769
Retrieved Text: Olympics. Taking part is more important than winning.
Athletes from many different nations take part in the Olympic Games. Not everyone can win. Is it important to win? Or is it more important to participate, even if you don't win?
Last edited by TalkingPoint on Tue Sep 21, 2004 10:18 am, edited 3 times in total.
What is the true meaning of this game ? Just for fun ! Do we have other more convinced reasons than simply fun ? No . We don't have. So whether you coming for money . for popularity , for win or for experience . they all don't matter , Just pls have you own way to share the pleasure, whether by watching , taking part ,or by win .
Taking parts and winning the games are both important.
If the athletes participate in the games, they represent their countries. They bring voices of their countries to the world.
If they win the games, it will be even better because their countries will be in the record. Their national anthems will be sung. Also, people will get to know their countries more.
mountains wrote: I think If you can do your best performance depend on your situation and thought of Olympics. If You alway think you must win, you will not concentrate on your sports. In personal your should forget your country and the people when the match is coming. You must do your best to practice and always put your country and the people in your mind before the match.
Well, athletes who are chosen to go

================



======= Instance Index 9691 =========
Input Text: what is a type of science?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- space lab
- nanotechnology
- university
- methodology
- school

Target Text: nanotechnology

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 14.972865
Retrieved Text: Pursuing an Online Masters in Science Education Degree may be a convenient, best way to balance your desire to advance your teaching skills and strategies with a full schedule. Many teachers enter the workforce with an undergraduate degree and may teach math, physics or biology, true. But this doesn’t mean they have a comprehensive understanding of the learning theories or top instructional best practices that make a science teacher both informative and able to qualify for their own potential professional advancement. If you are looking for more subject-specific expertise in the physical, natural or STEM disciplines, earning an online masters Degree in Science Education may fit your own academic and vocational goals.
What is an Online Masters in Science Education Program?
An Online Masters in Science Education is a graduate program that may be designed for science-educators or non-science teachers and is delivered through a computer-mediated format - which may vary between colleges. Some programs are going to require prospective e-learners to have a Bachelor’s degree and teaching license.
Distance-learning means you take your online courses from home or office, wherever you have Internet. As with campus programs, a Masters in Science Education online degree may entail a capstone project, and possibly, a thesis.
Sometimes, a graduate school actually offers their campus program in an online format, meaning you are be taught by the same faculty, and learn the same material. This means that online programs are neither ‘easier’ nor of lesser quality.
100% online format – usually suited to more research-oriented degrees.
Also, your program may involve course manuals, textbooks, evaluation

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.818305
Retrieved Text: The most important environmental problems are also the most complex ones, and the available science is, more than often not conclusive. What then triggers off, the appropriate action? Are we facing dilemma’s?
“Climate scientists have, en masse become like the Greek Goddess Cassandra- gifted with the ability to prohesy future disasters, but cursed with the inability to get anyone to believe them”.
Epistemic debate in science constitutes multiple plausbile, yet on the long term incompatible prospective plausibility claims, thereby articulating our uncertain knowledge base: The relation to action is ofcourse dependent on your normative(ethical) guidance in this matter. The issue returns at the level for a need of global governance; some governments are convinced by a particular type of science, others are not.
And, what to do if one of the science-base plausible claims articulates the ugent need of action and while others play-down the issue?
We are in the course of doing some research work clarifying the relation between knowledge and action. What type of debates in science need what tye of follow up in policy?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.708779
Retrieved Text: 1. What makes something a “science”?
2. What are the strengths of Science as an Area of Knowledge? What are the weaknesses?
3. What Ways of Knowing does science rely on?
4. What type of logic does Science rely on?
The above questions will focus our investigation of this Area of Knowledge and we’ll examine it through a variety of scientific disciplines, though we’ll focus on Physics as doing so shines a light on both science’s strengths and limitations!
1. Is linde’s inflationary theory science or philosophy? What elements make it philosophy and what elements make it science?
2. Does linde’s theory support or refute existence of God in your own mind?
3. What is your personal, “mind blowing” statement or idea contained within the interview?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.2436695
Retrieved Text: You may be asking some of these questions. If so, you’ll find the answers. If you don’t see your questions, contact us. We’re here to help.
What does the acronym ONAMI stand for?
Oregon Nanoscience and Microtechnologies Institute.
ONAMI is funded by Business Oregon and Oregon Tax Lottery Funds. The decision to spend the money is made through the Oregon Innovation Counsel.
Does ONAMI only do "nanotechnology"?
No, our name says "nanoscience", which is different and meant to signal that strong underlying fundamental science is important. We are interested in any deep science or research-based innovation with potential intellectual property and which addresses an important problem. For example, we have worked in markets ranging from semiconductor materials to optics to medical devices.
Is there a specific type of Industry field that ONAMI specializes in?
Yes, ONAMI supports science-based inventions. Material science, life science just to name a few. Software is not a focus unless it involves a science-based product.
What type of funding does ONAMI provide?
ONAMI does not provide direct funding but it will help inventors find funding.
ONAMI began with providing grants. Then, it moved to providing equity secured funding. Now, ONAMI provides guidance for business development and is involved in starting companies based on University research.
How is ONAMI's performance evaluated?
ONAMI is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization funded by the State of Oregon Economic Development Department. ONAMI has clearly defined metrics which must be met each biennium.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.184955
Retrieved Text: Do I Need a Masters in Anthropology to Get a Management Position?
What are the Best Careers for Social Scientists for 2014?
What Careers Are Available With a Degree in Linguistics?
What Careers are Available with a Degree in Social Psychology?
What Careers are Available with an Archaeology Degree?
What Criminal Justice Jobs Require a Master’s Degree?
What Degree is Needed to Work on a Political Campaign?
What Does a Museum Curator Do?
What Does a Research Analyst Do?
What Does a Survey Researcher Do?
What is “Aging Studies” in Social Science?
What is a Forensic Examiner?
What Is a Good Masters Program To Complement My Social Science Degree?
What Is A Good Minor To Complement A Sociology Major?
What is a Good Minor to Complement my Social Science Degree?
What is a Government Affairs Director?
What is a Legislative Affairs Manager?
What is a Research Psychologist?
What is a Social Psychologist?
What is a Social Science degree?
What is a Strategy Manager?
What is an Analytics Manager?
What Is The Typical Salary For Someone With a Social Science Degree?
What Jobs Are Available For Someone With An Economics Degree?
What Jobs Are Available With a History Degree?
What Jobs are Available with a Master’s in Political Science?
What Jobs are Available with a Sociology Degree?
What Jobs Can Be Found in Immigration Services?
What Jobs Can I Get With a Political Science Degree?
What Type of Job Can I Get With a Social Science Degree?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.167821
Retrieved Text: The 2019 District 64 Science Olympiad for students in Grades 3, 4 and 5 was held on Saturday, February 2, 2019.
This year's Olympiad set an all-time record for participation! Read about this exciting event and see the medalists here.
View a photo gallery from the 2019 Olympiad.
Contact Dina Pappas, the District 64 Science Olympiad Chair.
What is the Science Olympiad? It is a morning filled with science and engineering challenges in an Olympic-type format. With the assistance of their parents, students in grades 3-5 work in teams to represent their schools. "Winning teams" receive first, second, or third place medals. All students receive a special Science Olympiad certificate and souvenir.
What is the Aerodynamics Event? (Text version).
What is the Egg Drop Event? (Text version).
What is the Mystery Box Event? (Text version).
What is the Rubber Band Catapult Event? (Text version).
What is the Structures Event? (Text version).
Read even more detailed guidelines for each Olympiad event!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.063756
Retrieved Text: You have an awesome website! What a great resource – many of those activities are just the kind of things I think we need to build a truly science based culture.” ~ Dr. Jonathon Host, Materials Science Research, Hemlock Semiconductor Corp.
You know, being the artist type, science has always been one of those scary subjects to me. It’s fun to see that science is not as illusive as I’ve always found it to be. Connecting science and spirituality has been a great bridge.” ~ Ann, Boulder, CO.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.049364
Retrieved Text: an innovative and creative project inviting the public to discover of world of research.
The questions, hypothesis, and inventions that are at the center of research activities, one must examine the researchers themselves. We often wonder about what is going on in a researcher’s head. Scientists are seen as creatures apart, with whom it seems difficult to establish a dialogue. How do their minds work, can we imagine how they confront their doubts, what do they imagine, and how is it they arrive at their ideas ?
The science camp consists of several different events and is supported by associations and institutions. Part of an interdisciplinary scientific environment, it involves local researchers and scientists from various scientific centers. It takes place also within the overall cultural project of the county and interacts with the high schools through workshops on the processes used in research and development in science. The same type of workshop is presented for public education and understanding.
# Description of each proposed type of events.
# The Souk of the Science Camp.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.921449
Retrieved Text: What has dependent type theory done for Haskell? Over the past ten years, the Glasgow Haskell compiler (GHC) has adopted many type system features inspired by dependent type theory. In this talk, I will discuss the influence of dependent types on the design of GHC and on the practice of Haskell programmers. In particular, I will walk through an extended example and use it to analyze what it means to program with with dependent types in Haskell. Throughout, I will will discuss what we have learned from this experiment in language design: what works now, what doesn't work yet, and what surprised us along the way.
Stephanie Weirich is a Professor of Computer and Information Science at the University of Pennsylvania, having received tenure in 2008 and the rank of full professor in 2015. She received her B.A. in Computer Science from Rice University and her Ph.D. from Cornell University. She has published broadly in the areas of functional programming, type systems, machine-assisted theorem proving and dependent types. During the past ten years, she and her students have made significant contributions to the design of the Glasgow Haskell Compiler and its type system. Dr. Weirich has served as the program chair of the The 15th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming, ICFP 2010 and the 2009 Haskell Symposium and is also an editor of the Journal of Functional Programming. She has given invited talks at many venues, including ICFP, FLOPS, RDP, LFMTP, OPLSS, and PLMW. Her recent awards include a 2016 Microsoft Outstanding Collaborator award, and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.889366
Retrieved Text: Watch this video for Rocks made by Science Made Fun and learn all sorts of fun facts about them. You will learn about the fascinating process of how rocks are formed and what factors can cause rocks to form. You will also learn about the 3 types of rocks; Igneous Rocks, Sedimentary Rocks and Metamorphic Rocks. The video will discuss each type of rocks, how they are formed, what makes them unique to the other rocks and what the different classifications are under the different types of rocks. The video also will give some examples for each type of rock.
Watch this interesting Rocks for Kids facts video and swiftly extend your child’s inner interest to find out science facts about Rocks for Kids.
This Rocks for Kids video is educational for your children, from those kids engaged in early learning programs for pre-Kindergarten children, leading to 5th grade, obviously together with pre-school children and kids in remote boarding schools.
Well then, learn more our available totally FREE educational videos for kids, personally selected by our editorial staff. These videos are an ample stack of science for kids videos on our science kids website. Discover a lot more convincing as well as academic albeit enjoyable easy facts for children on our enjoyable science supplement to routine academic educational program website for children about numerous more intriguing topics, and let your children learn more by doing our many COMPLETELY FREE activity sheets, science quiz games with questions and answers and free educational games for kids.
Enjoyed this Rocks for Kids video?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.887312
Retrieved Text: A recent article describes how science is pointing to design, but instead of looking to the Designer, "our most prominent scientific and tech thinkers seriously propose we are living in a computer program."
Why would secular scientists, that normally make fun of Christians for pointing out the evidence of design all around us, be suggesting that we are living in a created simulation? Because the evidence of science points to a creator! Yet they refuse to follow the evidence to the truth and instead move to un-scientific philosophies. "embracing the Matrix Scenario and the idea of infinite universes allows their propounders to remain materialists in good standing."
Who has seen neanderthal man? No one. It's not science. It's not observable. It's a myth.
But what about Piltdown man?
The whole thing turned out to be an elaborate hoax.
Science: what kind? Observational, Historical, or Theoretical?
However! They often aren't actually speaking of science, as in observational, scientific method type science.
They make their claims using historical or theoretical "science."
We have the law of gravity. Why, because it can be observed, tested and verified.
Read more about Science: what kind? Observational, Historical, or Theoretical?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.881778
Retrieved Text: Software can assist you with nearly every aspect of your life. You can use software to alter photographs, create designs, and assist you with desktop organization. Some software can predict the weather and your horoscope. Other programs can help you design fashion outfits and help you decide upon a new hairstyle or hair color. Many software programs are expensive, though not all expensive programs are the best programs. Various science software programs exist, and many of these programs are excellent learning tools. If you want to learn more about science or if you want to delve deeper into a particular type of science, you will find that software is the best way to go about understanding science.
You will also discover that many free science software packages exist. These programs can be downloaded from various websites – just watch out for software that contains too many advertisements! The world of software is interesting to us too, which is why we collect information about science software. When we find details that we think you’ll find interesting, we publish those details on our Software Directory page. You can use our directory to begin your research into the many types of science software. You will also find that many excellent software review sites exist. Before you buy any type of software, take a second to read various software reviews. You will discover that some programs are far superior to others. If science is what you’re after, you’re sure to find software that makes science simple.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.7953
Retrieved Text: Cow dung is a type of biomass fuel.
This Science quiz is called 'Natural Resources' and it has been written by teachers to help you if you are studying the subject at middle school. Playing educational quizzes is a fabulous way to learn if you are in the 6th, 7th or 8th grade - aged 11 to 14.
Wind is a natural resource. A wind turbine is a rotary device that extracts energy from the wind. The United Kingdom plans to use offshore wind turbines to generate enough power to light every home in the UK by 2020.
Try our science quiz on Natural Resources.
Bauxite is a mineral that can be made into what?
The letters HEP refer to what type of power?
Which problem is not caused by burning fossil fuels?
How are coal, oil and natural gas collectively known?
Which of these is not a natural resource?
Trees give out which gas?
Coal, oil and natural gas can be described how?
What form of power uses heat from below ground?
Which of these is not a biomass fuel?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.752272
Retrieved Text: Secondary School pupils from across the country are given a taste of what computer science involves by taking part in a practical programming activity. This sessions is part of First Chances at St Andrews.
High school pupils from across the world are given a taste of what studying computer science at a Scottish university involves. Pupils attend lectures in the morning and take part in fun, hands-on activities in the afternoon. These sessions are part of the Science Summer Programme at St Andrews.
High school pupils from across the world are given a taste of what studying computer science at a Scottish university involves. Pupils attend lectures on Monday and Tuesday and take part in fun, hands-on activities on Thursday and Friday. These sessions are part of the Science Summer Programme at St Andrews.
The School of Computer Science runs daily sessions as part of the Sutton Trust summer school. The sessions are aimed at giving school pupils an insight into what it would be like to study computer science at university.
During the sessions, pupils take part in practical programming exercises and attend lectures similar to those they would receive studying with us.
The SICSA Summer School on Practical Types will give participants an overview of how types can be used in practice. Types have provided numerous benefits in programming language research, including language design and compiler construction, over the years and this trend looks set to continue into the future. But types have also found much wider practical application, e.g. in areas such as programme verification, termination checking, security,

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.743853
Retrieved Text: How does the Materials Science Lab help other Scholle IPN locations?
What type of testing capabilities does the Materials Science Lab have?
How does the Materials Science Lab support the growth of Scholle IPN?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.69844
Retrieved Text: Can you defend your faith when challenged by others? Our Veracity blog founder, John Paine, has been thinking about this question, courtesy of J.I. Packer. But what are some of the obstacles that you and your fellow Christians face when given the opportunity to defend one’s faith? I have been meditating on these type of questions lately, as our Facts & Faith Symposium wrapped up about six weeks or so ago in November, 2013. I would like share some of the things that I have been learning.
Our Symposium, sponsored partly by Veracity over three nights (#1, #2, and #3), covered the topic of Creation and how Science and the Bible relate to one another. OK, hang on for a minute. I admit that I am a bit of a science-geek. This is no surprise, as I am a computer engineer, so it comes with the territory. I know that there are a lot of friends of mine who could care less about science. As long as they can use their iPhones and work the microwave oven, technologies that have been brought to us by the miracle of modern science, then that is just fine with them.
I get that. Not everyone can be totally into “science-ish” type stuff, and I am no expert either. I still can not figure out how to connect a DVD player to a television screen easily, so if you ask me to help you hook up your home theater system, I will just end up staring at the puddle of wires for

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.673859
Retrieved Text: Hello there fellow seekers of all things Science!
Our mission is to answer those questions for you. To help you in any way we can.
So ask if you have questions and please tell us if you need more than we have provided. Honest, we want this to be your primary reference source for science related homework or projects. So tell us what you need if it isn’t already on here!
One of the hardest things to do in just about any new task is how to start.
If you know the project you are looking for, you can type a word or two in the search box in the upper right corner of the site to see if it will pop up for you.
Chances are you’ll only know you have to do a science project and need ideas on what to try. In that case, we recommend clicking on the main menu title “Project” at the top of the site. Not the dropdowns, just on the title.
That will take you to a pretty long list of science projects seperated by categories like Earth Science and others. Those are all clickable links so if something looks interesting, that’s where to start.
You might know you have to do an Electricity or Earth Science project of some type. You can still use the same list, just jump down to the right section of the list … or … use the The drop down menus under the “Projects” tab. Using those drop down menus takes you to the same list but with a

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.657735
Retrieved Text: An interactive workshop and technical skill share on issues related to science and health reporting. Followed by a discussion on what is being covered in the mainstream and alternative media, what is not and why.
In a world that is full of facts about issues related to science and health, it is important to know how to: present facts accurately, include details about new research, be able to account for multiple sources and shed light on important or new discoveries.
The interactive workshop will be an opportunity for participants to learn the necessary technical skills to write a science and/or health report. The workshop will be followed by a discussion on what type of science and health coverage there is in the mainstream and alternative media, leading to the interesting question of what is being left out of the coverage and why.
As a long-time academic and activist, Abby Lippman’s areas of research interest includes womens health. Abby is also very involved in her community as an activist. In addition to this, she is a contributor for an independent French magazine, Ababord and the Montreal Media Co-op.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.611068
Retrieved Text: WUWT search engine issues and site update | Wott's Up With That?
“WUWT search engine issues and site update” (2011-12-31). You know why Anthony Watts’ website isn’t the top science website in the whole world? Because we’re not Googling “global warming” and diligently hunting for and then clicking on WUWT. Get clicking, only you can stop the secret communist world government take-over! Speak truth to Power!
Although famously opaque, it seems that the painful truth is that Google’s heartless search algorithms have figured out that Anthony’s website is pretty much the least useful place to look for information about “global warming”.
This entry was posted in Self-Pity, Self-promotion by Ben. Bookmark the permalink.
Indeed. And ‘Real Science’ is the least useful place to look for information on real science.
Thanks for that. I’m also tempted to start one called ‘The Bishop’s Pill’ as an antidote to the nonsense from Montford. If anyone is interested, I have already mocked the sites header.
Hmmm… I wouldn’t be at all surprised if Google deliberately ‘manages’ search rankings for more than purely commercial reasons. But I suspect you are right – WUWT would not reasonably be near the top of sites one would want to find if looking for the serious science around AGW.
It does however turn up within the top 6 for the search “global warming blog truth”, and the top 4 for the search “global warming blog whole truth”.. And even more deliciously, it is number one for the search “most viewed global warming blog”.
Hysterical! But, people *do* and *are* using WattsUpWithThat for Climate

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.60911
Retrieved Text: Tech is facing a talent gap, in the absence of formal data science degrees at major universities.
The assumption that only computer science majors have a place in the new economy is a "very shallow view," CA Technologies CEO Mike Gregoire said.
The type of logical thinking taught in philosophy comes in handy when poring through data and building algorithms, he said.
Tech is facing a talent gap, partially due to the dearth of formal data science degrees at major universities — and according to one CEO, philosophy majors are stepping up to fill in.
"You take a look at the vast variety of people that move into the profession of being a data scientist — they do come from traditional computer science. There's a big population that's coming out of math, especially statistical analysis, and there's also a big group coming from philosophy," Mike Gregoire, CEO of CA Technologies told CNBC's "Squawk on the Street" Thursday. "Philosophers understand how to think very logically."
That type of logical thinking comes in handy when poring through data and building algorithms, Gregoire said.
The assumption that only computer science majors have a place in the new economy is a "very shallow view," he said.
Gregoire attributed the tech talent gap to the speed at which the economy shifted toward artificial intelligence and deep learning — compared to historical economic shifts.
"This is happening a lot faster, and I think that's what caught most people off guard," Gregoire said.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.5869
Retrieved Text: From Wikipedia: Science (from Latin scientia, meaning “knowledge”) is a systematic enterprise that builds and organizes knowledge in the form of testable explanations and predictions about the universe. In an older and closely related meaning (found, for example, in Aristotle), “science” refers to the body of reliable knowledge itself, of the type that can be logically and rationally explained (see History and philosophy below). Since classical antiquity science as a type of knowledge was closely linked to philosophy.
In the early modern era the words “science” and “philosophy” were sometimes used interchangeably in the English language. By the 17th century, natural philosophy (which is today called “natural science”) was considered a separate branch of philosophy. However, “science” continued to be used in a broad sense denoting reliable knowledge about a topic, in the same way it is still used in modern terms such as library science or political science.
In modern use, “science” more often refers to a way of pursuing knowledge, not only the knowledge itself. It is “often treated as synonymous with ‘natural and physical science’, and thus restricted to those branches of study that relate to the phenomena of the material universe and their laws, sometimes with implied exclusion of pure mathematics. This is now the dominant sense in ordinary use.” This narrower sense of “science” developed as scientists such as Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei and Isaac Newton began formulating laws of nature such as Newton’s laws of motion. In this period it became more common to refer to natural philosophy as “natural science”.
Over the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.535352
Retrieved Text: The goal of a Balanced Team is to share ownership and responsibility for the success of a project between team members. Each team member has specific obligations to the team and a specific area of authority. Until recently, designers, product managers and developers were the usual team members considered. In this talk I explore how data scientists can function in a balanced team and discuss my experience working as a data scientist on balanced teams at Pivotal Labs with our global clients. I consider what obligations and authority a data scientist can provide as part of a balanced team and how this situation differs from the usual jack-of-all-trades type data science work. I outline specific examples where data science can help user centric design and product management, and where the practices of lean-startup and agile development can help accelerate analysis and data science. Based on my experience building data science driven products with a global bank and European car manufacturers, I describe what we tried, what worked and most importantly what didn’t.
If you are a data scientist or need to work with one, this talk will equip you to understand how data science can be an integral part of a balanced team.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.520779
Retrieved Text: Where are we supposed to talk about science news?
The former Current Events board (now renamed "The Academy") is the place for that.
There was always overlap between the CEB and the Science board as to what topics went where. It only makes sense under this new structure to put these "academic" type of topics in one place.
With "The Academy" or a Science board?
"The Academy" sounds so pretentious doe.
It was the only thing I could think of. I'm open to any similar suggestions.
Why not "The Newsroom" because science news is still news.
How about putting it back to Current Events and keeping the description sans "ICE Summer Camp"?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.514355
Retrieved Text: Relevance of astrologer, benefits of taking help of astrologer, Important questions in life,Future vision, How to use Astrology?
If you want to know about future astrologer will help you, if you want to know about the destiny an astrologer will do so for you, if you want to know about the hidden qualities of you personality astrologer can help you, if you want to know about the power segment then also astrologer will help you. So there is no area in which you can leave astrology. Astrology will help any type of person in doing any type of work. This is an occult science which is assisting scholars for the decades.
One example will clear you the importance of astrologer. Suppose if you are passing through an unknown way then there is chance of trap some where due to some pit, animals, looters etc. But if some one guide you and tell you that the following type of problem will arise on that point then you will prepare your self for the incident and you may take proper measures to save your self. The same thing happens with astrologer. Astrologer is able to see the future loopholes and power time too.
So if a good astrologer will be with you then you are able to make your every time moderate.
Astrology is a science of planets.
Astrology is a subject which deals with the zodiac, planets, time.
It is a divine science through which we are able to know about the ins and outs of life.
In astrology horoscope is used to find

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.486326
Retrieved Text: If you've always been interested in electronics, imaging and how computers are used to control the latest technology, you might want to consider a master's degree program that covers instrumentation. Learn more about the field, what degree programs are available, enrollment requirements, curriculum and potential careers. Schools offering Electrical Engineering degrees can also be found in these popular choices.
Instrumentation is an engineering discipline that deals with observing, controlling and measuring physical occurrences. For example, programs that cover biomedical instrumentation will teach you how to measure, observe and control physiological occurrences, such as heart rate, blood flow, body temperature and neural signals. In a technology, computing or electronics program, you'll learn how to measure and control electrical signals. Instrumentation programs that deal with robotics will also teach you about the pneumatic, hydraulic and physical means of measuring an input, controlling an output or observing a physical occurrence.
What Kinds of Master's Degrees in Instrumentation Can I Earn?
Master's degree programs specifically in instrumentation technology are only offered through colleges outside the United States. However, you can earn your Master of Science in Biomedical Engineering with a specialization in instrumentation, Master of Science in Instrumentation or Master of Science in Engineering Physics with a concentration in instrumentation and automation.
You can also enroll in a Professional Science Master's (PSM) Master of Science program, which provides interdisciplinary training in business as well as a scientific field. None of these programs are available online.
What Will I Need to Enroll?
You'll need to earn a bachelor's degree before enrolling in any type of master's degree

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.43154
Retrieved Text: A beef with beef. Mad cow epidemic.
What causes Mad Cow disease? Is there a new type of infectious agent - a prion - that's responsible? What happens when science faces an unknown pathogen, and what are the implications for public health? Explore these questions and more.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.428879
Retrieved Text: There are several useful sites that invite students to submit science-related questions, and then those sites publish responses.
The latest entry into this field is The Science Master. You can read about it at The Edublogger’s post: THE SCIENCE MASTER: A RESOURCE FOR CURIOUS STUDENTS.
Highlights Magazine has a nice feature called Explore and More that answers various science questions.
Science Buddies has an “Ask An Expert” feature.
Skype a Scientist matches scientists with classrooms around the world! Scientists will skype into the classroom for 30-60 minute Q and A sessions that can cover the scientist’s expertise or what it’s like to be a scientist. We want to give students the opportunity to get to know a “real scientist”, and this program allows us to reach students from all over the world without having to leave the lab! We have over 2150 scientists ready to chat, and teachers can choose the type of scientist that will fit their classroom. Let’s start a conversation!
Let me know what I left out!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.4027815
Retrieved Text: With a few simple materials on hand and Sharpie® markers, kids can turn scraps of fabric or plastic into works of art. Sharpie Tie-Dye is a great way to add colorful and creative STEM to the holidays and winter break.
Pairing science, technology, engineering, and math exploration with creative hands-on projects and activities is a great way to get kids excited about STEM, even if the project is presented simply as a fun "to do" craft or family activity. Using permanent markers, like Sharpie®, and alcohol, kids can create cool tie-dyed projects. From canvas shoes or bags to t-shirts to pieces of plastic or ceramic, kids can make colorful works of art and learn more about chemistry and solubility at the same time.
As a STEM activity, families can use the basic Sharpie tie-dye procedure and explore different variables as part of the process of understanding and perfecting the technique. This project requires familiar materials and is a relatively low-mess alternative to traditional tie-dying. Can you get the same kinds of patterns and designs with Sharpie tie-dye? Watch what happens when alcohol is added to colored circles of permanent marker ink. How does the ink spread? Does it always spread the same way? How can you use what you observe to create new designs—or to get the designs you envision?
Once you have explored basic STEM questions, you and your kids can move on to examining other variables. For example, does the type of fabric matter? Does the type of alcohol matter? How does the process work with non-fabric

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.400421
Retrieved Text: After 17 years of being a full-time faculty member at UMass (from 2001-2018), I am now an Adjunct Professor (effective 9/1/2018). I am currently Director of the Data Science Lab at Adobe Research in San Jose, CA. Adobe's Digital Experience Cloud processes trillions of consumer transactions on behalf of thousands of corporations, involving hundreds of petabytes of data. Understanding how to design machine learning algorithms that operate at such massive web scales is an exciting challenge that has drawn me to the Bay Area.
I am developing a new framework called imagination science. Traditional data science, like statistics, constructs descriptive summaries of experience, and answers the question "What is?", converting experience into probability distributions. Imagination Science explores a much broader palette of questions, including answering "What if?" interventional queries, as well as "Why?" explanations, and counterfactual imagination-type reasoning. I am giving a tutorial on imagination science at AAAI 2019, and also co-organizing a AAAI 2019 Spring Symposium on this topic.
Elias Bareinboim, Sridhar Mahadevan, Judea Pearl, Bernhard Scholkopf, and Prasad Tadepalli, Beyond Curve Fitting: Causation, Counterfactuals, and Imagination-based AI, AAAI Spring Symposium, March 25-27, Stanford University, Palo Alto, CA, 2019.
Imagination Science: Beyond Data Science, Tutorial at AAAI Conference, January 2019. Honolulu, Hawaii.
Tutorial on a new framework for ML and AI based on variational inequalities, AAAI 2015, January 26 2015.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.3845825
Retrieved Text: Would you like a scientific blast from the past? The Pacific Science Center in Seattle posts a monthly list of scientific facts for each day of the month called the Calendar of Science. On this day, 124 years ago, Vladimir Zworykin was born. He was the engineer “who invented the type of cathode-ray picture tube used in TV sets [and] computer monitors.” Check out the Calendar of Science to find out what happened on tomorrow’s date.

================



======= Instance Index 9396 =========
Input Text: Who designs a building?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- builders
- driver
- architect
- fall down
- tradesmen

Target Text: architect

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.033299
Retrieved Text: Building house plans designs luxamcc org is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. Building house plans designs luxamcc org is posted on the category Home Floor Plan Designer in the joswall.com website. This post of "building house plans designs luxamcc org" was published on 01-08-2018 by martin and has been viewed 730,923 times.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Building house plans designs luxamcc org can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
20x30 house designs and plans or scintillating house building plans is posted in the category House Building Plans and published on 01-08-2018 by martin. Image source: cleancrew.ca. Click on the title to see more..
House plans design modern designs flat roof building plans classic is posted in the category House Building Plans and published on 01-08-2018 by martin. Image source: unepauselitteraire.com. Click on the title to see more..
House building designs home modern pics office plans ideas is posted in the category House Building Plans and published on 01-08-2018 by dave. Image source: altinkil.com. Click on the title to see more..
Summer house plans free luxamcc org is posted in the category House Building Plans and published on 01-08-2018 by dave. Image source: luxamcc.org. Click on the title to see

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.946706
Retrieved Text: mobile tiny house plans as well as 2 bedroom tiny house plans luxury rectangle floor plans luxury mobile tiny house plans mobile tiny for create stunning mobile tiny house building plans 276.
small mobile house design tiny building plans for designs floor home best luxury,for photos mobile tiny house building plans designs small design ideas home top kaf homes 11,or mobile tiny house design designs best plans 12 of floor for houses small,coatings liquid roof small mobile house design tiny designs leaks epdm for building plans rubber,mobile of tiny house design plans home designs luxury building best portable,plans cool on house sale tiny small mobile design non building wheels for,luxury house plans non mobile tiny designs trailer design thepearl,home mobile tiny house design small plans architectural non,mobile tiny house design plans small for non sale building,house new non mobile tiny plans americas all best american small design building unique 15.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Mobile Tiny House Plans As Well As 2 Bedroom Tiny House Plans Luxury Rectangle Floor Plans Luxury Mobile Tiny House Plans Mobile Tiny For Create Stunning Mobile Tiny House Building Plans 276 can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.829206
Retrieved Text: Residential building designs ideas photo gallery architecture plans 43250 is just one of the many collections of pictures or photos that are on this website. Residential building designs ideas photo gallery architecture plans 43250 is posted on the category Residential Building Plans in the benishop.co website. This post of "residential building designs ideas photo gallery architecture plans 43250" was published on 21-06-2018 by dave and has been viewed 110,626 times.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Residential building designs ideas photo gallery architecture plans 43250 can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories, you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all. Thank you for visiting.
2 story house designs ideas photo gallery home building plans 22249 is posted in the category 2 Story House Plans and published on 08-01-2018 by dave. Image source: louisfeedsdc.com. Click on the title to see more..
Residential building designs modern house is posted in the category Residential Building Plans and published on 24-04-2018 by paul. Image source: aadecors.com. Click on the title to see more..
Image gallery modern apartment building designs is posted in the category Residential Building Plans and published on 09-06-2018 by dave. Image source: keywordsuggest.org. Click on the title to see more..
Image gallery modern residential building design is posted in the category Residential Building Plans and published on 22-03-2018 by dave. Image source: keywordsuggest.org. Click

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.662149
Retrieved Text: Perth Soakwells is glad to offer stormwater designs for your property or sub division. Our stormwater designs Perth are fully certified to ensure you comply with your council's requirements.
Our designs suit clients who are sub-dividing, have DIY building projects and owner builders who require stormwater plans and designs for council approval.
We, in partnership with Perth's leading hydraulic engineers, offer your a premium service at cost effective prices.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.396787
Retrieved Text: You will find that our architecture muse templates are great for professional services in connection with the design and construction of a building. Some of these muse templates could be for architects who want to show off their designs and ideas, for engineers who want to show off their past work or future projects, or for architectural or building companies in general. Over thousands of years architecture has changed dramatically, so these architecture template designs could be a good starting point for a historian as well. All sorts of different possibilities for your architecture based project.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.230292
Retrieved Text: Contemporary Wood Table Designs Plans. Get Contemporary Wood Table Designs Plans Free Download : Learn techniques & deepen your practice with classes from pros. Discover classes, experts, and inspiration to bring your ideas to life. Courses: Crocheting, Embroidery, Knitting, Quilting, Sewing.
Contemporary Gate Designs Photos By Candice Olson. Contemporary Kitchen Designs By Candice Olson. The Best Contemporary Kitchen Designs By Candice Olson Free Download PDF And Video. Get Contemporary Kitchen Designs By Candice Olson: Find the right plan for your next woodworking project.
Class Building & Design Engineers Pty Ltd. George Constantopoulos, the Director/Owner of Class Building & Design Engineers Pty Ltd (Class BDE) is a metal fabricator who has been working with metals since 1985.
Los Angeles Wood Driveway Gates & Beautiful Entry Gates. Wood Driveway Gates & Entry Gates. Looking for a beautiful wood driveway or entry gate? I design and build custom gates that reflect the architectural style of your home, whether you have a Spanish Colonial, a Mediterranean villa, a Craftsman style home, or an English garden cottage.
Lexington Griffin Gate Marriott. Browse our photographs of Lexington Griffin Gate Marriott Resort & Spa. See our 18-hole golf course, hotel rooms, spa and restaurants in Lexington, KY.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.221426
Retrieved Text: Having rich industry experience and knowledge, we are engaged in offering Building Design Services. We are expert in providing services of commercial and residential projects. Our designs are modern yet elegant. We offer enthusiastic approach to your ideas. Our services include high quality contemporary building designs that suit the requirement of our clients.
As a notable name of this business sector, we are massively indulged in offering Pre Engineered Building Designing Service to our patrons. Due to our devotion and specialization towards the quality, these services are enormously valued by our clients. Apart from this, these services are executed by nimble personnel as per the patrons’ demands.
Bettering the environment is also our priority and part of our responsibility to our clients.
Our contribution to the environment starts with improvements to the physical performance of buildings. Our dedicated team of researchers are constantly evolving strategies to create more sustainable building solutions.
- Design Quality is consistent and is based on latest design in USA Codes but it can be changed as per client requirement.
We are well known in Baramati & Pune area for innovative Designing with Customer Satisfaction.
Clients now intend to have a single point of contact who can provide design consultancy as well as who can execute those designs within the project constraints of time, cost & quality. This has created a new vista for the designers/ contractors and has helped clients to achieve the cost optimization.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.175478
Retrieved Text: This image gallery named as Designs For Building Birdhouses Backyard Shed Bar 12 X might be ideal solution for your decoration. As the author has insert this image into 12×12 Garage Door post section, would ease you to find the perfect match of you decor desire.
In the event you think that the wall coloring has already been faded, painting the walls can be the optimal/optimally solution. It’s suggested that you choose various colors with various details to generate a new new designs for building birdhouses backyard shed bar 12 x.
First you should pick furniture that is tough. Even the sturdiness of one’s garage furniture should have the ability to assess centered around the material of the furnishings. Price usually can show the quality of one’s household furniture also. It really is wise to allow one personally to buy strong and durable furniture instead of buying some new furniture items in limited moment.
Building one family area and garage is actually a means to prepare two chambers at the little property. For this particular concept, you just put a room edge to divide garage and alive place. The room boundary might be semi permanent and semi permanent depending on the appetite. In the event you despise this boundary, then you will not have to put in some borders. designs for building birdhouses backyard shed bar 12 x can impact general appearance of that room. Absolutely, consider setting right home furniture items and interior design.
designs for building birdhouses backyard shed bar 12 x are provided to you in several

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.140976
Retrieved Text: Style Design & Architecture Ltd (SDA Ltd) is an Architectural Technologist designing team for Local Authority Approvals. Our Services include: Planning and Building Control Application designs for Extensions Loft Conversions New Builds Barn Conversions/Renovations Commercial: Bars Night Clubs Restaurants Offices Convenience Stores. We specialise in Bespoke architectural designs for Loft Conversions and Extensions. Our services cover initial inception designs to construction completion from our construction co-ordinators. One company all the services.
I Mainly deal with domestic building work (i.e. home extension and loft conversions.) My services include initial property survey, Draughting Proposals, Submitting planning application's and Building Regulations.
A small local Architectural and Building Surveying practice who consider your needs foremost. From initial contact through to completion, you will have only one person to contact who will oversee the project on your behalf and to your satisfaction. We specialise in domestic building projects and have good knowledge of all types of buildings, such as barns, historic and new buildings. We also have many years experience of designing extensions, loft conversions, new buildings and altering existing buildings. Please feel free to call for a no obligation discussion of your requirements. We also offer a free site visit to determine the viability of your project.
DON''T MOVE, IMPROVE! If you are planning an extension think of us for a professional, hassle free service. We will come to you to provide a free quote and complete all the necessary submission forms! We operate mainly in Kent but will happily come to London and surrounding areas - why pay London rates? Call now

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.139015
Retrieved Text: Chrysler Building Silhouette. On this page presented 28+ Chrysler Building Silhouette photos and images free for download and editing. Select any of these Chrysler Building Silhouette pictures that best fits your web designs or other projects.... After a really painful breakup, this is a thank you gift for someone who pulled me from my darkness. I know it isn’t perfect, but it’s made me so happy to make!
Building Drawing Building Illustration Chrysler Building New York Art Doodle Designs Gcse Art Art Deco Design New Art Art Inspo Forward chrysler building drawing Architectural drawings by …... Click the Boy Building a Snowman coloring pages to view printable version or color it online (compatible with iPad and Android tablets). You might also be interested in coloring pages from Winter category.
Click the Boy Building a Snowman coloring pages to view printable version or color it online (compatible with iPad and Android tablets). You might also be interested in coloring pages from Winter category.... Office Building Layout Create floor plan examples like this one called Office Building Layout from professionally-designed floor plan templates. Simply add walls, windows, doors, and fixtures from SmartDraw's large collection of floor plan libraries.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.114121
Retrieved Text: Has pictures and diy building an types of sample designs fire pit fireplaces fireplace. Grill or. Outdoor fireplace grill sample designs, landscaping and plans you can have it yourself designs and ideas and ideas for building fireplaces and we offer the right tools who designs and curated looks for a couple of a. A typical outdoor fire tables and provides row by row plans can do it be a fireplace design ideas for simple grill and outdoor kitchen from stainless steel this outdoor fireplace barbecue and inspire your home projects outdoor retreat large collection is something that outdoor brick grill unique designs.
Find ideas how to build an outdoor fireplace manufacture tips for homes in the postwar 1950s fireplace with a fireplace is located on how to. Pit designs and inspiration and outdoor kitchen. Outdoor fireplace grill designs images, designs diago freestanding grill and outdoor fireplace is easy and constructing your outdoor kitchen design outdoor firebox designs employ cinder blocks or modern fireplace design your outdoor kitchens design chiminea outdoor kitchen design outdoor fireplace combo by focus creations images outdoor firebox designs fire pit and charming ideas for these rendered images. Want your backyard fireplace scenic designs on houzz to build it you can.
Line from your selection of your food with the finest brands in ontario. Dazzling warmth figuratively and shop grills outdoor. Outdoor fireplace grill designs brands, and garage brick grill accessory to represent many of builtin gas fireplace ideas and company and browse our wide selection of styles this elite collection of ideas inspiration and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.004702
Retrieved Text: About Us: Gulfstream Composites Boat Designs is a collaboration between Joel Shine (JS) and Ignacio Lopez Almenar (ILA). Our mission is to offer stock boat designs which are high performance, but within the building abilities of non-professional boat builder, using easily sourced materials. ILA's career as a naval architect and engineer joined with the boat building and technical expertise of Joel Shine results in professionally engineered boats that are easily built and functional.
Ignacio Lopez Almenar (ILA): ILA's career as a naval architect and marine engineer spans close to 50 years. ILA has and acted as project manager for many (80+) commercial ships and passenger vessels. Ships and boats designed by ILA have range from large steel commercial vessles, aluminum passenger craft to 20 meters, and GRP (fiberglass/composite) recreational boats. ILA' career has also included the development of several types ship design software, as well as teaching of naval architecture and engineering (university and post-graduate levels).
Joel Shine (JS): Joel Shine has been in the boat plans/kits business for over a decade. In that time he has offered expert technical support for thousands of customers who have built everything from simple canoes to 30'+ custom boats. JS has expertise and experience in composite materials and construction methods ranging from simple to advanced vacuum bagging and resin infusion. As an avid fisherman, JS begins each design from the view of the boat builder and the end user.
About our plans: Our designs take advantage of modern composite materials to give a boat that is extremely strong and light weight. The

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.924429
Retrieved Text: House Plans Australia Australia Floor Plans 2 bedroom house plans.
Australian house building plans Posted in imuasia.us. If you want to use australian house building plans , take your time and find the best images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use only.
Australian house building plans is one of wonderful image reference about designs and ideas. we present this image with the best to you which will make you comfortable and give you many details of australian house building plans.
There are so many design ideas in the post australian house building plans that you can find, you can find ideas in the gallery.
apartments Building Plans For Homes Magnificent House Building.
How Much Does It Cost To Build A House An Australian Guide.
House plans OVER 80 MODERN AUSTRALIAN DESIGNS.
Nimbus House Habitech Systems Australian Sustainable Modular.
149 best Plans Maisons 2complet images on Pinterest House.
Astounding House Building Plans Australia 8 Two Bedroom House Plans.
Australian House Building Plans Design Ideas Inspirational Large.
Building A House Plan Australian House Building Plans yuinoukincom.
Australian House Building Manual Australian Decks Pergolas Allan Staines.
House for my mother n law House Pinterest House Australian.
Home Designs Home Builders Floor Plans.
Modern Australian House Plans and Apartment Floor Plans Designs.
Peachy 7 Australian House Building Plans Australia Split Floor House.
Free Australian House Designs and Floor Plans and Beautiful House.
Australian Houses Australia House Designs earchitect.
Bold Display Home Unleashing the Power of Traditional Design.
Plans Archive Green Homes Australia.
19 Amazing Compact House Plan Building Plans Online 57679.
How Much Do New House Plans Cost hipagescomau.
Floor

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.923261
Retrieved Text: We have many years of experience designing and building innovative small cabins and homes in various parts of the world. We have now started a custom manufacturing operation dedicated solely to construct and deliver custom Tiny Homes on Wheels (THOW’s) and Carriage Homes (sometimes called Coach or Laneway Homes) primarily in the Ontario market but also for anyone anywhere who requests one or more.
We have some of our own truly unique and very cool designs in our library, but primarily specialize in building to designs brought in by our customers. The Tiny House community is strong and growing, with many tremendous new designs showing up in our network almost daily. We provide structures based on these designs, and we ensure the originator of the design is compensated properly. We don’t pirate other designs without permission and compensation unless it’s expressly cool to do so.
We offer 3 types of construction methods – Structural Insulated Panels, Structural Steel Framing, and standard wood stud construction. All have their own benefits depending on the usage and location of the desired building.
We also offer integrated off-grid packages as well including solar, wind, grey water systems, composting toilets, etc. for complete independence from hydro and municipal services.
We are looking for “expressions of interest”, i.e. from people or businesses who may be looking for one of our structures to fulfill a need this winter, spring or summer. There will be no hard sales tactics from us that you will have to contend with – although you will certainly be welcome to engage with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.911796
Retrieved Text: Best 68+ woodwork shelf designs free download pdf video, Custom tab. woodwork shelf designs. basically, anyone who is interested in building with wood can learn it successfully with the help of free woodworking.
Diy wood shelf designs – patterns for woodworking projects, Woodcraft offers over 20,000 [ diy wood shelf designs ] ★★ patterns for woodworking projects [ diy wood shelf designs ] tools, woodworking plans.
Diy wooden letter designs reviews | shelf woodworking plans, Shelf woodworking plans ☀ [ diy wooden letter designs reviews ] gives you the best of the online idea in one place.★★★ (2,954 reviews).
Free woodworking shelf plans | woodworking project plans, Find vidos, ideas, reviews for free woodworking shelf plans. download right plan for your next woodworking project..

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.851132
Retrieved Text: RockHill Designs™ is so much more than a Sterling Silver Jewelry company. We are a community of women that come from all walks of life, here to support one another and work together to share the RockHill Love! Imagine being part of a company where your VOICE matters, where YOU are valued and where you are part of a bigger VISION to EMPOWER and support like-minded women in building the business of their dreams.
RockHill is not your average cookie-cutter jewelry company. They offer unique, exclusive, handcrafted .925 Sterling Silver jewelry designs like nothing else out there. The Founder Lynette Novak designs a portion of our jewelry collection and has been working with artisans around the world for almost ten years. It’s not often you find a jewelry company where the owner is also the designer.
RockHill Designs™ jewelry encompasses a combination of .925 sterling silver, genuine stones, leather, and cultured freshwater pearls, all at affordable prices. You can feel confident bringing something fresh to your customers regularly they introduce new designs nearly every month.
Not only is the jewelry unique, but so is the opportunity. RockHill is the first company in the industry to offer two career tracks, one for women who want only to sell product and one for those women who want to build a team.
There are no inventory requirements at RockHill Designs™, no credit card fees, and no high monthly quotas. All orders are shipped directly to your customers, often within 24 hours of their order.
If you want to sell our gorgeous jewelry only, you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.846438
Retrieved Text: DIPINDESIGN provides creative and technical solutions to improvise the existing structure to make it functional, attractive and beneficial to the occupants' quality of life and culture. Our designs respond to and coordinate with the building shell and acknowledge the physical location and social context of the project. We adhere to code and regulatory requirements and encourage the principles of environmental sustainability. DIPINDESIGN, a team of professionals who undertake turDIPINDESIGN provides creative and technical solutions to improvise the existing structure to make it functional, attractive and beneficial to the occupants' quality of life and culture. Our designs respond to and coordinate with the building shell and acknowledge the physical location and social context of the project. We adhere to code and regulatory requirements and encourage the principles of environmental sustainability. DIPINDESIGN, a team of professionals who undertake turnkey projects.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.838792
Retrieved Text: IDS Group employs professional engineers and designers who are experts in the fields of heating, ventilating, air conditioning, plumbing, piping, and fire protection. The mechanical and plumbing engineering division has designed HVAC, plumbing, process piping, irrigation systems, and fire protection systems for more than 250 public projects, which have included designs for the reconstruction and modernization of more than 100 facilities.
IDS Group is at the forefront of “green technology” and combines sustainable, energy-efficient, and environmentally-conscious designs as a significant component of each project. We are a member of the Green Building Council, on design teams for LEED-certified building projects, and employ several full-time LEED APs.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.810221
Retrieved Text: Not only do you get the home you want you also increase the value of your home which instantly increases equity. If you do the remodeling project yourself you can increase the value well above and beyond the cost it took to do the remodel. Even if you use a contractor you can still come out in the black after all is said and done.
Real estate is all about location, location, location. Chances are your home is in a location that you find convenient. Moving to a different neighborhood and section of town means having to find new ways to get to work, different stores to shop at, and possibly different schools for your kids.
Homes aren’t just structures made up of wood and concrete. They are filled with great memories such as holidays, birthday parties, laughter, and good times. Moving means you have to leave all of those things behind.
If you like your current floor plan and layout of your home, but not the look then a remodel is perfect. If your home has that perfect spot for the Christmas tree, or a tucked away section where you can read a book it may be hard to replace that in a new house.
If you like this post please read 4 other top reasons to remodel your house.
Building is something that needs a keen eye on detailing and a fine taste in art and appealing concepts. You many think that building will only apply to putting up a building and its interiors. However, there is the other

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.767892
Retrieved Text: Front Elevation Design For Building: Indian residential building elevations joy studio design.
Duplex house front elevation designs of. warm house design indian style plan and elevation. front elevation design modern duplex. house front elevation design for double floor theydesign. modern front elevation small house houses plans designs. residential multi storey building elevation design small. exterior elevation design single floor house front. modern front elevation designs homes floor plans. beautiful house elevation designs gallery pictures. ghar exterior design lovely flat front elevation designs. indian building front elevation homedesignpictures. front elevation design house home finance. front elevation of yunus architecture pinterest. front elevation designs and engineers on. building elevation pictures homes floor plans. house front elevation design for double floor theydesign. house front elevation design for double floor theydesign. yards house plan front elevation design tulip corner plot. front elevation d view of a stilt storey residential.
Ghar exterior design lovely flat front elevation designs.
Front elevation of yunus architecture pinterest.
Indian elevation designs imgkid the image kid.
Front elevation designs home concepts ideas house.
Front elevation europe design house home building plans.
Front side elevation house modern interior designs.
Modern house front view design homes floor plans.
Simple home elevation photos homes floor plans.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.760409
Retrieved Text: The roof of the house is part of the building to serve as a cover and protector of building from the hot sun and rain, so it is functioned to provide comfort for house members. The roof of the house is an important part in building construction because it is above the house to cover all parts of the building. Construction or roof structure generally consists of three main parts, the structure of the roof covering , hording and order the horses. Roof coverings will be supported by the roof truss structure, consisting of horses, hording, rafters and battens. Roof loads will be forwarded to the foundation through the columns and or beams. The roof structure is generally made ​​by adjust the floor plan or the overall shape of the building. If the house consists of two floors, the roof structure was made to follow the floor plan or layout of the house on the second floor. There are several forms of home roof designs that can be used as a reference when you are going to build a house, there are Saddlery roof, Shield roof forms, Saddlery + Shield, Flat roof shape, and Ramp shape. There are a number of materials and types of materials are usually used to cover roofs. The materials used for roofing cover among others : tile, shingle, thatch, and fibers. In this occasion we will talk about thatch roof designs.
Thatch is materials that can be used as roof, that type of roofing is made ​​of leaves, arranged into a house

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.759439
Retrieved Text: Elle Interiors is and interior design business focused on providing clients with timeless designs for their specific needs. While specializing in residential color and material selection for both the exterior and interior, design and space planning, and home staging. Whether you are working through the decision making process for a new build, or your existing home... we can help! The challenges of working within the constraints of small spaces and tight budgets are also welcome.
Building in Northwest Ohio and Southeast Michigan, Homes By Josh Doyle designs & builds every home from scratch. A true one stop shop in custom home building. Josh is a Second Generation builder who utilizes technology in design, production management & budgets.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.754388
Retrieved Text: Scott Manuelle Constructions & Designs will provide you with a comprehensive service for your Building, Carpentry & Interior Design needs. We specialise in new builds, extensions, renovations, granny flats, decks, pergolas, bathrooms, doors, windows, handyman & all aspects of renovations. Also can assist you in all your interior design needs, Room designs & layouts. With several years experience in the carpentry and building sector we have the experience needed to assist you with your projects whether they are big or small, we listen to your requirements, assist you in your decisions in relation to meeting all building codes of conducts to finish your job on time and on budget. Working closely with Alison who has completed her Diploma in Interior Designs we will assist you in maximising your renovation project to its fullest potential creating a space that is unique and functional. Alison has experience in exterior & Interior design, floor plan layout and Kitchen & bathroom designs. We pride ourselves on our knowledgeable and professional work practices and have been exceeding our clients expectations. Scott Manuelle Constructions - Our focus is delivering a high quality service at a competitive price to all our clients, no job is too big or small. If you are looking for a professional and reliable Builder or Interior Designer at an affordable price, give Scott & Alison Manuelle a call today.
Commented: Bold and Blue island. Anyone chosen a similar shade?Hi, we chose a charcoal blue for our wall cupboards and timber look for island. We LOVE our kitchen. I hope

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.736614
Retrieved Text: Designing MEP system requires W. AND ASSOCIATES’s teams not only to have deep engineering knowledge, to consider appropriate engineering practices, and to follow domestic laws and regulations, but to focus on purpose of building requirement integration, to center on economical perspective, and to update the new technology into an individual system as well.
Moreover, W. AND ASSOCIATES has been concerned about sustainable designs, which lead our design to deduct environmental impact and to improve building energy efficiency. With our philosophical approaches, we will deliver optimum designs and flexible solutions based on the best value for every project.
Each of W. AND ASSOCIATES’ engineers is qualified for designing a wide range of systems and has appropriate licenses to take responsibility in several projects. They are also covered by our experienced senior engineers who take in charge in project coordinators and project directors. With our exceptional teams, W. AND ASSOCIATES can deliver reliable designs and satisfactory services to our clients.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.692373
Retrieved Text: Pergola Gazebos Ideas, Designs And DIY Plans.Pergola Gazebos Ideas, Designs And DIY Plans . Awesome Gazebo Decorating You Can Do It Yourself. . Covered Pergola Covered Pergola Designs Covered Pergola Ideas .
22 Free DIY Gazebo Plans & Ideas to Build with Step-by .Here are 22 free DIY gazebo plans and some ideas to . 22 Free DIY Gazebo Plans & Ideas to Build with Step . You can use it for your grill or as a covered bar .
11 Free Wooden Gazebo Plans You Can Download Today.11 Free Gazebo Plans . These free wooden gazebo plans will help you build a gazebo for your yard that will quickly become the hub of your social life or just .
Pavilion Plans - Timber Frame HQ.Pavilion Plans. 24×30 Post and Beam . 3d Beam Brace Budget Cathedral Ceiling Companies Concrete Contractor Covered Porch Craftmanship DIY Do It Yourself Enclosures .
Pergola and Gazebo Design Trends DIY.DIYNetwork.com shows you the latest materials and designs being used to build . this 10' x 10' fully covered pergola is . This modern gazebo is constructed .
how to build a pavilion plans - green composite decking.Learn how to build a pavilion with these simple DIY instructions and free . Backyard Pavilion, Covered Patio . Free Plans Building Outdoor Kitchen Free .
pavilion plans and fireplace - environmentally friendly floor.How to build outdoor fireplace pavilion with . Backyard Pavilion, Covered . There are many good gazebo plans with fireplace and the trick is to choose .
12' x 12' Covered Pavilion Downloadable Building Plans 030.A covered pavilion

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.663273
Retrieved Text: We often praise the building designs but have you ever wondered about the mastermind behind the construction? Well it is because of the talented architects that we are getting some amazing as well as beautiful building constructions so here are few world famous architects who are known for their constructions.
Gaudi has been in Barcelona and has served the place with some amazing construction projects and La Sagrada Familia is one of the most beautiful constructions of Gaudi. The constructions of churches are something he has mastered in and has been served with many beautiful church designs.
He was one of the most talented architects of 20th century and the best part is that many of his works has been recorded as well as collected in the Museum of Solomon R. Guggenheim. His most famous building construction was falling water where he had a rectangular balcony which seems like floating in natural waterfall.
Well talent not always needs educational qualification and Sullivan has proved this well because he could not complete his architectural education due to impatience. He wrote many architectural theories and philosophy as well. Isn’t it strange that now all the top class architectural collages teach his theories? But the fact is that he could never complete his college degrees.
She is among those few women who have been shining in this career. Though she is no more with us as we have lost her in the year 2016 but her amazing constructions as well as designs are still with us and we are all praising the beauty

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.642554
Retrieved Text: Beautiful House Building image above is part of the post in Beautiful House Building gallery. Related with House Designs category.
For House Designs, You can find many ideas on the topic beautiful building house image, beautiful house building, beautiful house building design, beautiful house building photos and many more on the internet, but in the post of Beautiful House Building we have tried to select the best visual idea about House Designs You also can look for more ideas on House Designs category apart from the topic Beautiful House Building.
This post published on Friday, September 21st, 2018 . Read Indian Small House or find other post and pictures about House Designs.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.616489
Retrieved Text: Designs sample kit. Signs are printed 3d designs learn more ideas about architectural handbook plans and request a neutral color options as diverse as well keep you updated with the signs that art deco architectural elements of the best 2d 3d affordable architectural and interior signage display design feedback for designs inc danbury road wilton connecticut. Architectural designs and signs color, the best eye were so enthusiastically adopted by architects and service to an architectural sign designs are printed 3d designs and color. Directory and wayfinding signs chandigarh india likes we regularly add photos of architectural mural installed by jody click to.
Produce great plaques click video to. Designs contained herein are added daily we offer drafting symbols and save ideas about us thanks for building designs love your facility with stunning architectural panel systems. Architectural designs and signs picture, by goodheartwillcox co inc danbury road wilton connecticut. The company. Embody this we offer drafting symbols the same house i like. Graphics or any architectural symbols electrical floor symbols the changes in a beautiful entryways and constructing buildings or existing need in the innovative signs and unique modern church design architectural symbols and commercial building thumbnails at how the perfect personalized keepsake.
Scoutzie offline. Worth texas we ensure that will help and designers available at all images for building designs layouts awesome company signage neon signs. Awesome architectural designs and signs, and if you are added complementary personnel who translate the look by harrison weber in this post lets enjoy color and. Facility with appropriate designs inc likes

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.611478
Retrieved Text: For those who would like to build their own boat, Common Sense is the most important criteria. You want the most boat, in terms of accommodations and performance, for the money, time and effort spent building.
All designs are compromises, meaning that to optimize one design goal you must detract from another. Yet most boat designs seem to focus on creating boats that look like what many seem to think a boat should look like, at the expense of building ease, accommodations and performance.
Do you really want a boat that looks like a poor mans twelve meter, or a copy of an antique "character boat", at the expense of the fore mentioned criteria. Of course not! That is why all Common Sense boat designs are designed to specific goals, then tested to make sure they meet the goals, before plans are released.
That is why several Common Sense Boats are considered the best in their class. That is why, when you build a Common Sense Boat, you are building a better boat than you can buy.
If you believe form follows function, and want to build a boat for yourself, to enjoy on the water instead of to impress the neighbors, a Common Sense Boat is really the only choice.
Boat Designers &Boat Designing Process.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.605325
Retrieved Text: Keystone Designs is proud to begin our 25th year of providing architectural services to the Southwest Michigan area. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our clients, especially our repeat clients, who have found our services to be of added value to their projects.
Keystone Designs is dedicated to the principals of providing quality custom services for each project. We strive to do this by delivering timely, cost effective architectural and engineering services, that meet the needs of our clients. We approach each project, large or small, using a team concept, bringing together the best team members for each commission. This approach gives us expertise needed for each project, but delivered on a direct personal basis.
Our services span a variety of building types, including commercial, multi-family and private residences, religious, health care, institutional, industrial, urban planning and construction management. Project types not only include new facilities, but remodeling, additions, and adaptive reuse of existing buildings.
Stop by and visit our office, or call us for an appointment at Keystone Designs for your next architectural project. Large or small, your project is important to you, and to us! Let Keystone Designs show you how we can make your project successful and your building experience positive. From Concept to Completion - Creative Solutions - Quality Results - Keystone Designs.
We are happy to answer your questions. To learn more or schedule a consultation, call us today at 269-982-2816.

================



======= Instance Index 6853 =========
Input Text: What is the world known to be a part of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- galaxy
- solar system
- universe
- sky
- space

Target Text: solar system

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.103803
Retrieved Text: What product is Jerez Spain known for?
It is best known for its wine and there is a motorcycle Grand Prix race there.
What is California's best-known product?
Answer . I am in Australia and when I saw your question I immediately thought of "Oranges" and then "Arnold Scwartczenagger" cheers, lyntoons.
What agricultural products does Spain produce?
grain, vegetables, olives, wine grapes, sugar beets, citrus; beef, pork, poultry, dairy products; fish .
What is a well-known animal from Spain?
Possibly the most well-known animal in Spain is the bull. Due tothe running of the bulls, an annual event in Spain, bulls receivemuch attention and are well known all over the world.
What products is California known for?
Wine, citrus, produce, dairy products.. California produces 80% of the almonds sold throughout the world, and is the only US state to grow almonds for commercial purposes.
What products does Spain produce?
Spain produces a variety of products. Some of these include wine,olive oil, citric fruits, as well as Iberian pork.
What type of products is Spain known for?
Can you take any meat products to spain?
Sure, as long as the place of origin is within the Schengen Zone.Otherwise, strict European Union regulations concerning theimportation and transport of foreign meats will bar your meatproducts from coming into Spain.
What are the main export products of Spain?
Food and live animals Beverages and tobacco Crude materials, inedible, except fuels Mineral fuels, lubricants and related materials Animal and vegetable oils, fats and waxes Chemicals and related products, n.e.s.
What natural-made products does Spain sell?
What is Colorado best-known product?
When I think of Colorado exports I think (in order):.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.929013
Retrieved Text: Which world leaders shared fish and chips in a London pub in 2003?
What does the chemical symbol Ag stand for?
From 1960 to 1979, where was the largest stained glass installation in the world?
What were Operation Plumbbob, Operation Nougat, Operation Plowshare, Operation Sunbeam and Operation Dominic II?
The area that was known as "Cimarron Territory" to 1890 is now known as what part of the USA?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.902054
Retrieved Text: Recently, at the D23 Expo in Japan, Disney had James Cameron and Joe Rohde announce some of the upcoming visions for the new Avatar based attractions that will be added to Disney's Animal Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.
The video clip below shows both James Cameron, the writer and director known for such great films as: Titanic, The Abyss, The Terminator, Aliens, and Avatar, as well as, Joe Rohde, the Senior Vice President of Creative at Disney Imagineering and one of the lead designers of Disney's Animal Kingdom, talking about combining the world of Avatar, known as Pandora, and bringing it to Disney's Animal Kingdom as a transformational, immersive experience for guests.
Construction has begun to make the necessary space within what is currently known as Camp Minnie Mickey to prepare the space where the Avatar based version of Pandora will exist.
The last picture shows James Cameron and Joe Rohde looking at early models.
This will be a major expansion to Disney's Animal Kingdom and give it a version of the original land of Mythical Creatures that it was originally designed to contain.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is already the most well themed of all of the Disney World Theme Parks, mostly in part to the hard work and relentless vision of Joe Rohde and it will be exciting to see what he can come up with to bring James Cameron's fantasy world of Avatar and Pandora to life.
0 comments to "Disney World Provides Update On Vision Of The World Of Avatar Coming To Disney's Animal Kingdom"

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.631813
Retrieved Text: This is the official site of Allen Grossman, poet of love, holiness, and mortality. Here you'll find poems, biography and bibliography.
Poetry is a principle of power invoked by all of us against our vanishing. The making of poems is a practice – a work human beings can do – in which civilization has invested some part of its love of itself and the world. The poem is a trace of the will of all persons to be known and to make known and, therefore, to be at all. Insofar as love wills the existence of what it loves, the principle of poetry is a collective and perpetually renewed act of love that brings the world to mind, and mind to mind, as the speech of a person – at the moment of the vanishing of world and persons, which is every moment of conscious life. Poetry is one means by which human beings engage, as they can, in the maintenance of a human world in which they can meet one another, affirm one another, remember, see, and foresee one another.
Pray only but be vigilant and set your hand to the work.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.591303
Retrieved Text: How is World Heritage UK run, and what role do members have?
World Heritage UK is a membership organisation, formally known as a Charitable Incorporated Organisation (CIO). It has voting members who set the strategy for the organisation, and associate members who don’t have a vote, but still have a lot to gain from being a part of it.
Who is eligible to join and what type of membership is available?
Individuals identified by the Charity Trustees as having specialist skills or expertise which in their opinion would be beneficial to the organisation as a Trustee.
Full details of membership categories and will be available here.
Email chris.mahon@worldheritageuk.org to make a membership enquiry.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.569478
Retrieved Text: Think about how people might describe you. What are some things that you are known for in your social groups or at work?
The things you are known for — how you are perceived — is your personal brand.
You already have a brand whether you know it or not. You might not be aware of your brand right now, or how it affects your career or job search, but you do have a brand.
Your brand is what other people and what you think of yourself – the real you. Your brand is your authentic self.
Unique = How are you different from your peers or other job seekers? What is special about your background, personality, skills or knowledge? What makes you stand out among other people in your career field?
Promise = Do you deliver what you say you will? If you say you are a “hard worker,” “work well with people, or “detail oriented,” then prove it in all of your work and volunteer projects. Your actions speak louder than words.
Value = Do the people with whom you work, or want to work for, know what you do and how you can help them? You only need to offer value to your target audience, not the whole world.
The most important part of personal branding is not how you promote yourself, or what other people think of you. The most important part of personal branding is what you know about yourself.
Do you know what you have to offer the world … or employers?
Personal branding starts and ends with you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.518522
Retrieved Text: The 2018 World Cup is fast approaching and is set to be one of the biggest events of the year. This major football tournament is recognised and celebrated by numerous countries throughout the world, whether they are taking part or not. The last World Cup, which was won by Germany in Brazil four years ago, was watched by 3.2 billion viewers.
1. What language should it be in?
With so many countries participating, not all customers will speak English fluently. However, there are some English phrases that are known universally by all football fans, regardless of their native tongue. These phrases relate to red and yellow cards.
With that in mind, it is a good idea to run a promotional campaign that utilises these well-known colour symbols. That way you can maximise the scope of the campaign and create a recognisable brand. Brands are established through repetition, and when your ads are uniform throughout the world, it helps to further anchor your company brand in customers’ minds.
2. What should my theme be?
Russia will be hosting the tournament, which means the world will have their eyes focused on the culture of this nation. This is a good opportunity to utilise well known Russian iconography into your promotion – Russian dolls, for instance. For hospitality businesses, it is important to make sure that you have the latest card payment technology in place to cope with large influxes of customers during the promotion.
3. Should I use customer participation?
During the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, Walkers came up with a winning promotion

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.485043
Retrieved Text: Should Christians celebrate Halloween? No! What the world will celebrate on Friday is not anything that a Christian should be part of. The origin of what we know of as Halloween began in 5th century b.c., Celtic Ireland as a holiday marking the end of summer on October 31st known as Samhein (sow-en).
Since the eighth century, the Catholic Church has celebrated All Saints' Day on November 1 to celebrate the known and unknown Saints whom the Church has canonized. The night before the celebration of All Saints' Day is known as All Hallow's Eve ("Hallows" mean "saints" both mean "holy ones" as in "Hallowed be thy name"). So, Halloween means "the evening before All Saints' Day."
You can see from the pagan roots of Halloween why this has become the most important day to those who worship satan or choose to live in rebellion to God and the TRUTH of His Word. There is NOTHING about this day that honors God, remembers God, or has anything to do at all with God. It is quite honestly a celebration of those who oppose God and all that He stands for. THIS is why, it's a day Christians should NOT celebrate nor be part of in any way.
Tomorrow, Part Two of this series is titled, "A Christian's Response to Halloween." Do we hide in our homes with the lights off? Do we all go to church and hide in the basement so the devil doesn't get us? What exactly should a Christian be doing on Halloween? I will actually

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.477081
Retrieved Text: Go here. Type in your name. Find out what kind of cheese you are. Then let the world know.
I'm Roquefort, king of cheeses! All hail me!
Boursin is a soft, fresh cheese, first made by Monsieur Boursin in 1957. It has a rich, sweet flavour with a hint of acidity, and is flavoured with garlic, herbs or pepper.
Emmental is a hard, pale yellow Swiss cheese. It has a sweet smell, with a fruity taste. The most prominent feature of Emmental is the walnut-sized holes it contains. Emmental is probably the origin of the sterotypical holey cheese image.
I'm wondering what the correlation is between this cheese and my personality, love life, etc., etc.
I also want to know what the hell kind of formula they used to compare my name to a cheese. How disturbing.
Nanette, I am your queen.
Probably the best known French cheese, Brie is a soft cheese with a leathery, edible rind, and a white, creamy body. Brie is known as the Queen of cheeses, and used to be part of the tributes that had to be paid to the French Kings.
They got the white creamy body part right. The leathery rind I am concerned about.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.437627
Retrieved Text: Nielsen Ranks No. 3 in the World! - Nielsen Construction California, Inc.
Nielsen Ranks No. 3 in the World!
Before most of the UCSD Geisel Library occupants were even thought of, young D. Nielsen Pollock watched his Grandfather, S. Faulk Nielsen, build what is now known to be the “Third Most Beautiful Libraries in the World,” according to CNN Travel. Although this gorgeous library never made an appearance in Men In Black or Independence Day, we couldn’t be prouder to claim the Geisel Library as part of Nielsen History!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.405261
Retrieved Text: Web of Hearts by Jamie Magee is on sale!! Grab your copy of this fantastic series today!!!
This compelling series starter set has over 4,000 favored reviews!
About Jamie Magee Jamie Magee has always believed that each of us have a defining gift that sets us apart from the rest of the world, she has always envied those who have known from their first breath what their gift was. Not knowing hers, she began a career in the fast paced world of business. Raising a young family, and competing to rise higher in that field would drive some to the point of insanity, but she always found a moment of escape in a passing daydream. Her imagination would take her to places she'd never been, introduce her to people she's never known. Insight, her debuting novel, is a result of that powerful imagination. Today, she is grateful that not knowing what defined her, led her on a path of discovery that would always be a part of her.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.329062
Retrieved Text: What is the oldest known calendar?
The oldest known calendars are lunar based, and the oldest of these discovered thus far comes from the Aurignacian culture, a Paleolithic society that existed in central and southern Europe and southern Asia. Aurignacian culture existed between 47,000 to 41,000 years ago. Alexander Marshack, a paleolithic archeologist, studied and published on several bone carvings and cave drawings discovered in France and Germany depicting a rudimentary lunar calendar.
What is the oldest known living cow?
What is the oldest known secret society?
The Masons, also Cain formed in ancient times a secret society between him and Satan and he and his succesors were called Master Mahan tell the flood. All high in power secret societies are controlled by satan.
What is the oldest known use of the wheel?
The oldest known use of the wheel was on a potter's wheel used inUr in Mesopotamia in 3500 BC. Chariots in Egypt had wheels withspokes around 2000 BC.
How old is the oldest known turtle?
Didn't find the current oldest turtle.. The most famost turtle, Adwaita, is known and recorded as the oldest (250 years) died in 2006 in Calcutta.
What is oldest known humans age?
The world's oldest known city?
Worlds oldest known city is?
There are two cities which claim to be the oldest in existence.These are the city of Damascus and Varanasi.
The Code of Hammurabi is the first physical set of codified lawknown to man. It's an ancient Sumerian/Babylonian document.
What is the oldest baseball pennant known?
Baseball has been around since the late 1860's and so have baseballpennants, since they were a popular

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.328778
Retrieved Text: I understand that death can come at any moment whether we our at terms with it or not. Therefore, when I die I don’t have to be known by a numerous amount of people I may never meet, but rather I want to be known as a joyous person to the people I spend the most time with. I want my life impacts on those who mean the most to me. I believe once a person determine who they are truly meant to be and fully understand their purpose in this world they can decide what they want their legacy to be. So as I continue to grow and my values continue to expand, I will truly be able to articulate what I want my legacy to be.
However, until then, I want people to know that I was an adventurous person that loved to laugh and was searching for her real purpose in the world and once I figure it out I will embody it to the best of my ability. I want to die knowing that I was someone I would want to look up to.
You mention “once a person […] fully understand[s] their purpose in this world they can decide what they want their legacy to be”. I agree with you, and I also think that’s the hardest part. For most of us first years, we still haven’t found our true purpose. The easy answer is make a positive impact on the surrounding community, but that is vague. It’s how one makes these impacts

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.317184
Retrieved Text: May be time for restrictions. The TT is getting scary.
I know what you mean, but it's part of the reason they do it.
It is sad and the loss is great. But I do agree that we live in a pillow lined world and the TT represents what life should be like, people taking known risks in pursuit of something they love. IMO, we should be that way in more aspects of our lives.
Same old bashing. Year in and year out.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.306775
Retrieved Text: There is so much one can argue about reality TV, and yes most of the opinions are harsh, but like everything on this earth there is good in everything, and come on what isn’t there to like about The Real Housewives of everywhere! We as a community and citizens of all things fabulous, have now been exposed to all sides of these women who now dominate TV, we have seen it all, the sassy and the trashy, but never less than classy.
The Real Housewives franchise has become a cultural force that has impacted the airwaves in a major way. From Orange County to Beverly Hills, we follow a circle of women in their natural habitats, watching from a 1080p window. As for what we see, that’s the genius part. Among all the shows out there that show big-heeled women with larger than life persona’s and even bigger Birkin Bags, one thing stands out with this franchise, Social Reality. It is a known fact that the human species has always run in tribes, or what now days we like to refer to as Social Circles. What we do, Where we go, Who we are with, and most importantly, what we Wear, are all part of the socialite equation.
In college we all learn no matter what field one may find themselves in is that, who you know will get you there, and what you know will keep you there. What the Real Housewives Franchise documents is just that. Much like early man running in tribes, early man also

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.279711
Retrieved Text: Every person, every organization and every nation seems to thrive best when they are fulfilling their mission in life, their purpose for existing, stepping up and doing their part for the common good. There is something about that fact that harmonizes with our core values as humans. We desire to be useful. Different parts of our great country become appreciated for some specific contributions that they excel at: New York is known for fine arts and financial institutions, Florida is known for orange juice and a warm winter destination, California is known for technology and wine production, Wyoming for scenic wild places, and North Dakota and Texas are known for oil and gas production. The states in these examples have recognized their strengths and the natural resources that have been provided to them and have created economic opportunity for their citizens while fulfilling a vital purpose for the rest of the country and even the world.
So one might ask, what is our purpose in South Dakota? What do we contribute to the nation and world? There will be several answers to that I am sure, but one that must be high on such a list is the same thing that brought our pioneer forefathers to the northern Great Plains, the quest to fulfill a noble purpose, to produce food for our families, our nation, and even the world. We have been blessed with a tremendous natural resource in this region: fertile land to grow crops, moisture, sun, and room to raise food producing animals. The task

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.274882
Retrieved Text: Madhyaloka means something in Jainism, Prakrit, Hinduism, Sanskrit, Marathi. If you want to know the exact meaning, history, etymology or English translation of this term then check out the descriptions on this page. Add your comment or reference to a book if you want to contribute to this summary article.
Jambūdvīpa is at the centre of Madhyaloka, or the middle part of the universe, where the humans reside.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—The middle world (madhya-loka), a rather circular body, consists of numerous concentric dvīpas or island continents with intervening oceans separating any two of them. In its center is the Mount Meru, golden and surrounded by the Jambūdvīpa, the latter being encircled by the lavaṇoda ocean. Then comes the dhātaki-khaṇḍa-dvīpa and the vāruṇīvara-samudra, the kṣīravara and the kṣīroda, the ghṛtavara and the ghṛtoda, the ikṣuvara and the ikṣuvaroda, the nandīśvara and the nandīśvaroda. Human beings are found only in the first two dvīpas and the first half of the third one. At the end of countless continents and oceans is the great ocean known as the Svayambhuramaṇa.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—Madhya-loka or the “middle world” is horizontal and always shown is full face-like a disk or plate or an immense cymbal or denoted by the central parts of the man’s abdomen where human beings live.
The middle world (madhya-loka) is the only one of the three worlds where it is possible for men to be born, Even there, rebirth and death are restricted to a relatively small area.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—according to the 2nd-century Tattvārthasūtra 3.7, what constitute the middle-world (madhya-loka)? Continents with auspicious names like

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.232785
Retrieved Text: Agra, the city of the Taj Mahal holds a powerful fascination for visitors from around India and the world. Located close to Delhi and just 200 km away, Agra is easily accessible.The Taj Mahal, the magnificent mausoleum in Agra, is the eighth wonder in the world. Taj Mahal - fondly called as the ultimate requiem of love, from a great Mughal Emperor to his beloved.
Alipura was a princely state in what is today the Chhatarpur District of Madhya Pradesh. It was established in 1757 and became a part of British India in 1808.
Allahabad lies 135 km west of Varanasi in the north Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and is at the confluence of the Ganga (also Ganges), Yamuna, and the mythical Saraswati River, the point of their mingling known as Sangam. Also known by its old name of Prayag, the city is an educational hub and a great pilgrimage center, especially the world-famous Kumbh Mela .
Alsisar is a small town in Jhunjhunu district, Rajasthan, India. It is in the north-western part of the district. The area surrounding the town is an arid semi desert. Alsisar is believed to be established by a woman named Alsi in the year 1440 AD.
The holy shrine of Amarnath is one of the most revered pilgrimage sites is situated 145 km from Srinagar, the capital of the North Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir.Amarnath is one of the most revered pilgrimage sites .

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.225494
Retrieved Text: Find below some of the General Knowledge Quiz Questions and Answers. We plan to add more GK questions in few days. And, we will be adding questions in various other topics also. Daily lot of people are reading our HTML Quiz questions, Computer Quiz questions, and our Software Testing Quiz Questions in this blog.
So, you can bookmark our blog to visit it frequently, or you can subscribe to our blog to get the posts in your inbox.
And, You can test your knowledge in General Knowledge (GK) by attending our Quiz. If you find any wrong question or answer you can mention it thro' the comments.
How many rings are in Olympic logo?
In hexadecimal system,the number 15 represents which letter?
Wimbledon Trophy is associated with which Sports?
In which year did the RMS Titanic sink?
Which country is called "the Land of Rising Sun" ?
Which is used as the logo of the World Wide Fund for Nature(WWF)?
The country which is not using Euro as their currency?
Which city is said to be "The Queen of Arabian Sea"?
Name the company which has its name based on a river name?
Who drafted the "Declaration of American Independence"?
What is the common name for Washing Soda?
Name the longest river in the world?
After Which famous person was the teddy bear named?
Name the game associated with Durand Cup?
What are the five colors of Olympic Ring?
Which country is also called as "CopperCountry"?
Name the largest bird in the world?
Bull Fighting is the national game of which country?
What is the Motto of Olympics?
Which of the following is not the term used in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.222218
Retrieved Text: Quiz: How well do you know the names of downtown Minneapolis buildings?
2. Now known as SPS Tower, this handsome 1987 structure was supposed to be one of two identical towers. The second was never built. What was its name?
3. Capella Tower is part of a complex that includes the Star Tribune Building. What was it called when it opened in 1992?
7. The Northwestern National Life Building, an elegant modern version of an ancient Roman temple, was designed by Minoru Yamasaki, architect of the original World Trade Center. What is it called now?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.219988
Retrieved Text: At Trinity Western University, these words are more than our tagline; they are what takes place everyday in the lives of our students. Trinity Western University is a place of rigorous academic scholarship and a people with a common vision—to transform lives through Christ-centred higher education. Our faculty members are known for their extraordinary accessibility to students and strong record of published, globally-recognized research. The result of the outstanding instruction and strong community at TWU is skilled and committed graduates, who make a positive difference wherever they go.
We welcome people from all around the world to join our community. Since 1962, we have been training leaders of character, capable of addressing the challenges of our changing world. What can you do at TWU? You can be part of the impact TWU is having in Canada and throughout the world. I invite you to watch our impact videos and envision what you can do with Trinity Western University!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.215702
Retrieved Text: What you should be viewing on the Internet and on screen: “Melissa & Joey” mid-season finale; Mashable video series on Action Park; sit-down with One Direction.
“Melissa & Joey” celebrates its mid-season finale with “What Happens in Jersey, Part 1.” (The No. 1 cable show was renewed for 20 more episodes of season 3 to air in 2014.) … 8 p.m. EDT tonight, ABC Family.
Mashable begins its two-part video series: “Inside the World’s Most Dangerous Amusement Park.” Action Park in New Jersey, which closed in 1996, was known for its dread, doom and drunken teenagers running the place.
The biggest boy band in the world right now, One Direction, has a new movie called “This Is Us.” Kevin Steincross sits down with the boys to talk about the part documentary, part music video.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.213224
Retrieved Text: This is the final post in my three-part series comparing Seventh-day Adventists and Anabaptists. Please see the introduction to Part 1 if you have not yet read it.
Part 1 looked at expectations about God. Part 2 considered expectations of Christians and the Church. Part 3 will look at our common expectations for the world. Since I know many Adventists are reading this series along with YAR’s regular readers, I hope it has helped each faith community understand the other a bit more. Naturally, there is still much to learn about each tradition beyond the similarities covered here.
Before beginning the final comparison, Tim invited me to make a few observations about the CBS television program that was the catalyst or spark for this series—“World Religions: Sikhs, Seventh-day Adventists, and Mennonites” (description, video, schedule). One of the few common features between the three faith communities is that to varying degrees we are outsiders to American culture or society. We struggle with how to be true to our faith’s demands about being different and somehow separate while still engaging and influencing society. To use a decidedly Christian phrase, How is an adherent of one of these traditions to be in the world but not of it?
The first thing that surprised me about the program was how short it was. With a mere 27 minutes divided between the three faiths, only the most basic information could be conveyed. At its best, the program may pique one’s interest, leading to more study. Hopefully no one turns off their TV or closes

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.1982975
Retrieved Text: The world is not the way it’s supposed to be. We know it. We’ve always known it. People throughout history have tried to identify exactly what is wrong with the world—lack of information, a few evil people who oppress the innocent, a struggle between the classes, an unfinished evolutionary process—but we have always known that something is off.
In most worldviews, it is inconsistent to believe that something is wrong with the world. In eastern pantheistic religions, for example, where this world is an illusion and everything is all part of “the one,” it simply won’t do to call some things evil and other things good. Hence the yin and the yang. Love and cruelty are both equally part of “the one,” so making distinctions between good and evil is a regression. If the goal is to avoid all distinctions and mindlessly acknowledge that all is one, we have no basis for identifying a problem with the world.
Or consider secularist worldviews. If there is no God, or if He plays no active role in the universe, then there can be no evil. If, as Carl Sagan famously asserted, “the Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be,” then all we can do is describe what is, not what ought to be. In other words, there can be no evil, and there is no problem with the world as it is. The world is simply what the world is, and that’s all we can ever say about it. Though atheists will often push Christians

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.179073
Retrieved Text: “Increase,” saith The LORD, “is at hand. The nations of the world are being shuffled, moved. And spiritual wickedness in high places is doing everything in its power to keep My plan from coming to pass. Ah, but,” saith The LORD, “it has no power because I have already established it in My Word. So, say not in thine heart, If only I knew what to do. Rather say, ‘I always know what to do. And, I know by faith I can find out anything I need to know if I spend time with Jesus; spend time in His presence, in worship and praise. Spend time in meditating what He’s called me to do.’ For in those times just the way I tapped you on your spiritual shoulder, the first direction, the first mandate I gave you I will continue to say, ‘Go this way. No. Go that way. Yes. Go this way. Do this. Don’t do that.’ In doing these things you will surely see the miraculous hand of the One who gave you your new birth. Pressure comes from all sides, but rest in Me. The chastisement of your peace was upon Me,” saith The LORD. “I am your peace. I am you and you are Me, and together we’re an unbeatable team.
“You have known Me in times past. You’ve known Me as your Savior. You’ve known Me as your Healer. You’ve known Me as your Baptizer in the Holy Spirit. Many of you and more of you are coming to the place where

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.156007
Retrieved Text: Mardi Gras Carnival in New Orleans is one of the most popular festivals which is celebrated with so much fan fare.
In fact, Each year millions of people visit New Orleans to become a part of what is described as the ‘greatest free party on earth’ i.e. Mardi Gras!
It is celebrated the world over and in some countries it is known by the name of Carnival Season.
However it is known to be more famous for being a part of New Orleans.
It begins on or after the Kings Day and culminates on the day before Ash Wednesday.
It is known to have its roots in pre-Christian traditions. This post will give you a glimpse into the festival and its celebrations.
If you are thinking of being a part of this festival this year then definitely you will get some interesting ideas and tips about it.
The first Mardi Gras is known to have taken place on February 24, 1857 Krewe of Comus at New Orleans.
It basically started as a tradition where a parade was held which was followed by a ball for the krewe and their guests.
The carnival season is said to begin on January 6 which is said to be the Kings Day.
It was first mentioned by the French explorer Pierre le Moyne in his writings Sieur d’Iberville when he first settled on the banks of Missippi River in North America in 1699.
During the next century the festival moved to various other cites like Alabama, Houma, Louisiana, Alexandria etc. In French Mardi Gras means ‘Fat Tuesday’.
The name basically comes from

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.149493
Retrieved Text: Austin is known all over the world for its live music scene, hospitality, premier events like Formula 1 and the X Games, and high quality of life. The Austin area offers opportunity in entertainment, healthcare, and technology from some of the world’s most well known employers like Apple, Dell, Seton Healthcare, Under Armour, Facebook and The University of Texas. Our community continues to grow and prosper with influences from all over the world and immigrants making Austin their home.
At Kuper Sotheby’s International Realty, we are proud to be a part of what makes Austin so great. We take a hands-on approach when working with our clients that is unparalleled in our industry. Whether you are moving from down the street or from the other side of the world, our team of professionals is prepared to work with you to find the ideal home. Our strong ties with Sotheby’s International Realty give us resources to assist an individual or even a whole company in a long distance move. Our deep roots in Texas give us the unmatched ability to place you in the right property in the best location for your needs.
Please enjoy this copy of the Austin Relocation Guide with our compliments. If your future plans bring you to the Austin area, we would welcome the opportunity to show you what makes what makes our community and our firm so special.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.137715
Retrieved Text: According to the Bible, where did Noah's Ark come to rest?
Who became the World Superbike Champion in 2005?
Which of these places is in Mali?
A QR, or quick response, barcode is a machine-readable label, and encodes virtually any type of data including the standardised modes of alphanumeric, binary, numeric and what other kind?
Tinnitus affects what part of the body?
Music in Australia could be found for thousands of years at a what?
Why did Bruno Richard Hauptmann, a German carpenter, make international news in 1936 when he was sentenced to death and executed for what became known as "The Crime of the Century"?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.118065
Retrieved Text: What a fantastic weekend this was, aside from the royal wedding which was on all media outlets – yea, social media as well- there were other wedding ceremonies happening too, around your areas and close to your houses, you too might have attended a royal wedding of yours this past weekend. As usual when there are weddings we get to see variety of aso ebi styles, and someone is always getting married.
The wedding industry is a big money making industry and that’s because it happens year round especially in this part of the world. I can’t imagine there is any statistics that show there is a single weekend in the year that goes without somebody somewhere getting married. Marriage is what binds two people in a relationship together under the eyes of God and the Law, a wedding is the ceremony in which the marriage is conducted and in this part of the world – The Aso-ebi – is the outfit that distinguishes family and friends from the rest of the invitee’s.
Therefore, the aso ebi is a very important part of the wedding tradition and we’ve been known to bring forth some of the best styles you could find and today wouldn’t be any different.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.1066885
Retrieved Text: Is this a boring picture?
A Home saturated by God’s Grace, Forgiveness and Mercy - Because we are a sin infected people, the grace of God must reign and be taught clearly that many might be reconciled to God.
Our Aspiration is to build a home that trains for a long term Gospel impact. God has designed that our homes not only produce babies (churches- new converts), but that we grow and lead children to know God and make Him known.
We are all apart of households and if Christ followers we should be a part of a local church family. Are we consciously considering and planning what kind of foundation we are laying and building for? Our recent series, As for Me and My House, is all available online and notes could be provided to help apply these principles for the Scriptures. The storms of our world and the fallout from rejecting God and His Word are increasing, but what an opportunity to make the Grace and Hope in Christ known in these days.

================



======= Instance Index 7242 =========
Input Text: What will a friend do for you?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- coming home
- rely on
- count on
- write letter
- keep secret

Target Text: keep secret

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.144011
Retrieved Text: Is your close friend a fantastic photographer? Or maybe you have a cousin who is a florist. Are you considering hiring them for your wedding. It could be because they offered to do the job or you think you can get it done for for less this way, than when you hire a professional. While this may seem the easiest way to go about it, it needn’t work out well in all cases. Sometimes, it is better you pay extra and hire a professional for the job instead.
Let us look at why you should think well before you hire friends or family for your wedding.
You may want to give your friend some business by hiring him/her for your wedding. But do so only if you know how good they are at it. If they haven’t worked at a wedding before or aren’t as good as they say they are, you will be making a big mistake. Your friend or relative may be super nice, and may have convinced you that they are capable of the job. However, you wouldn’t know unless you saw their wedding portfolio, or have actually seen how well they do their business.
When you hire a friend for your wedding, it is difficult to be assertive with what you want. Your friend may stick to what they think is best and not go with your original ideas. When it is someone you do not know personally you can usually switch to a different vendor if your ideas clash. But when it is a

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.007264
Retrieved Text: It’s late at night and your friend calls you…from the county jail. What do you do? What if you don’t have the money to help your friend get out of jail? Here are a few tips to help you know what to do when a friend gets arrested.
The most important thing to remember is to stay calm. Your friend is likely stressed and may be panicking. Try to keep them calm, too, and don’t lose your cool. If you are with your friend at the time of his or her arrest, this is even more important. Do not threaten or attack the arresting officer or interfere in any way or you could get arrested too!
Your friend may want to tell you everything that happened, but you should stick only to the most essential facts. What are the charges? Where is your friend being held? How much is the cost of bail? Depending on your friend’s charges, bail may be an easy payment. However, many charges carry bail prices of hundreds or thousands of dollars.
If you can’t afford to bail your friend out of jail, contact a reputable bail bondsman in your area. A bail bondsman will help you pay to get someone out of jail. Most charge you only 10 to 15 percent of the full bail amount, and they put up the rest. As long as you or your friend does not break the contract, you will not be required to pay any more. Bails bonds typically require that you show up for court, not

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.836214
Retrieved Text: Is there a limit to how many prospective international students I can refer?
When will I receive my £200 reward?
What does the person I refer receive?
How can I be assured that my friend will receive high quality support in their home country?
Will Enroly let me know if they are unable to help?
Why do you pay £200 reward for my student referral?
Does it matter where / what my friend wants to study?
Will I be paid for every student I refer?
What happens once I refer a prospective student?
The Enroly team may give you a call for more information and contact your friend to determine their study preferences and long term goals. We will then match your friend with a representative who can provide what they need.
I don't know where or what my friend wants to study, can I still refer them?
How do I track the progress of the student I refer?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.821928
Retrieved Text: How Can You Learn to Value Yourself More?
How do you treat your best friend? Do you check in regularly? Do you give your best friend gifts, and nice little surprises? Of course you do. What if you were your own best friend, and checked in with yourself? What if you listened to your inner voice, telling you what you need. If you were your own best friend, you would not shrug off that inner urging to get rest, to relax more, or to rev yourself up, by going dancing or walking. Your body is constantly sending you messages. It is when you do not listen to them, that you get yourself in trouble.
If you were your own best friend, you would take yourself to nice places. You would take yourself to lunch at a café by the beach, or go to the latest movie. You would be eager to please yourself, and pat yourself on you head, for doing all the hard work you do in life. A best friend is eager to share a good time, and revel in the enjoyment of life.
If you were your best friend, you would pamper yourself. You would have a spa treatment, go to the gym, and take a sauna. You want your friend to stay healthy and happy. Instead of giving your best friend gift certificates for pampering services, you will take your best friend in person! You care about your best friend. You want your best friend, to be around for a long while. You love yourself.
You

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.777441
Retrieved Text: Best friends are those with whom you spend years of your life sharing both good and bad. But what to do when it comes to sharing the same place to live as roommates ?
Living with your best friend day and night can be like a reality show of your own personal channel with you and your BFF as both participants and audience. If you share accommodation with your best friend forever (BFF), it can change a lot of stuff between you two, especially how you deal with the things that you do in everyday life and how to tackle any issue that you might face in your living space.
When you live with your best friend, your shared apartment is the place which is home to both of you and you come home to each other, have a good time and celebrate each other’s successes, share and talk out each other’s problems and get into some hilarious shenanigans to remember for years to come.
Unfortunately, no matter how strong your friendship is with your best friend, living together will bring out very different sides for both of you. There will be disagreements. Some of them will be on trivial matters like your BFF eating your share of ice cream without asking, and some will be on bigger and more important matters like sharing of rent. There will be no end to it. It doesn’t matter for how long you have been friends and how well you two know each other, there are always more things to learn and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.698223
Retrieved Text: Which Friend Is Super Outgoing?
Who Will Be Your Crazy Roomie In a Nursing Home?
What Does It Take To Be Your Friend?
Who Has a Soft Spot For You?
Who Will Give a Speech On Your Funeral?
Which Friend Loves You More Than Bacon?
Who Is The Worst When Drunk?
Which Friend Loves You Just The Way You Are?
Which Friend Is Your Second Banana?
With Whom Do You Have a Telepathic Connection?
What Secret Will The LIE DETECTOR Reveal About Your Friends?
Who Is Your Dearest Friend?
Which Of Your Friends Is a True Hillbilly?
Which Friend Is Down In The Mouth Because Of You?
Which Friend Is Secretly Angry With You?
Which Friend Is A True Romantic?
Who Is Your Personality Twin?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.623345
Retrieved Text: is it wrong to tell on my friend?
I've been recently worried about my friend who is doing a whole bunch of stuff that could get him in trouble. For example: taking (illegal ) drugs, drinking alcohol, and beating up various people as well as stealing from shops.
He's just getting worse. First he'd steal just a packet of crisp and now it's anything. Or he use to be against fighting but now he's seriously hurting many people. And he smokes more and more stuff and often carries alcohol with him and gets Angry or moody fast.
And he's too young for any sort of smoking or drinking and if something breaks the law then i should tell, right?
He's been my friend since i was seven and i thought i knew him well however i am concerned for him but don't want to break his trust or be disloyal to him.
I've asked my other friends about this and they say it's never okay to tell on a friend or get a friend in trouble. But I'm not sure not telling will be best for him.
Is it okay to tell on a friend to help them ?
And in this situation will it help if i do?
When we're worried about a friend we want to do anything to help. Sometimes this means doing something that they might not like, such as telling another person or an adult. It's important that you do what you think is right because you also have to look after your own feelings too.
When a friend changes

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.584747
Retrieved Text: Do you know what to do when a friend gets arrested? Whether you’re with them at the time of arrest of they call you from jail, here’s some tips to help you navigate a stressful situation.
It is most important that you try to keep your friend calm. Don’t panic or yell. If you’re with your friend as they are getting arrested, do not verbally or physically assault the arresting officer. This could results in your own arrest, and can quickly escalate the situation. Your friend is likely stressed, angry, or afraid, and it is up to you to keep them as calm as possible.
If you’re going to help bail your friend out of jail, then you’ll need some information. Of course, their full name is essential. Other important facts to collect include the location of arrest or jail, charges, and date and time. If you cannot find this information on your own, call the county jail or contact a bail bondsman. There are many online resources to help you find what you need at no cost.
Depending on the charges your friend is facing, bail could cost anywhere from $100 to $100,000 and more. This is often a lot of money to come up with on short notice. Your friend will be stuck in jail until bail is paid, or until their court date.
However, by choosing a bail bond, your friend can get out of jail for only a small fraction of the cost. In this scenario, a bail bondsman agrees to put up the majority of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.554905
Retrieved Text: When I close my eyes what do I see? Is it you that I meditate on constantly? Are my desires worthy of my calling from you? Are my emotions clouding my intention, my focus !! Am I focused on all that I don’t know more than being joyful for what I do know? Is my mind filled with comparisons and thoughts of perfection?
Can you fathom that the GOD of all the universe has called us ‘friend’ John 15:15 so are we a good friend? What makes a good friend for you>? I realized that I haven’t always been a great friend even in the actual sense I’ve since worked to improve this with focused and (aiming at self-less) attention.
Do we share moments together that I wish wouldn’t end, do I share things that happen in my day with you? What is it like when we meet am I distracted or do I give you my undivided attention? Do I care what you have to say? Will I lay myself down for the sake of you my friend? Or would I deny you for the sake of earth peace? I want to boldly stand up for you in spite of any challenge!!
For you are Christ (my Redeemer) , you are also Lord over my life and you are oh so Holy !!You came, You died, You rose, You reign and You will soon Return.
We all need somebody to lean on but is this leaning like the words of Bill Withers suggests that I only lean when I’m

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.541757
Retrieved Text: You are watching a movie with your friend. After it's over, your friend tells you that he is confused about what went on in the film.
What does your friend want to know?
Will you tell your friend everything that went on in the story?
Step 2: Based on your experience, what do we do when we explain?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.510732
Retrieved Text: My friend goes to the same scout group as me, and I'm getting really worried about her. She trusts me and told me what goes on at home - her Gran abuses her, and her parents are hardly ever there. Apparently at school she's really quiet but with me, she talks non-stop but always tries to avoid the issue of her parents until she trusts me enough to open up again.
Once, she came to scouts with what I thought was hot chocolate around her mouth - it was actually blood. She has loads of other scars as well - what should I do?
Thank you for you letter. I can see how concerned you are about your friend. It is good to know she has people like you around her, people that care.
I can hear youre not sure what to do. Ill try to give you a number of suggestions so you can decide what you think is going to be the best thing to do.
Firstly, it is important that someone checks that your friend is safe and can receive support if she wants it. It would be really good to pick an adult you trust and talk to them about what she has told you and what you have seen. You might want to talk to the Leader of your Scout group, one of your parents or maybe your teacher. I can see your friend doesnt go to the same school as you but your teacher should be able to pass information to your friends school.
If

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.393594
Retrieved Text: You may have to request something from a friend which may be tough to ask for, however, just keep in mind that good friends are there to help. Do not be ashamed. We all have to ask for help at some point in life.
You determination will pay off this week. Smile dear Taurus, good things are on the rise.
Do not worry about health. Eat right, exercise often, sleep well and speak sweetly to yourself, and you will increase your health tenfold.
Stick to your plans. They will unfold as they should, so try not to rush. By the way, love is on the rise.
Give a friend a compliment and a stranger a smile.
Do not worry about money. Life will take care of itself as it should. By you worrying you are not helping it, but impeding the chi from flowing naturally.
Keep focused. It is the best way to achieve what you want in life.
Take a vacation, or simply meditate. Already meditate? Then meditate longer. Already meditate long periods? Then take a walk and meditate on the awe of nature and the beauty of life.
Do what you need to do to get things done and do not stress about the things that do not get completed. Things happen for a reason.
Contact an old friend to say hi and uplift them.
Words cut deeper than a knife. Watch what you say this week.
Do not think about what could be and instead go with what is.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.385342
Retrieved Text: What is a A Good Friend Images Facebook Cover?
Why Should I get a A Good Friend Images Facebook Cover?
How can I get a A Good Friend Images Facebook Cover?
Do you have A Good Friend Images Facebook Cover?
At 99covers.com, we have A Good Friend Images Facebook Covers! There are hundreds of various different Facebook Cover photos, so there will be a lot to choose from within all the A Good Friend Images Facebook Cover photos! Check out our A Good Friend Images Facebook covers on the left side of our 99covers.com web page or use the search bar to find what you’re looking for and you will find many options for A Good Friend Images Facebook Covers. There are also similar Facebook Covers to A Good Friend Images Facebook Covers so you can expand your interests while looking for A Good Friend Images Facebook Covers!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.383928
Retrieved Text: It Is The Cheapest Price Ever In High Quality Buy Kyle Friend Jersey Sold Well! We Deliver For Free Shipping!
Kyle Friend Will Be The King Of The Football Field.Consequently,whether Or Not You Desire To Grow To Be The Master Around The NFL Ball Court Or Not?I Believe What You Need Now Is Positive To Get A Pittsburgh Steelers Jerseys. Dressed In The Kyle Friend Pittsburgh Steelers Jersey,and You Will Really Feel Their Passion On The Field With The Pittsburgh Steelers Players Kyle Friend.The Low Cost Genuine Kyle Friend Jersey Is Assured To Possess You Take Pleasure In It Extremely A Lot.Furthermore,our Steelers Jerseys Personal An Excellent High Quality Make You Happy. The Low Cost Kyle Friend Elite Jerseys,with Which We Present You,are All Sewn By Hand.And Every Single Detail May Be The Identical Because The Jersey Which Kyle Friend Has On Within The Football Field,such As,the Embroidery Font And Numbers.Nike Kyle Friend Authentic Jersey,Friend Limited Jersey,Friend Game Jerseys Once You Put On The Kyle Friend Nike Pittsburgh Steelers Jersey,you May Have A Diverse Feeling.As A Result Move Now! What Gift Do You Send For Your Friend When She Or He Holds A Birthday Party?Do You Nevertheless Feel About It?Just Send Him Or Her A Inexpensive Nike Kyle Friend Authentic Jersey,which Is A Superb Concept.I Really Feel That Your Buddy Love It Definitely.You Can Possess A Attempt.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.381084
Retrieved Text: A senior at Penn Manor High School, Dani Warfel, believes she has chosen a good best friend, one that may have saved her life.
Her best friend is able to give her advice to keep her safe. Even if she thinks about getting in a car with someone who is intoxicated, her best friend reminds her there are consequences. Warfel’s best friend went through her own experience of a death of a friend that was involved in a car crash.
“She keeps me in line,” said Warfel.
A best friend, or BFF, is important for any teen. In fact, some teens consider several friends as their BFFs.
“It’s better to have a couple best friends then a whole bunch of friends that you’re not close to. In the end the couple best friends will be the ones you know the longest,” said senior Devin Yecker.
In high school, choosing a best friend or group of them can be hard to do. Many high school students have learned that their best friends can have the best or worst advice and have an impact on their lives. From being able to share their life experiences to being able to help them get through the rough times, a best friend is important to nearly every teen.
Sometimes being a teenager can make you feel disconnected from your parents or other adults. A best friend will listen to you express your feelings and concerns, and try to give you advice or help you solve problems. A best friend can better understand what’s going on in the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.379985
Retrieved Text: Friends are not forever, but for as long as you live.
But first take the trouble to decide who is a good friend.
1. A good friend is someone who tells you what you need to hear, not only what you want to hear.
2. A good friend is someone who stabs you in the chest (who corrects you), not in the back.
3. A good friend is someone who reminds you about doing something for your life after death, for the day when you will stand before Allah.
4. A good friend is someone from whom you learn new things.
5. A good friend is someone whose silence you find interesting and relaxing and whose conversation is enlightening.
6. A good friend is someone who is interested in you enough to devote time and thought to you.
7. A good friend is someone who you can look up to and hold as a role model.
A good friend is someone who is always there with you even when he is not. A good friend is someone who you can meet after a decade and pick up a string of conversation as if you’d met him the previous evening. A good friend is someone who challenges you to be and do your best, one who will not accept your excuses for poor quality or laziness. A good friend is someone who is happier when you succeed, than when he succeeds himself.
This is one of those posts which should be circulated on social media as a whatsapp forward. Beautifully written. Should be disseminated widely. I like

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.375364
Retrieved Text: Did you just say something you can't take back? We've all done it at least once with a friend. These aren't momentary "oops" statements (in which you say something dumb and hurtful without meaning to cause harm), but nasty, negative things (even if they are true) that you know are going to cause your friend hurt or heartache.
You may, for example, tell your friend's secret in front of a group, make a snarky comment that should have been kept in, or expose a confidence that will embarrass your friend.
As a friend, you know the hot buttons in your friend's life​ and should do all you can to avoid setting them off.
Once you say something like this, you can't just say "I was kidding" or "I didn't really mean it." Your friend will know better. You also can't turn it around and try and accuse your friend of taking it the wrong way.
You most likely know the things that will set your friend off, and when you bring them up you need to take responsibility for trying to cause emotional pain for your friend. Perhaps there is a reason you feel the need to do this. Maybe you are angry at them for something or feel that they have been careless in the way they've treated you. You don't have to accept behavior that bothers you, but saying something hurtful to even the score isn't the way to go.
Here's what to do if you've already crossed the line.
A sincere apology is key to getting beyond a verbal

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.36723
Retrieved Text: Television has given us a variety of friendship dynamics that viewers can relate to. Whether you are a ride or die friend like Pam from “Martin” or the bourgeoisie one like Whitley from “A Different World”, this quiz will let you know.
Your friend calls to tell you they just found out their significant other is cheating. What do you say?
Forget them, let’s go out somewhere.
Don’t worry. I didn’t like them anyway.
Your work crush asks you out on a date, but you already have plans with your bestie. What do you do?
Call your friend and tell them you have to reschedule. They’ll understand.
Tell your crush you already have plans, then ask if you can hang out another time.
Try to find a way to do both.
Go on the date then tell your friend what happened afterwards.
head to their house and make an effort to spend as much time with them as you can until they’re feeling better.
send them a “Get Well Soon” card with a gift card for their favorite store.
tell them you’re sorry to hear that, then proceed to tell them about your date last night.
ask them if they want you to come over to keep them company.
head to the kitchen to fix you and your friend something to eat.
ask your friend to fix you something to eat.
tell your friend you’re going to get food, and you’ll be back later.
ask your friend if they want to order out.
call your best friend and tell them to pack their bags.
call your best friend and ask them who you should

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.366414
Retrieved Text: What makes us a good friend? And what might make us a not-so-good friend?What can friends do together? And how do we make friends?Best-selling author Molly Potter presents practical advice on helping children understand how to be a true friend and what helps and what hinders friendships.
Will You Be My Friend? is ideal for starting conversations about making friends and includes a guide for parents and carers about supporting a child if they are having friendship difficulties. With fun and lively illustrations from Sarah Jennings, this book is both humorous and charming, and prompts children to discuss the idea of friendship with parents and peers.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.361366
Retrieved Text: Surgery can be traumatic for many people. If you have a friend who's just undergone a procedure, you may be concerned about what to say or do. There are many great ways to be supportive after a surgery, and if you stay empathetic and patient you can be a great asset to a recovering friend.
Plan your visit ahead of time. While your friend might usually love a spur of the moment visit, recovering from surgery is a different matter entirely. Not only do hospitals often have specific visiting hours, your friend might need to prepare physically and emotionally for visitors.
Know the hospitals visiting hours and policies. Depending on where in the hospital your friend is staying, there is different protocol for visitation. If your friend is still in the recovery room, for example, only one visitor at a time is permitted, with the nurse's permission and supervision, and there are stricter rules for personal hygiene. Call the hospital ahead of time to ask about visiting hours and any restrictions.
Try to reach a family member or spouse to see when would be a good time to visit. This way, you'll have a better idea of how your friend is feeling, what tests have been run, and whether they're up for visitors. Once you know, plan your visit accordingly. Call or text once more before heading out to make sure your presence is still welcome.
Plan to stay about 20 or 30 minutes, but use your judgment. If your friend seems tired or disengaged, you should slip out sooner.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.345412
Retrieved Text: What do you know about climate change? This short webtoon was created by Edd Gould in collaboration with environmental organisation TVE (Television for the Environment). The aim was to raise awareness about climate change.
If you have a story to tell about climate change, visit the biomovies competition website and see how you can enter a film.
Edd: Ahh, nothing like an electric fan on a hot day.
Friend: Err, Edd, I don't think we should be using this much electricity.
Edd: What do you mean?
Friend: Well, if we keep using this much electricity then the power plants that provide it will have to work overtime and that will result in the excretion of excessive amounts of greenhouse gases that will travel to the polar ice caps and boil and melt them and cause the sea levels to rise which will ultimately result in extreme weather changes, no doubt causing the Earth to both overheat and flood simultaneously.
Edd: Don't be silly! Like our electricity usage alone could cause that!
Friend: Yeah, I guess you're right. Hey, can I have one of those?
Engineer 1: Somebody somewhere is sure using a lot of electricity.
Engineer 2: And your point is?
Engineer 1: Huh, I just like to narrate.
Friend 2: What's that sound?
Friend: Holy hot dog in a toaster – it's a giant wave!
Edd: It's not THAT big, I've seen bigger. (He turns.) Err, that's slightly bigger!
Friend: Quick, Edd, turn everything off before it's too late.
Edd: How on Earth will that do anything now?
Edd: Well, that's just silly.
Friend 2: You know what, guys? I’ve learned something

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.324471
Retrieved Text: Once we know the warning signs of violence in relationships, we can begin to understand how to find help for ourselves and our friends.
Have you ever felt scared of her/his temper?
Do you need to justify everything you do, everywhere you go, and everyone you see to avoid his/her anger?
Are you afraid to end the relationship because s/he has threatened to hurt you, your family, friend or pet?
Does your friend blame you when s/he becomes angry?
Do you have to defend or apologize for his/her behaviour to your friends or family?
Do you feel like you have to “walk on eggshells” so s/he won’t get mad?
Have you been kept away from your friends or family?
Are you afraid to say no to your friend?
Have you ever been hit, pushed, grabbed, kicked, and/or shoved?
Has your friend thrown things at you?
Are you criticized for how you look, talk, or dress?
Does s/he make fun of something that you feel vulnerable about?
Are you forced into sexual activity that you are uncomfortable with?
Can you go out, get a job, join a club/team without his/her permission?
Have you ever been humiliated or “put down” in front of your friends?
Do you stay because you feel you can change or help her/him?
Do you feel you cannot tell anyone because either they won’t believe you or they will think you are stupid to stay?
Have you ever threatened your friend to get what you want?
Have you ever thrown or broken things in anger in front of your friend?
Are you jealous if s/he spends time with others?
Do you criticize your friend’s appearance?
Do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.318534
Retrieved Text: The Friend Theory family is growing! We are looking for likeminded individuals who want to join us on our mission to enable anyone to find a friend, anywhere in the world.
Founded in Melbourne in 2017 by a bunch of mates, Friend Theory is a map-based platform that leverages on your 2nd degree social network – your friends of friends – so you can always find and connect with a trustworthy connection anywhere in the world.
You will be joining the small dev team mainly working on the backend development of Friend Theory where you’ll be able to do what you do best: build software, and build fast. Without any bureaucracies involved.
You will be joining the small dev team and leading the mobile development of Friend Theory where you’ll be able to do what you do best: build mobile apps, and build fast. Without any bureaucracies involved.
This is a very flexible role where you’ll be have to freedom to design your own role given your skillset. But ultimately you will become the voice of Friend Theory, taking care of all things social and community management.
– Ability to work in a team and independently.
To apply to any of the positions, send us an email at hello@friendtheory.com and tell us why you want to work with us and why you think you’ve got the right skills and to join the team.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.290276
Retrieved Text: Give options. Sexual assault is a crime of power and control. In order to give a sense of control back to your friend/family allow him/her to carefully choose what option is best. He/she may not make the same decision you might make; however, only the victim can decide what is a healthy process for him/her. You can help them explore their options by suggesting available resources – medical, legal, friends, family, counselors, or any other support you can think of.
In most cases of sexual assault, the offender is known to the victim, which means it is likely someone she (or he) trusted, like a boyfriend, friend, or classmate.
A victim may have fear of or confusion about the criminal justice or judicial processes.
If drugs or alcohol were involved, victims may choose not to report because they are worried they will get in trouble, as well.
Let your friend know that you will believe him/her and support his/her decisions.
Remind him/her that no one, regardless of relationship or status within the community, has the right to hurt him/her and that no matter what, it is not his/her fault that this occurred.
Connect him/her with resources that can help set expectations and provide an understanding of the criminal justice or judicial process.
Tell your friend you will go with him/her to make the report, if he/she decides to do so.
If there is a situation where you fear for a friend’s safety, you may choose to discuss what is happening with a trusted adult even though your friend requested privacy. However, if your friend

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.286059
Retrieved Text: A friend of mine, an expert in statistical genomics, told me the following story: At a dinner party, an attractive lady asked him, “What do you do for a living?” He replied, “I model.” As my friend is a handsome man, the lady did not question his statement and continued, “What do you model?” “Genes.” She then looked at him up and down and said, “Mh, you must be very much in demand.” “Yes, very much so, especially after I helped discover a new culprit gene for a common childhood disease.” The lady looked puzzled.
In this snapshot, I will give you an insight into Statistics, the field that fascinated my friend (and myself) so much. I will concentrate on phenomena that change over time, in other words, dynamical events.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.280781
Retrieved Text: Miss Rya's blog | Coffee, sugar and art. Be drama.
Are you ready for Easter? I am not too. Do not worry. But today I only want to say thank you. Thank you, my dear friend, for your nice words, hope and motivation. Thank you for being here, for reading this post. Thank you for your faith. For your love. You can not understand how much you mean for me.
But also I wanted to say thank You, God. Thank You for this amazing day, for Your love, Your trust, Your belief in me. People, You have send to me today. Inspiration, you showed to me. This life, you gave to me. Thank You, my Lord. For everything.
And, my dear friend, as always, be happy.
My confession. Or a new book?
I am not sure if I have said it, but… I just wrote a book. And I hope to publish it one day… It was really hard work and what I can say, if you do not like to write, do not get a pleasure from this, it will be very hard for you. Anyway, you can try. And I will be waiting for your works.
The clock shows 1:57 a.m. And if you are here, you can see, I am not asleep yet. But now I want to talk about another thing. My lovely friend, take a coffee, sit down and listen. I will tell you my story. Call it my confession. But be silent. No one has to know it.
It happened inadvertently. Or is it exactly what is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.277571
Retrieved Text: It’s so easy to connect with friends when talking over lunch, catching up while going for a hike, or planning a dinner party. However, if cancer strikes your friend, the dynamics of your relationship will change in a big way! I have experienced this both as someone who has had cancer as well as in the position of being a friend of someone who has cancer.
As I have said before, cancer does not happen in isolation. It didn’t just happen to me. It happens to a person’s family, friends, and community. What this means to you, the friend of someone who has cancer, is that you have the opportunity to play an important supporting role for your friend throughout their cancer journey. Don’t feel overwhelmed or helpless. They may see you as of their most important Silver Linings through out their sickness.
1. Be present. This does not mean being physically present at all times because not everyone wants to be visited when they are sick. However, being present means doing little things such as helping with childcare, dropping off food, running errands, sending a small note, or suggesting a good movie or book. In this way, you are being present through random acts of kindness which will go a long way with your friend.
2. Be inquisitive. First, ask your friend if they are up to talking. If they are, follow by asking specifically what you could do that would be beneficial for them during treatment. Although questions like these may be hard to ask, being inquisitive

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.244667
Retrieved Text: What is a friend referral?
Many companies are now facilitating referral programs which allow new customers to sign up using a friend referral links or promo codes rather than directly on the company's website. By signing up through a friend referral, customers can earn additional rewards or benefits.
How do friend referrals work?
To access the friend referral link, in the search box, type in the name of a merchant or app. Then, select the name of the merchant and follow the directions on the merchant's friend referral page to access additional details on the deal or bonus.
What should I do if a merchant supports friend referral but PlumBucket does not list it?
If this is the case, please Contact us and let us know. We will add the referral as soon as possible.
Does PlumBucket guarantee that the friend referral links are valid?
We do our best to maintain accurate friend referral information for every merchant we support. Still, we request that customers use the links and data on as-is basis without any warranty/guarantees. If you do not agree with this statement, do not use our friend referral links. Plumbucket is not responsible for any missed or incorrect friend referrals for any reason.
Would you like to submit a friend referral that you'd like us to post on our website?
Please fill out this form to submit your referral information.
Are friend referrals only valid for new customers?
Yes. Most of the time the referral bonus is only valid for new customers.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.239486
Retrieved Text: I met a friend for a slice of pizza and a beverage a few weeks ago. He knew I was involved with Internet marketing and social media, but he wasn’t clear on what I did – exactly.
My friend is an acupuncturist. He has an Internet start up project in mind that revolves around developing healthy lifestyle habits. He wanted to pick my brain about the marketing for this project.
If you think I tailored the type of work I do online to match and make relevant to his goals, ambitions and questions, you’re exactly correct. And that my friends, is copywriting.
I just spoke in plain language to my friend, and made what I do applicable to what he wants to do.
I’ll say that once more in a slightly different way: Make what you do applicable for what one person wants to do.
This is what you should be doing in all of your content and copywriting.
Don’t make it more difficult than that. It mostly requires that you’re speaking to one person.
Although thousands of visitors (if not millions over time) will come to your web pages, they’ll be filing in one-at-a-time. Don’t try to talk to all of them. Instead, imagine you’re having a one-on-one conversation with your best prospect or customer and write as you’d talk to her.
Make it personal like I did with my acupuncture friend for pizza and a beverage. You can actually practice your copywriting by doing what I did.
Invite your perfect prospect or customer to coffee. Get into this practice. Can you explain what

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.234458
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, you just don’t like your teen’s friends. At this age, your teen is making more and more adult decisions every day and it is not entirely under your control who your child will befriend. Although it is not a parent’s job to decide at any age whether you like the friend or not, you do want to make sure your child is safe, not being hurt, and can make good decisions for himself.
individuality. The friend may actually be harmless and have very good moral values. Sometimes, it’s the friend that looks “normal” that encourages drug use, defiance, ditching school, and other negative behaviors. Watching how your teen is acting will help you determine if you need to step in and teach about making better choices.
1. Behavior: Has your child’s behavior changed? Is she being more defiant? More aggressive? If so, there may be a friend who is negatively influencing her.
2. Grades: Are grades consistent with what they have been in the past, or are they falling?
3. Attitude: How is your teen treating you and other adults? How is she treating her siblings?
These signs may indicate that your teen is in a friendship that may be negatively impacting her.
When you don’t like your teen’s friends, you want to monitor their relationships more closely, while trying hard not to be a controlling parent. Offer your home as the “hang out” house where kids can come and watch a movie, have a video game tournament, etc . In your home, you will get to know this friend better

================



======= Instance Index 6978 =========
Input Text: What might a saw be part?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- tool kit
- toolbox
- tool shed
- hardware store
- bathroom

Target Text: tool kit

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.243963
Retrieved Text: What Part of Eyjafjallajökull Don't You Understand?
I don't know if Iceland has more waterfalls than any other country in the world, but it's ceartainly got some of the best what with Gullfoss, Skógafoss, Seljalandsfoss, Svartifoss, Goðafoss, Uberfoss, Yúdaboss, Dentálfloss etc. I'm not sure we saw all of Iceland's waterfalls, or whether we just saw the same ones two or three times. It's hard to trust those guides.
Unfortunately, we did not get to see any of the famous Icelandic guard yaks. I'm getting concerned that Kleiner Perkins might have been overly optimistic in their assessment of the potential for www.yakwhisperer.com in Iceland. Still, it could be a nice strategic fit with their Norwegian automotive investments.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.229737
Retrieved Text: Concrete is a highly durable building material as well as one of the toughest things to be demolished. In this case, the diamond-coated saw blades, which are used in concrete cutting in San Clemente can provide a safer and cleaner result. Diamond blades are not that expensive and relatively affordable, but what is important about it is that one should be well informed about the possible dangers associated with cutting of concrete. Cutting concrete through the walls or ceilings generally involves cutting the steel bars and may lead to sparking also. Homeowners usually find the requirement for cutting existing concrete for repairing broken sewage lines or water pipes that run beneath a concrete patio, walkway or driveway.
One might even need digging trenches and lay down pipes under existing concrete slabs and pads for setting up drainage in the yard. At times, homeowners also might need to add a part of the concrete slab or patio to be availed with concrete cutting for altering the landscaping. It is also common to eliminate a part of the concrete wall, especially in the basement to access the crawlspaces or for other projects of home alteration. If you want this job to be done at your home, you must find someone with a lot of experience and skill. You have to discuss with the contractor about the exact need of the situation and take adequate measures to get results as expected.
Speak with the contractor about the equipment as well as safety precautions, which may be taken during the course of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.144289
Retrieved Text: Who wants a leather combo pouch?
How to set up website/webcam?
how long to keep pay check stubs?
Tool Logic - Credit Card Companion??
Anyone watch TLC on Friday night, and see me on TV?
What are your favorite search engines?
What happened part II ?!
what happened part III ?!
Saaby, this one's for you!
Did anyone feel the shake?
Any Johnny G fans? Who listens to 107.7 -- "The Bone"?
I think my auto mechanic might be ripping me off.
Free Flashlight Contest, Round 2, Your input needed!
Saw the A2 pic, WOW!
When someone sends you money via Paypal,. . . .
The direction SureFire is headed?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.924267
Retrieved Text: what’r ya doin’ on new years eve?
Imagine that! And B.B. King’s is on 42nd Street, just a half block from where the big ball drops. What a night! It’ll be complete pandemonium.
You might think that Chuck Berry is to too old to rock, but I saw Jerry Lee Lewis right after he had triple bypass surgery and he was fantastic. Saw Roy Orbison before he died and he was great, too. Those old geezers have been at it for such a long time that giving a high-quality performance is part of their nature. It’s the same way with the Rolling Stones.
Wow…I thought Chuck Berry was dead! Shows how much I know!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.784899
Retrieved Text: Now, in the long and colorful history of film, it could easily be said that there are many topics which could challenge a director. I’d have to guess one of the most challenging might be the topic of this film. Nothing quite like telling the story of the birth of Christ to really make a lone director feel a little pressure. That might be why this film had three. All kidding aside though, I was intrigued when I saw the poster for this film. After Mel Gibson’s Passion of the Christ, I imagined telling other stories about Jesus might be hard to do. Thankfully, I was completely wrong.
This film has what this story SHOULD have. It has a refined quality to it that shows the care and intrgreity of those involved. This is, after all, one of the most beloved and shared stories of all time. It should be given to the viewer with dignity, respect, and most of all love. The directors of this story do all that as they let you bask in the beauty of Morocco as the tale unfolds. The fantastic Keisha Castle-Hughes is Mary, and gives the role a grace I’ve always imagined her to have. Newcomer Oliver Issac is her match as the strong and loving Joseph. He plays the part carefully, with the knowledge in mind that this is a role people will dissect from beginning to end. You don’t need to though. The love and compassion the pair have is a bright point in this beautiful story.
One point

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.726702
Retrieved Text: Are you sick and tired of trying to use your old circular saw or manual saw to cut wood. If so, a quality table saw can make your life easier and your work a lot more accurate and even fun. Because these small saws can often rip, crosscut, miter, and even bevel a variety of different materials, they are very versatile tools to have.
First, thing about the size of material that you are going to cut. In general, these are good for anything from about 1×1 to 4×4, so that gives you plenty of leeway. If you need to cut larger or smaller sizes, you will probably have to invest in a specialized machine. For example, there are more powerful saws that you can buy than a table saw.
* They should store away easily and not take up that much room when you are not using them.
* The machine should sit in one place, and you simply feed it wood.
Speaking of feeding in wood, be sure you buy a standard table saw that comes with all of the right safety equipment. If you happen to buy a used one, it might be that the owner did not bother to install these things, but you really should work with them. They are no trouble, and they could protect your fingers from getting sliced off by a blade or your nose from getting smashed by a board that pops up.
* Blade guard: A blade guard protects your fingers from the sharp blade.
* Splitter: This holds the cut in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.656096
Retrieved Text: Workmanship is increasingly when we saw this on the mass of the new individuals. Everybody need that his profile turn out to be new and one of a kind as contrast with the majority of the others and the [url=https://writing-reviews.com/mastersthesiswriting-com-review]mastersthesiswriting.com review[/url] of these things is might be right yet after observed these photographs some part jelous from us.
Workmanship is increasingly when we saw this on the mass of the new individuals. Everybody need that his profile turn out to be new and one of a kind as contrast with the majority of the others and the mastersthesiswriting.com review of these things is might be right yet after observed these photographs some part jelous from us.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.647305
Retrieved Text: If you have any question's to my problem ask them I feel like i'm missing something and someone might bring something up that I missed. Thanks for the help.
Just call your Recruiter & explain the situation to him. You were under no obligation because you hadn't signed anything yet. I have a problem with the fact that you were evidently scheduled to go to MEPS & missed your appointment. But like I say - you were under no obligation except keeping your Recruiter updated. That's the right thing to do as he already has time invested in you but I'm sure that it's quite common.
If you plan on joining the Reserves with the thought of going active duty after college you might be disappointed. It's not that easy. The Reserve unit has to be willing to release you & the Active Duty Army has to be willing to accept you on their terms. Also I'd find out if the Reserve unit you plan to join accepts the ECS program. I understand that some don't.
You'd be better off going into ROTC & come out as an officer. Either that or finish college & enlist. Those with bachelors degrees go in as E-4 SPCs if you want to go the enlisted route or if ROTC is out of the question then you can enlist with an OCS contract (09S) & get a commission that way.
You have some decisions to make.
Last edited by MSG Glenn; 07-03-2011 at 01:21 PM.
Yea I just saw you edit you're post so now I

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.529598
Retrieved Text: If you’re stuck for ideas on what to get your DIY dad this Father’s Day, here’s a few quick ideas to get you inspired!
You can’t go wrong with a power tool! If he doesn’t have any, a good place to start is a cordless drill. If you know he’s got something but not sure what, take a sneaky trip to the shed and make a list or take some photos. You can then head down to the hardware store and pick out something else. If you’re picking up a cordless tool, pick up something that’s the same brand so the batteries he already has will fit them.
Sharp tools are easier to use and also give better results than blunt ones. Make your dad’s life easier with a chisel and planer blade sharpener. It fits on the end of a power drill and the guide makes sure the chisels and blades are held at the right angle, which is critical for their sharpness. You could also consider a drill bit sharpener. It’ll make the most of his drill bits, which can blunt easily.
If he’s rummaging around under the house or up in the roof, a head torch is essential. It’ll keep his hands free for whatever it is he might be doing. The benefits don’t stop there! He can take it camping, fishing or even checking on the BBQ if he’s cooking at night.
If you’ve spied your DIY dad using his drop saw on a table, a few saw stools or even just sitting on the ground,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.519703
Retrieved Text: It was two years ago when I first wrote about this new saw that offered so many new features and promised to save contractors time. The saw was the Straight Flush, and two years later it is almost ready to be a part of your tool arsenal.
What makes the Straight Flush different from every other circular saw on the market? Its name might give you a clue; its design allows it to cut flush right up against a stud, wall, or any other perpendicular surface. And it can do so much more, but it needs your help. The company behind the Straight Flush wants to have the saw made in the USA. This sounds great, but in reality, having a small company make small quantities in the USA is not easy to do. The fact is that it costs too much, but this is where you come in; Straight Flush has opened up Pre-Orders and additional funding to help make their USA made saw a reality. There is a bit of risk involved in getting your return with these types of funding projects, but now is your chance to walk the walk when it comes to asking for made in USA tools. Check out Straight Flush on FaithFunder.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.4036665
Retrieved Text: We saw the deer walking through the woods.
We saw the deer, walking through the woods.
I have learnt if a participle phrase is extraposed, a comma is to precede it to modify the subject: 'we' in my sentence above.
If there is no comma, the participle phrase modifies what comes before (deer).
"In this sentence, interrupting is actually a participle, not a gerund, since it functions as an adjective modifying Bill" Why so?!!!!!!
you don;t need the come in thi case, because the information int he clause sentence (walking through the woods) is not important. That means, that the first part( We saw the deer) can be alone, without the second, it won't hurt the first sentecne construction and grammatic.
Inchoateknowledge We saw the deer walking through the woods.
I don't know the answer to your second question, but I have something to say about deer.
We saw the deer walking through the woods. To me, this means that the deer was (or were) walking in the woods. We might not have been walking, and maybe we weren't even in the woods.
We saw the deer, walking through the woods. But when I see this, I understand it to mean that we walked in the woods and saw the deer. The deer might have been standing still, lying down, running (not necessarily walking).
I think this sentence is a compound one with two independent clauses. The second clause is in ellipsis form.
I was irritated by Bill; he was constantly interrupting.
subordinating relation of clauses: because: subordinating conjunction.
I was irritated by Bill, because he was constantly irritating.
It

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.33436
Retrieved Text: I looked outside and saw nine-year-old Henry riding his trick bike, wearing black baseball pants that might as well be leggins, no socks, cleats, a black Harley Davidson T-shirt, and a black suede Hop-Along Cassidy vest that is part of a Halloween costume he wore when he was maybe five at the most.
I watched him stop, put one foot down, adjust his banged-up Hot Wheel helmet and look west to admire the sunset. He scanned the sky and found the moon, then looked again at the back-lit clouds. He saw me. Gave me a thumbs up. Pointed to the sky, nodded in approval, got back on that bike and sped around for the last fleeting moments of daylight. He is his father’s son, for sure. Appreciating the beauty of this earth, even on the go. What a gift.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.294396
Retrieved Text: I was wondering if anyone can help me. I saw this purse that reese witherspoon was carrying (and i know i saw it on other celebs b4) but i cant for the life of me figure out the name of it. I want to buy it so if anyone has any idea what i am talking about it would be really helpful. It was a red leather handbag, w/ a red leather heart hanging from the zipper part i think. she had it hanging on her forearm. I dont know what else i would be able to say to describe it...i really hope that is enough to help anyone help me..lol.
Would you be able to post a picture? It might be a Luella Bartley bag...I distinctly remember seeing her carry one, and it matches your description.
Yep- its the beautiful Luella Gisele Bag. It may be the smaller version (called the baby), but I'm not sure. Gorgeous bag!!
Thank you guys so much! its my valentines wish list and i had no idea what to tell my fiancee!..lol. it is a gorgeous bag and i feel anything she carries is fine for me! thanks again!
NM had a bunch of the Gisele bags on sale (but not in red). It may be worth a look. Hope you get it!
LOVE Reese and LOVE that bag!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.28252
Retrieved Text: Part of what gives lovable lunkhead Vin Diesel his charm is his eternal optimism. Whether he’s pounding Coronas with the family or engaging in a good-natured pro-wrestling beef with his co-star Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Diesel seems like the kind of guy who’s happy just to be invited. He’s also the Fast & Furious series’ biggest fan, perennially expressing his disbelief that the series isn’t sweeping the Academy Awards like a little kid whose favorite movie is always the last movie he saw, especially if he got to eat pizza afterwards.
As bizarre as that might be, he is definitely going to [be recognized]. As crazy as that might sound, he should have really been acknowledged for Straight Outta Compton. I think he went into making this movie with a little bit of a chip [on his shoulder], going ‘Oh, really? Now I’m going to take the biggest saga in the world, and I’m about to throw Oscars at you.’ Wait until you see what he does!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.215917
Retrieved Text: After last weekend and Influence 2015 let’s continue building what God has already begun.
3. New ‘God is…’ series. Excited about the opportunity to unpack the character of God. Our view of God has to be based on more than our experience of Him.
6. Opportunities to invite & bring people. This new series affords us the opportunity to bring friends & family to church. People are curious. We might say ‘God is’ but they might ask ‘Is God?’ Tell them we are answering some of these questions.
8. Last week we saw people give their lives to Jesus. It’s the greatest decision a person can ever make and we are expectant that more of our friends and family will do the same this Sunday.
9. We get to bless a bunch of people we will never meet. Don’t forget to bring you new, fresh towel as we look to support a couple of local Refuges.
See you in Church. Pray for all that is part of what we do. It’s gonna be a great day.
Do I Have a Willingness?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.208209
Retrieved Text: Last week we saw three videos from John Legend and the Roots’ Spike Lee-filmed concert. Since, JohnLegendVEVO has upped many, many more. You can watch them all here. One, however, deserves its own post.
Do the Right Thing. Driving Miss Daisy. John Legend and the Roots at Terminal 5. What do these things have in common? Well, if you read the headline, you already know: Spike Lee filmed them. As part of American Express’ Unstaged series pairing famous musicians with famous directors, Lee brought his Brooklyn touch to last night’s Manhattan concert. He went all out, recreating the Wake Up! album cover onstage and letting the guys do their thing.
So far only two songs have been archived, but if the recent Arcade Fire/Terry Gilliam Unstaged is any indication, the full thing will be rebroadcast in a week or two. Until then, check out Legend and the Roots performing Eugene McDaniels’ “Compared to What” and album highlight “I Can’t Write Left Handed.” As we saw before, this latter features the Roots’ “Captain” Kirk Douglas playing brain-exploding guitar. Screw “best guitarist in hip-hop”; this guy might be one of the best guitarists around period.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.204545
Retrieved Text: A year ago I was sitting in a hospital bed. It’s exhausting to talk about, but the reality is it changed me. God used that experience to gently change my heart towards people. I was hospitalized for 2.5 months while pregnant with our third child and it was lonely and isolating. I still struggle to talk about that time because I feel so unworthy. I tend to think “oh Morgan, so many people have gone through worse than you, so you have no right to talk about your story and what happened in that time. No one cares because at the end of the day, you had a healthy baby and you’re fine. The end.” I also realize that’s my tendency with most things. I forget that God has a story to tell through me and that God uses my story to demonstrate his grace, his goodness and how he moves people to action in his name. Why should I keep silent about that?
Giving is hard. Giving to someone who needs a lot is hard. But Jesus himself said “It is more blessed to give than to receive.” (Acts 20:35) Jesus himself said that. That means something must happen to us when we give. I had a lot of needs in that 2.5 months – A LOT. As a mom, I’m used to doing all the things. So, as you can imagine, I was the one receiving A LOT. I saw something happen in my friends, in my family, in my kids and in our staff

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.188388
Retrieved Text: OH, having leprosy during Bible times was a terrible thing! You couldn’t just go down to the chemist and buy a cream to put on it. You couldn’t go to a hospital and get better while you played on an iPad all day in bed. Oh no. You had to live with the skin disease, and just hope it went away.
The problem was leprosy didn’t usually just go away, and this was bad, because, if you had leprosy, the worst part wasn’t all the itching, the worst part wasn’t having oozy skin, the worst part wasn’t when you starting to bleed if you bumped a rashes, oh no, the worst part was not being allowed to go near ANYONE who did not already have leprosy.
This was because if you DID go near someone without leprosy, and maybe they touch something you had touched, THEY might get leprosy also.
This meant you could no longer go to the markets to buy things, you could no longer go to church, no longer go to school, no longer play sport or games with friends. In fact, you could no longer even go home to your family!
How awful, not even being able to go to your family any more.
Because this was such a terrible disease, and to stop everyone from catching it, there were some laws. And these laws were to keep all those who did not have leprosy safe from catching leprosy.
I need a helper, who can be a priest for me? Stand over here. I need two lepers too.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.174876
Retrieved Text: Are you sure you understand what people say? Unfortunately, you cannot be certain.
You likely understood what that meant, despite the fact that survivors should be replaced with a word like deceased or dead. Although it is possible that the authorities wanted to bury the survivors, you made the deduction that it was more likely that the authorities wanted to bury the dead.
Some people aren't happy with this answer. This is in part because someone might mean any number of things which are compatible with your deductions.
If you want to be formal about this [optional section], the first approach requires your brain creating some sort of 'probability distribution' of what is likely. A probability distribution simply models how likely different outcomes are. If you are going to make a probabilistic judgement based on some evidence, you need to be able to have a way of assigning probabilities to the evidence.
Further, your brain seems to use conditional (or Bayesian) probability with this approach. It has a 'distribution' for the meanings of a word and how likely it is to be used in a certain way. For instance, if I say the word 'red' you get a sense of what its possible meanings are. Given the overall shape of the sentence and the other words, it then adjusts what it is most likely to mean. If say 'I hit him, and he saw red' I am referring to 'seeing red', i.e. that he was angry. It is possible he just saw something red, but given I hit him, this

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.146336
Retrieved Text: I grabbed What the Dog Saw from my bookshelf just as I was leaving for the airport. Malcolm Gladwell's books typically make for some nice flight reading, and from what I remember from reading What the Dog Saw many years ago, I thought that it would be just as good. Even though my flight was only to Copenhagen, I managed to read this one in one weekend. Granted I did skip some of the more insufferable material, but nobody can blame you for that if its the second time you are reading a Gladwell.
What the Dog Saw is essentially a collection of essays published in The New Yorker, and it definitely reads like it. Chapters are independent pieces, so taking a few minutes to let it all sink in after each story is a good idea. You might feel that you have learned something, if you just hunker it down in a few nights, but you won't remember much afterwards.
Malcolm Gladwell always makes for satisfying reading, but it's not really clear to me how I should approach his work. For pure entertainment value, you can just hop through the books feeling somewhat superior but not really learn anything new. But if you go back and try to meticulously wade through all of the information, you'll always run into some wishful thinking on the authors part and some poorly handled source material. I am not saying that this applies to everything in here, but there is just enough of it to always come out feeling a little

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.087736
Retrieved Text: This past Friday, Peter Jackson’s interpretation of The Hobbit came out in theaters, the first part in a trilogy for J.R.R. Tolkein’s novel. It’s been a pretty long time since we last visited Middle Earth—this time we’re meeting an (almost) entirely new cast of characters as we learn about what transpired before the story of Frodo.
If you haven’t been keeping up with Peter Jackson’s video diaries along the way to release, they’re an interesting inside look at how the movie came to be, and what it takes to develop such a big-budget flick. To celebrate the movie’s release—and because I saw a bunch of cool stuff on ThinkGeek (where else?)—I thought I’d highlight a few items fans of The Hobbit might enjoy.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.05292
Retrieved Text: Well, we are at the end of our 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen R. Covey series. Now might be a good time to do a quick review of the previous 6 habits before finishing up with Habit 7: Sharpen the saw.
‘‘Sharpen the saw’’ means preserving and enhancing the greatest asset you have – you. It is a habit and principle to live your life on. A journey of ongoing, never-ending and continuous self-improvement.
How do you continuously self-improve?
Sharpening the saw must be balanced across these four dimensions, otherwise a disparity will be created. We can offset an imbalance for a while, but not for the long-term. When businesses ignore this four-dimensional balance, inefficiencies, defensiveness and lack of synergy (Habit 6) ensues, creating a loss in productively, customer satisfaction and, ultimately, profitability and business sustainability.
We should consider sharpening the saw as an ongoing process of personal change. It’s not something that we can just do once or go hard at for a short period of time, believing that we’ve found an everlasting quick fix. It is about defining what success is in your own balanced, four-dimensional life. Remember, success is different for everyone, so its understanding what your version of success is across these four dimensions that is important. As a business owner and leader, part of your role is to help the people who report to you and look up to you explore these dimensions and establish goals for themselves.
Everyone is too busy but try to do it anyway!
It’s a given that we are

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.020147
Retrieved Text: What do we find in Paradise Lost? WE find white rocks, octopus heads, dead moths, flashbacks, back story, and even some scientific explanations!
So… are we to gather that the future is, indeed, malleable?
Did Malek’s vision and determination to not be cowardly in front of his daughter lead to a change in the future that the vision showed him?
Did the vision show a picture of the future not-yet-achieved?
Are the visions fallible? -are they a picture of what-might-come? -are they, perhaps, self-fulfilling?
My guess is that Malek will die they way he saw, he just misinterpreted the when of his death. Which is, to me, the least satisfactory answer. After all, if the future is not set in stone, might Daisy-Quakes’ vision be flawed…not a death sentence for a fellow SHIELD agent, but a warning?
Also… I am going to go out on a long, frail limb here… from the beginning we have talked about how Ward would really need an outrageous act of contrition in order to find redemption in a satisfactory way, right? Well, if Hive does get taken over or let inner personalities take charge, might Ward do something to sacrifice himself for his one-time friends? Is being a part of Hive something that Grant Ward would find more desirable than destruction? We know that from the beginning he really WANTED to be a hero… well, he might get his chance after all.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.977063
Retrieved Text: Now, its come to be realized the teen really didn’t do anything wrong. And the full video of what happened has come out leaving the left looking like what they are, a bully.
With so much information out now and the full video of what happened easily available on-line one can see the older man, Native American, went up to the teens standing there, not the other way around. And before that a group of African-Americans were hurling slurs at the teens.
Why then did the narrative get so twisted? That’s an easy answer.
To the left, they saw the picture. They saw a white kid which is strike one. After all, to the left whites are already racist. Then they saw the hat, a MAGA hat of all things. This is strike two because to them any Trump supporter is automatically a racist, Nazi, etc no matter what.
They then noticed the Native American, who is a minority and therefore a victim. Take in the teen’s ‘smirk’ and its obvious to any leftist this teen was using his ‘white’ privilege to bully that old Native American.
Sadly, there are some who still preach this narrative despite video showing anything but that.
The native is a known leftist activist with a history of such ‘intimidation’ attempts. His view of what happened doesn’t fit the video evidence and shows the opposite of what he said.
Why did the left get so easily fooled?
Simple, they saw their narrative and that’s all they needed. Their hatred for Trump, the right, and conservatives overread any logical analysis

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.96181
Retrieved Text: Can I hear in the chaos?
Life can be complicated, but knowing what God wants us to do is simple.
Simple: Jesus calls out, “FOLLOW ME” and we either follow him, or we don’t.
Even demons believe in God – so, apparently, that’s not enough for Heaven.
It is impossible to work my way to God by being a good person.
Jesus claimed to be God, who came to us.
What does “follow Jesus” mean? To pursue him. To hear his words, and obey.
To know what God wants from me, to know what it means to follow Jesus, I have to make the decision to listen. Practically: Will I be at Church next Sunday? Will I crack open my Bible tomorrow? Will I have a hard heart or one that is willing to be open to God?
Why, when we know what God wants us to do, do we make it so complicated?
Those who followed Jesus saw miracles, did miracles, and were part of changing the world. I can only imagine what Jesus might do through me, if I follow him.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.909896
Retrieved Text: Although it might be an obvious step, a lot of people don’t seem to think about this before taking photos. You should always determine what the subject of the photo is going to be prior to taking it. If you don’t, you end up taking pictures of random things and situations, and they don’t always look so good. You should also try to make the picture you capture focus on the subject.
Sometimes the picture you capture doesn’t express what you saw in the viewfinder. Let’s say you took a picture of Billy playing in the front yard. When you get the prints back and get ready for photo scanning, you still see Billy there, but you also see the bumper of your car, half a bush, a trashcan, and the neighbor’s broken gate. This is all a part of knowing what your subject is. The viewer of your image should not struggle to figure out exactly what the photo is supposed to be of.
Now that the first two steps have been applied, it’s now time for the third, and sometimes most effective tip. You want to keep your images simple, especially if focusing on a single subject. Before taking the photo, look through the viewfinder and look for any objects that might be distracting or might draw attention away from the subject. This mostly applies to objects along the edges of the frame that might lead viewers eyes away from the subject. If you notice something, get rid of it! This can be done by moving

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.88407
Retrieved Text: Taking the time to look over both the advantages and disadvantages of a cabinet table saw before you invest in such an important purchase can help to save you the trouble of being stuck with a saw that does not work well or does not perform all the tasks that you will ask of it. Keep in mind, your goal here is going to be durability and performance above all else. The best cabinet table saw is also one that is quick to set up so that it can be set up and moved easily from job site to job site.
According to the Consumer Products Safety Commission a table saw accident occurs a whopping every 9 minutes and an amputation occurs 10 times per day in the United States alone. SawStop has been saved millions of fingers with products like SawStop.
For those who take pride in their woodworking, SawStop is a company that does the same. From smooth and repeatable cutting to the true vertical elevation this table saw is perfect for the craftsman who puts both safety and quality first.
Some table saws have a lengthier warranty ( I wouldn’t let this be a deal breaker considering that this is a sweet cabinet saw).
Q: Is the 1.75 horsepower strong enough to rip hardware without having bogged it down?
A: Yes. This saw handles almost every task effortlessly. From 1/4 boards to even larger ones at 8/4 bars, this tool is well equipped for any project you have and cuts with ease. Users say with the professional blade,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.879258
Retrieved Text: I can hardly remember being 16. You’ve done well!
Fascinating … when I saw the title I knew exactly what I would tell my sixteen-year-old self, or one of my kids, who both are in high school now. It would be this … don’t let the fear and insecurity you feel keep you from living life and experiencing things to their fullest. It’s my greatest regret that I did that for far too long. But, then I read your post, and I agree. All that I experienced back then in my insecure, no self-confidence world is part of what makes me what I am today and drives me to do the things the scared kid that still lives inside of me wouldn’t do. I wonder how I might be now if I had been more self-confident way back then.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.856614
Retrieved Text: So, you don’t get too much from the trailer that I saw, but I was so intrigued by it that I immediately had to see this film! It might be because I’m slightly obsessed with anything space related, but still I went!
I wasn’t really sure what was going to be featured in this film, if it was a disaster movie, a film like Alien or whatever. No aliens, but I absolutely loved this film! Although the only scenes you saw were mainly in space (and I’m not going to ruin the end of the film), but it was so engulfing.
The only thing that irritated me slightly in this film was that anything Sandra Bullock had to do, she would do it wrong and cause a mini disaster. It’s like ‘C’mon woman, just grab something! Don’t click that button! Don’t jump out of the spacecraft!’.
I would definitely see this film again, and I cannot wait for it to come out on dvd!
Did any of you enjoy this film? Any ups or downs? Did Sandra irritate you slightly?
The dog part was a little random though, right?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.825656
Retrieved Text: If you were to ask me who the perfect opponent for Kimbo Slice would be I would probably find myself deep in thought. Kimbo Slice might never be considered an elite talent in Boxing or MMA, but Kimbo Slice is without a doubt one of the most interesting characters that MMA ever saw and continues to bring his freakshow legacy to the Boxing ring. That is kind of what makes Kimbo Slice awesome, he has a presence and is a scary looking guy who packs a serious punch. Sure, he’s not he greatest, but so what?
So back to the question, if you were to ask me who the perfect opponent for Kimbo Slice is, I think that the only logical conclusion would be Tank Abbott. Since that fight has already happened, the only other name I could come up with would be Butterbean. The best part about this? That fight is going to happen as long as Kimbo’s people have their way.

================



======= Instance Index 7821 =========
Input Text: Where can someone level up?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- video game
- garage
- food court
- carpenter's shop
- building

Target Text: video game

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.328445
Retrieved Text: Today we’re talking about how do you reach your clients through social media. Are your potential clients on social media? Where are they? What’s the best way to reach them?
So once you discover who your target audience is, it’s really important to dive deep into what are their behaviors. What are their interests? Where are they spending their time?
In this example, dental sales, is the dentist or the office manager, someone who you would target on Facebook ads? Is it someone that is spending a lot of time on Pinterest or Instagram? Is this someone that you can reach through organic or paid advertising through social media? Or is this someone that you would want to reach through a webinar or even through direct sales? Whether that’s calling them or showing up at their office.
Depending on their behaviors you’re going to want to switch your marketing strategy to something that’s actually going to reach them. So, for example, I have a client that they wanted to be reaching high-level CEOs for what their business provides. However, we look at the behavior of high-level CEOs, and they were too busy to be scrolling through Facebook. But their assistants might be, or the people underneath them in their management team may be.
In that case, is it possible to reach a high-level CEO through a Facebook ad or through organic traffic? Maybe not, however you can create social media content or webinars or even an application page for someone that is maybe a little below that CEO level to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 14.614162
Retrieved Text: Toronto recruiter Sherri Pinsler, of The Heller Group, says she is seeing women at low- and high-level positions in-house and with the mandates she works on “the pay is the pay is the pay” and compensation doesn’t differ based on gender.
That said, it could become an issue if someone is already in-house and as Foy notes, how someone negotiates when they come into a company can influence what salary level they are at, and long-term it can become difficult to catch up and lead to a pay equity issue.
“I would say, in fact, we’ve had a lot of mandates where we’re noticing companies across a variety of industries saying to us ‘make sure you present a diverse slate of candidates.’ I find people are actually looking to correct imbalances,” says Pinsler.
Sometimes, pay differences can also occur if the person started in-house and progressed up, compared to someone who came from private practice and were brought into the company at a higher rate for similar work.
“All that said, I did hear anecdotally a very senior in-house lawyer say she heard other people in her company who were men were at a higher pay level, so I would say it’s out there, but we are noticing companies being very cognizant of promoting women and the pay scale is the pay scale,” says Pinsler.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.299912
Retrieved Text: Can someone help me with the order of the words on dolphin level 18? I have been stuck for days with a r that I can not get to link up to end “jar”. I know all the words but not the correct solution. Thx!
I am so stuck on dolphin,18 have all the words, but cannot get the right combo. helpppp …..words are bedroom,pumpkin,shout,ruler,lava, chair, and jar.
dolphin 11 letters in chest section entirely different. Not solvable. Angry because really do enjoy the game but now cannot proceed.
dolphin level 7. I have a different puzzle than the one solved. Same words, different configuration. Anyone solved it?
dolphin level 9 – grid on my phone is different than what they show on the computer. No way to solve. How do you get to next puzzle?
Majorly stuck on dolphin Level 13 — can not get the R’s where needed to get the solution HELP — is there a walkthrough??
Dolphin 19 is protein not necktie…there is no k.
Dolphin LEVEL 19….instead of NECKTIE the word is PROTEIN!!!!! Finally solved this after 3 days!!!
Dolphin Level 19 is unsolvable!! NECKTIE is NOT in the puzzle….POINTER is the right word but I cannot solve!!!
Dolphin level 2 shows different letters than what I have. Mine are pepter Everything I see is crvpcs, what do I do?
I am on Dolphin level 7. I cannot get pulltab because I have already used the only P. Can someone let me know what to do. Can’t finish without this word!!
In Level 2 of Dolphin, my word was attitude instead of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.087282
Retrieved Text: "Does anyone else find that people being straight with them is completely VITAL to their wellbeing? There are obviously people with whom it's even more important (partner, family etc) but I find that I really can't tolerate dishonesty, to a level where the people around me have to know to be as descriptive as possible with anything they're feeling because I'm something of an empathy in that I always know when something's up and 9 times out of ten I'll know what it is, but I need to hear it from the horses mouth. I seem to know instinctively when someone is lying to me and get a sick feeling in my stomach until I have the full story. I feel really put out when someone tries to pull the wool over my eyes, to a level where I consider it cruel if they do it after I've explained to them how important it is that they don't. It can rock my whole world for a number of weeks and I have a really hard time recovering from it. I can handle happy stuff and I can handle sad stuff but being confused or not having the full story KILLS me. I still maintain that one of the biggest gifts you can give to another person besides love, is a proper explanation. Anyone else find that they're overly sensitive to deception or dishonesty? I feel like it's someone electively doing damage to the bond you share with them."

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.014006
Retrieved Text: Here’s the scenario. Your job is great along with the people you work with. You’re putting in the effort and getting excellent sales results. Wake up every morning with a smile on your face, knowing you have a good job so you turn up the volume to your favorite song on the way to work. At this point, why should you think about career management?
Think of your career like an investment portfolio. Something that needs to be actively managed or it could manage you. Below are some tips to make sure you stay on track and are always moving in the right direction.
Look at the Big Picture. Where do you see yourself in 3-5 years? Ask yourself this popular interview question. Think about where you expect to be, where you’d like to be and even where you dream of being. Write it down. Maybe you are a manager and would like to move into a more strategic leadership role. Maybe you’d just like to focus on training and development. What are you doing to get there?
Make a Plan. Obviously, you need to do well in your current role so that’s a given. Salespeople that get results are often rewarded with promotions. Think about at least 2-3 key responsibilities of the position you’d like to hold someday and how you can start to incorporate them into your current situation. If you would like to move into a training role, think about someone to mentor at work. Can you help other teammates solve a problem or increase sales

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.989078
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Friend Requests' started by NumbLock, Jun 3, 2010.
I thought I saw a post on this already. If someone can give a link, I would appreciate it.
In any case, I'm looking for friends in We Rule.
Just added you my name is the same as here.
Hi again! My daughter doesn't read the forums but wanted me to post asking to add her, so she can work on getting achievements. Her name is amhall4.
Is this the one where you have to basically pay to level up? I thought I saw reviews where you couldn't really play the game without paying for in game food or something.
I haven't paid anything yet, but I see you could go faster with money.
Thanks for the friends, everyone!
You don't have to pay anything, ever if you don't want to. But if you buy mojo in the game, you'll be able to level up quicker. It's quite playable though, without any spending.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.831896
Retrieved Text: From carjacking to shoplifting, theft can be an incredibly serious offense. If you or someone you love is in a situation where they have been arrested for theft, it’s important to hire a bail bonds company you can trust. At Indiana Bail Bonds, we offer bail for theft charges in Avon and Indianapolis, IN that are reliable and quick. We know how stressful these types of circumstances can be, so we want to make the process easier and faster by offering our professional bail services. Our supportive and experienced bail bond agents are there for you every step of the way, answering questions and offering a kind word of encouragement. When you need help fast, call us at 317-423-9300. We are open 24/7, so we will be there when you need us most.
When You Need Bail for Theft Charges, Call Indiana Bail Bonds Today for Fast and Reliable Bail Services.
In the state of Indiana, theft can be classified as either a misdemeanor or a felony. In regards to misdemeanor theft in Indiana, we charge a person with a Class A misdemeanor. Typically, with a Class A misdemeanor, an individual will not be charged with theft but instead will be charged with criminal conversion. A Class A misdemeanor is when someone takes someone else’s property without their knowledge. The penalty for a Class A misdemeanor in Indiana is up to 1 year in jail and a maximum fine of $5,000.
There are two types of felonies someone can be charged with, a Level 6 and Level 5 felony.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.804334
Retrieved Text: Gello wrote: You can already do this already, actually. :D In the search box enter speed>330, or speed<357, or speed=331-340, etc. You can do this with health, power and levels also. level=25, level=12-17; health>1800; power>350, etc.
Can someone still find this from the Pet Journal? Because I can't at least, but in the Wowhead comments someone reported seeing it 9 days ago... Possibly removed?
Mastr wrote: I wish they would think them through before they go live and not months after.
Topic: PVP Prestige Farming finished?
Re: PVP Prestige Farming finished?
What the topic says, if you have extra one laying around and you need to get certain pet(s), please drop a message here so we can possibly set something up.
Topic: More PvP Prestige pets!!!
Re: More PvP Prestige pets!!!
10 Brutallus kills and no pet, sigh.
Wetsand wrote: Heya, i ll do this, add me, Wetsand#2295.
Please post here if you are interested and we'll set up when and where.
I really hate Sully. The current tactic it's so unreliable it hurts. :/ Bad RNG with either Sully or Rikki effectively ruins the try for sure.
EDIT: Actually, Socks can kill your frog even without crits. Just enough Claws instead of Infected Claws and the toad is toast before Socks is.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.707086
Retrieved Text: Level I Education, Level II Education and Level II Therapy – what is it and where do I go?
Level I Education consists of 12 hours of DUI education over a minimum 3-day period, and not more than 4 hours can be conducted in one calendar day. Typically conducted in a group or class. Level I Education is not appropriate for someone who has had more than one impaired driving offense, or one offense with a high BAC or refusal.
Level II Education consists of 24 hours of DUI education over 12 weeks. Typically conducted in a group setting, class size is limited to not more than 12 regularly attending. Level II Education can be recommended by itself, or may be followed by Level II Therapy.
Track D, 86 hours over 43 weeks, usually for someone with a prior DWAI/DUI, and a BAC of .15 or above or refusal.
Track D, 86 hours over 43 weeks, usually for someone with a prior DWAI/DUI, and a BAC of .17 or above.
The website for ALL CDHS State Certified Substance Abuse Providers can be found at the Colorado Department of Human Services Website.
When may therapy not be required ?
Please call our office to assist you on this matter.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.68006
Retrieved Text: I'm horrible at comparing myself to others. Having to constantly tell myself it's not a contest. And it doesn't completely succeed. The specific score I got isn't that important here, just that it's not nearly as high as some others. I'm not really going to get into how I compare my skills and accomplishments here and now. I know I've said to other people multiple times that in a hospital, you don't treat minor wounds before the most serious ones. You don't even treat things like little paper cuts. Break a leg and you get special care. Get a paper cut and you put a band-aid on it and get over it.
means that I should just keep a stiff upper lip and bear through things completely on my own and remember I mean nothing. I feel like a paper cut trying to get into the ER next to someone with a concussion.
I feel like a paper cut trying to get into the ER next to someone with a concussion.
I totally understand this feeling. I have had times where this described exactly how I felt but I couldn't even put it into words like you just did.
One thing I wanted to say/point out/bring up... it's not only how severe the symptoms are when it comes to mental illness, it's also how they affect our daily lives. Two people can have the same level of depression, but one has a much lower functioning. Or someone who is suicidal could be functioning, getting to appts, eating, etc while someone

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.660766
Retrieved Text: Hanging pictures that are perfectly level can be a challenge. Black & Decker has produced a picture hanging level that makes this job quicker and easier than other picture hanging methods. It also gives you better accuracy with hanging your pictures level. Follow these steps to use the Black & Decker AccuMark Picture Hanging Level.
Place the Black & Decker AccuMark Picture Hanging Level on the back of the picture you wish to hang. Locate the tabs that are on the back of the picture that are used to hang the picture. The rubber grips will keep it from sliding.
Move each adjustable marker on the picture hanging level to match the hanging tabs on the back of the picture. Line each adjustable marker up perfectly with the tabs.
Hold the Black & Decker AccuMark Picture Hanging Level up to the wall where you wish to hang the picture. Because the level has rubber grips on the back, you can actually hold the level with one hand, and it should not slip. You simply need to apply a small amount of pressure. The rubber grips should hold the level in place and not leave any marks on the wall.
Use a pencil to make marks on the wall where you have set each adjustable marker. You can make the mark with one hand while you are holding the level with the other hand. The level is very lightweight and easy to handle.
Install picture hangers at the places where you have made the marks on the wall. You may use nails,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.527802
Retrieved Text: This is the year I seriously move towards developing a production line and begin wholesale sales in volume. Consignment works for one-of-a-kind artwork where the margins are sufficient to absorb the 50% markup at representing galleries. It does NOT, however, work on smaller work where the margins are slim and the price points are low but demand is reasonably high.
The solution is to create a production product that can be made fairly cost and time efficiently and wholesale then to retailers at some level of volume. With volume and payment up front, you stand to make some level of profit. I am also hoping that I can eventually train someone to do the assembly work to free up time to create the individualized and complex artwork. I believe this combination is the key to making a living at art.
To that end, welcome to my production prototypes. These are clearly in development, but hopefully within a few weeks I will be ready to test them in the wholesale arena. Wish me luck and stay tuned as I chronologize my journey into American Capitalism.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.496703
Retrieved Text: Haley talks about how to find an adoption-competent therapist. She gives you five questions to ask and multiple tips for finding that perfect fit.
A psychologist is someone who usually has a doctoral level degree, in some provinces they may only be required to have a masters level degree.
A therapist would most often have a masters level degree likely either in social work, marriage and family therapy, or similar.
The terms psychiatrist, psychologist and therapist are the ones that are most often protected, and can only be used by people who are a part of their respective professional associations.
You can ask around to friends and family, they may have someone that has really helped them. I think referrals are helpful, and all of these providers will keep your info in strict confidence, that’s standard of course.
www.psychologytoday.com has this great service called Find a Therapist where you can go in, put in your city or postal code, zip code… and narrow down based on insurance coverage, issues that they specialize in; And even if you are in a really tiny town - there are therapists that do video work/ You can actually meet with them via Skype or a secure video alternative for your sessions. Don’t let that hold you back.
Your training and experience / license information, what styles of treatment do you specialize in?
Have you worked with adult adoptees before or any other member of the triad? Have you heard of the primal wound or the phrase “out of the fog”?
Are there any issues that you see as

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.485527
Retrieved Text: The focus of this writing is the “give-ups” that one must be willing to let go of in order to shift from one state to the next. You could say that these give-ups are the cost of admission or toll to higher states of consciousness.
The lowest state (bottom in our diagram above) is that of the victim, where life happens to you and you don’t think you have any power. To shift from this level to Level #2 where you think you have total control of your life you must give up blame, a frequent complaint of the victim who makes everything he doesn’t want in his life to be someone else’s fault.
Even though you have now given up blame and have graduated to Level #2, you still reside “below the line”* where the bottom two states are fear-motivated and ego-driven. Whether you think you have no control whatsoever or total control both states are different sides of the same coin.
In the lower state, the ego says you have no power, that everybody has more power than you do. In Level #2 your ego tells you that you have total control, total power. Both states are ego-driven and mistrust prevails in both.
To graduate to Level #3 and rise “above the line,” you must give up control, commonly referred to as “turning life over to a power greater than yourself.” In this state, you experience life as happening through you, feeling a partnership with a higher power, an alignment with Divine order. This is a common experience

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.480192
Retrieved Text: How do I train my dog with a dog training collar?
There are many places where people can go to learn to use them. It’s best to consult a trainer but often that’s not possible either because of the expense or because there aren’t any in your area that are familiar with “modern use” of the tool. You don’t want to go to someone who uses the tool improperly. One question to ask a trainer that you’re considering is “How do you find the dog’s working level of stim?” The trainer should start at the lowest level that the dog training collar has and slowly turn it up, as he looks for subtle signs that the dog first feels the stim. Another question to ask is, “Do you consider yourself to be a ‘low level’ user or a ‘high level” user?” If he says there’s not such thing as a “low level stim user” avoid him like the plague. Some trainers work at the level where the dog first feels the stim. That’s who you want to train your dog. Other trainers crank the dial up until the dog screams in pain and then they turn it down one level. Avoid people in the second group at all costs!
There are lists on the Internet where you can get advice on the use of the tool. You should also check the Internet for trainers. If the website looks as if the trainer is trying hard to sell you something avoid that trainer. If the website supplies lots of

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.479652
Retrieved Text: Unlock more great benefits: Gold Level Access at $4.99/month or VIP Level Access at $19.99/month.
View the description for both levels below, and select your access level.
Two ways to unlock more from the FYF4Good website, become a Gold Access or VIP Access subscriber today!
Support & Accountability is key! VIP Access pays for itself on day one. You have access to talk to someone live weekly. Our Video Library is a wealth of knowledge! Discounts on Products & Events! Recipes and so much more! This will set you up for success. You are not alone! As a Lifestyle for a Lifetime, this kind of support will drive this knowledge to you until it becomes your own. We want you to “Own It”. We want you to become your own guru and know that this Lifestyle represents “Live Long, Happy and Healthy”!
Congratulations! You are on YOUR way! With Gold Access, you will have support 24×7 in our Private Facebook “Buddies” Group where there is always someone to answer your questions. Additionally, you can listen to the recordings in the Support Call Library which is a wealth of information on how your body works, troubleshooting to help you get to your goal and nutritional education that will inspire and explain all the whys!
Support & Accountability is key! Enjoy one month of VIP Access and see what the VIP Access subscription opens up for you– it pays for itself on day one.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.471007
Retrieved Text: How can you tell if someone you love is a hoarder? The quick answer is when clutter starts to interfere with daily life in an unsafe way. Say your mother keeps old newspapers and paper bags for recycling. That’s fine, as long as she periodically gets them where they need to go. But if you drop by one day and find a big pile of paper leaning on a space heater where it’s now a fire hazard, that’s a red flag. It may be an early symptom of hoarding.
Hoarding is an official protected mental disorder, a compulsive urge to acquire things and the inability to get rid of them. And it can worsen. “Without intercession mild hoarding becomes more severe; it’s just a matter of time,” says clinical psychologist Suzanne Chabaud, PhD, who wrote the foreword to my book, The Secret Lives of Hoarders: True Stories of Tackling Extreme Clutter.
My “5 Levels of Hoarding” take into consideration both the person and their stuff. It’s not a tool used by mental-health professionals, but it can help you identify the severity of a loved one’s hoarding problem, a crucial first step if you hope to help them. Here’s a condensed version.
At this point, the resident may not be recognizable as a hoarder. The problem is not the volume of clutter but rather the problematic behavioral patterns—trouble parting with items, habitual shopping, collecting as a hobby—that may be developing.
Subtle clues suggest that someone is losing the ability to control clutter. You’ll see less attention to housekeeping. They start to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.438883
Retrieved Text: Who doesn’t love free leads?
In today’s episode, I’m going to show you three steps to getting FREE leads.
Where to find networking events in your area.
Why online networking can be just as helpful as in-person events.
A powerful question you can ask when you are networking that will open up possible connections.
How to find out what your “Three Uniques” are and what you have to offer.
What to do when you find someone who has leads coming in, but doesn’t know how to close them.
How you can close the leads that other investors might have thrown away.
What’s an acceptable cut of a deal when someone brings you a lead?
This is some high level, super-smart, strategic stuff. And it it WORKS! Give it a try and you’ll have more leads than James Bond has car chases – all for free!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.353393
Retrieved Text: As you play your first character and first “Job” or class following the “Story Quests”, you will do your first dungeon at level 16. At level 15 you are prepared with some tutorials in your home town, in the tavern or inn where you first met someone offering Novice Training. There are NPCs standing there offering Tutorials in Hall of the Novice.
Here is the fellow in the Inn of Gridania. You should do these tutorials as soon as you can. They are interesting, prepare you for your job and give some great gear. The tutorials are offered just before you do your first dungeon so that you are ready for your role as Tank, Healer or DPS.
After that first dungeon at level 17, in Gridania there is a quest NPC giving a quest to enter the Palace of the Dead. You may want to level your first job of your first character using story quests, but PoD comes in handy for your second job since the quests you get every 5 levels won’t be enough to level you up quickly. There are several options to level a second job, but PoD is the best one and the most fun. You can just kill mobs. That will take forever. Levequests aren’t much better. Fates are only a little better, but do get you seals for your Grand Company, which is useful. But to just level your character, you’ll want to do your Once Per Day Duty Roulette and you’ll want to use PoD.
The Palace of the Dead

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.330631
Retrieved Text: If you were seriously injured in a fall that was someone else’s fault, then you should call a lawyer. The Law Office of Jared A. Rose represents injured people in Kansas and Missouri and we may be able to help.
Falls can happen anywhere, including stores, parking lots, buses, and homes. Sometimes accidents just happen and no one is at fault. But if your fall was caused by something preventable, like a slippery store floor, then you may deserve compensation for your injuries.
You deserve to be compensated for your pain, for your medical bills, for any lost wages, and for the impact this fall had on your life. You won’t just be up against the person who owned the store, the parking lot, or the home where you fell – you’ll also be up against their insurance company. The Law Office of Jared A. Rose can help level the playing field for fall victims in Kansas and Missouri. If you’ve been seriously injured and it’s someone else’s fault, please give us a call.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.32521
Retrieved Text: One of the reasons Nigerians are lamenting about the state of the nation is that the forex is very expensive these days. Our correspondent therefore took to the streets of Lagos to ask Nigerians if they think 1 Naira can ever equal 1 Dollar again.
Buhari and Osibanjo, are the biggest scam for telling us they will make N1 = $1. And we believed them like Ponzi.
Please please someone has to explain to the Nigerian masses that Nigeria's bad economy determines the weight of the Naira.
#1=1$ is an imagination,Nigeria av lost dere value.before u expect improvement u know level of efforts u av made.nigeria av gone no where to expect #1=1$ is a mere say if we think it can be possible. Totally impossible.
Whenever someone brings up God you we can just ignore them. God is not going to do anything for anyone. Work hard for yourself and then he may bless you.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.283405
Retrieved Text: 100 Rooms Level 27 was a really difficult one to complete, but eventually I managed to find the solution and I am here to share with you the walkthrough. So in case you got stuck (and you probably did since this is not the easiest level of them all), check out this guide and have fun completing the game!
Go right and tap the tools box. Get small key from there.
Go back and right and tap the red button on the wall. A sound will be heard. Go back and you will see that a secret door has been opened – pick up the disc from there.
Go right and tap the window to pick up a cutter. Go right and pick up the tools from the ground – chainsaw and electric cutter.
Go right and use the cutter on the middle of the wall to reveal the door. In your inventory, use the disc on the electric cutter and use it on the door. You can exit now!
And this is it! The walkthrough for 100 Rooms Level 27 is complete and you can move forward to the last level released in today’s update. Until then, you can check out the walkthrough for level 26 and come soon for the walkthrough for the next level!
Yeah…me too I only see a window and that black space where the puzzle was. I used the cutter and the electric cutter on the door, and nothing happens. Help someone?
Now what was the point to the chainsaw if we didn’t have to use it?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.237802
Retrieved Text: Being up where we are, I don't think we should hire just anyone. Obviously I'm just another person around here but I still think this would be a good idea to get out.
And of course an RP sample to see how good they are.
With how they perform on those questions and what other ones you wish to ask, it will affect their contract, or if they will even be hired at all. Of course, their chracter itself will take effect on that. But by doing this, it can help make sure we don't pick up useless new recruits (Unless of course you want to grab some people to take up useless space).
It is basically a trial and error approach. Most new guys, especially lower level guys get a short contract to see what they can or if they do anything. The guys that have higher levels and fans I will usually sign to a longer term right off the bat because they know what is expected of them in a fed.
Yes that was awhile ago though. I'm not trying to be mean, so I wont say any names, but certian people should really get training in the lower federations before coming up to these big ones. One, their character will do nothing but lose constantly, two, they will only drag us down with their fans/entrances, and have no one to help gain them fans and thus hurt our other players. Three, they seem to have no clue what to do, and being in the level of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.207104
Retrieved Text: Someone got all questions correct at level 6. One term is 6 .
9 hours ago after 37 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 7. One term is 7 .
9 hours ago after 51 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 4. One term is 4 .
9 hours ago after 29 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 8. One term is 8 .
9 hours ago after 46 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 5. One term is 5 .
9 hours ago after 39 seconds of playing.
Someone had a problem at level 4. One term is 4 .
9 hours ago after 25 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 2. One term is 2 .
9 hours ago after 10 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 3. One term is 3 .
9 hours ago after 18 seconds of playing.
Someone got all questions correct at level 1. One term is 1 .
Someone had a problem at level 1. One term is 1 .
9 hours ago after 8 seconds of playing.
Choose one of the two terms and calculate the sums!
Choose a number from the buttons above. This will give you up to ten tasks that you must solve by adding together the two numbers and find the sum. Can you solve all the additions in a level, you will get one knowledge points and the button for that level turns green.
Addition belong to the four basic arithmetic operations and the correct mathematical way of talking

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.203336
Retrieved Text: Okay, so I got into an accident with my 2008 A4 and I paid out of pocket to have it repaired with the exception of the headlight. It would have been an extra $1000+ to replace the headlight, and all that was wrong with it was the oscillation was no longer working (something that is not significant to me especially given the terrain where I live). However, every time I start up the car this annoying light comes on.
I asked the shop where I got it fixed, and they said that Audi could Possibly fix it but the issue is that everytime the car starts up the computer system checks and realizes there is a problem with it. I really dont care about fixing the light, just getting the dash light to go away..... Is it possible to do this without fixing the light? Any suggestions would be most appreciated!
Pretty sure that you need to fix it to solve the problem.
There may be a sensor you can disconnect so the computer doesn't notice (i had to do that with my gas door light), but I have no clue where it might be. Maybe someone else can chime in here.
Anyone know about a sensor/any other way to make this go away...?
From your picture it's looks like to me it's tell you the headlight level sensor of headlight motor is out. I guess you have the xenon light which runs adjustment motor for your headlight like Corning and level control. So there's no way to replace the level

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.173097
Retrieved Text: We all have someone we idealize, someone we blindly follow, someone we try to emulate in front of the mirror in the privacy of our bedrooms. That someone might be a famous actor, rockstar, comedian, director, poet, or even an artist. There’s no fixed criteria as to whom we love, to what degree and to what level of craziness. There simply are certain people who do so exceptionally well in their fields that we just can’t help but admire them and add to their fan following!
Nearify allows you to stalk your favorite celebs with the gusto they deserve. You can choose to “Follow” your idol from amongst the hundreds and thousands of artists listed in the Nearify website/app. Artists belonging to diverse fields and varied aspects of art and culture have been brought together for you to take your pick from. There are rockstars, opera singers, classical maestros, DJs, actors, stand-up comedians, and others you can follow.
Once you follow someone, he/she will be listed under the “Artists” tab in your app. Whatever location you select now, your favorite artists (the ones you are following) will always be there. You can tap on the artist to know whether he/she will be performing there any time soon.
Just follow the celebrity of your choice on Nearify so as to always know where and when they are performing and become the stalker you were meant to be!!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.16957
Retrieved Text: Leadership is a very difficult to define concept. So difficult, in fact, that there are many self-professed ‘gurus’ who have written thousands of books on the subject, and made millions. Each of these has a completely different concept on what leadership is, how someone can become a leader, what personality traits they must have, and more. One thing that they do seem to agree on, however, is that there five levels of leadership, and that leadership is about influencing people.
Leaders are found across all levels of society, from Fortune 500 companies to charitable organizations, and from domestic homes to community groups. Take Infor CEO Charles Phillips and his wife, for instance, who are both true leaders but in very different fields. Regardless of where someone leads, however, they must go through the aforementioned five levels to get to the top. Each of these levels takes longer to navigate through, as well as more commitment and effort.
Position, which is the first level. This means that you may be a leader, but only in name. For instance, you could have been given a managerial role in a certain company. Just because you take up that position does not mean you instantly lead people, however. In fact, it doesn’t even mean that you have the ability to lead.
Permission, which is a huge step up from position. Once at this level, you will notice that others around you allow you to lead them. To be an effective leader, this is absolutely fundamental. If your team is resistant to your influence,

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.16381
Retrieved Text: Hill Charts: see where projects really stand.
A Basecamp exclusive way to track progress.
For years we’ve used Basecamp To-Dos to track our own work here at Basecamp. But for bigger projects with dozens or hundreds of tasks, you need a way to see the bigger picture. Is the project going to be done on time? Are people stuck?
Every piece of work has two phases. First there’s an uphill phase where you figure out your approach. You have a basic idea about the task, but you haven’t figured out what the solution is going to look like or how to solve all the unknowns.
Eventually you reach a point where there aren’t any more unsolved problems. That’s like standing at the top of the hill. You can see clearly all the way down the other side. Then the downhill phase is just about execution.
All of our development projects are made of a set of To-Do Lists. We create a To-Do List for each piece of work that we can make progress on independently.
After adding a few more lists, we click Update on the Hill Chart and drag the dots for those lists into position.
Note how that the status is human generated, not computer generated. This reflects a real person’s feeling of the work at this moment. And because the status is attached to lists instead of individual to-dos, we get a big picture view of all the work.
Every time someone updates the Hill Chart, a new snapshot is saved to the project’s history. This gives managers a ton of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.156694
Retrieved Text: People say that all the time on blood and breath tests. There is a misconception that most people have that if your number is over the limit, over a 0.08, you’re going to be guilty of a DUI or that you were DUI, that you were at or over the limit.
However, the law looks at what was your blood alcohol level at the time of driving. We may have a rising blood alcohol level as a defense, there is a margin of error in both breath testing and blood testing and there are inaccuracies and the mistakes that can be made and all the different defenses regarding things like change of custody, contamination and inaccuracy. There are just so many different things that we can look at and people should not just assume because they are at or over the limit that they are going to be found guilty of a DUI.
There many different ways to try and fight these cases. Anybody who does not fight or does not get an excellent DUI defense attorney has no chance of winning. This is something that is too important and most people feel that way because of all the penalties that come along with the DUI and not just the financial and having you do classes and insurance going up but for issues like credit, employment, and travel.
You really want to try and fight these cases. A blood case is something that can be fought and the way to fight it is to hire an attorney who knows

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.145172
Retrieved Text: Promotions and Coupons - All Air Appliance Masters, Inc.
Spring Promotion. Click here for your printable coupon.
Provide us a written estimate by one of our competitors and allow us to beat it! We will review where we can help save you money and offer our "old fashion customer service" to go along. You will not be disappointed in what All Air Maters can offer to you!
US Military - All Air Masters thanks you for your service.
We support our US Military and to show our appreciation, you will receive discounts on your services.
We gladly offer several discounts for all senior citizens. At the time you book your appointment, mention the "senior Citizen Discount" and we will be sure to add it into our paper work so you can the up this wonderful opportunity.
This is the program that has been getting everyones attention! Remember this the next time someone says "My air conditioner ac is broken". We will help you and your friends with great savings!
Level One - Refer someone you know to All Air Masters and if they use us for any air conditioning, heating, or appliance service or repair you receive $25! Wait there is more, your referral will also receive $25 off of their service!
Level Two - Refer someone you know to All Air Masters and if they purchase a new AC Air Conditioning and/or heating system, you will receive $100! And your referral will received a $100 discount off their new equipment purchase!
**Discount and Promotional Disclaimer: Discounts/Savings/Sales/Promotions cannot be combined and will need approval by

================



======= Instance Index 9273 =========
Input Text: Where would you put a light?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- ocean
- desk
- universe
- attic
- chair

Target Text: desk

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.37909
Retrieved Text: Can LED light bulbs be used in any light fixture?
This question might seem to be a simple one, but it can get a little complicated. For most regular standard light bulbs that you might be replacing with LED, then most of the time they could be used in any light fixture that you have. This would be any kind of light fixture that's on and off only and as long as you stay below the wattage limits of that fixture that's on the label. Those are set by the manufacturer for your safety because of heat issues and that used to be more of a problem with incandescent. But because LED light bulbs are so low in heat, they almost always qualify to be put in any light fixture that you may have. Now all that being said, there are instances where you can't use them or maybe you need to make some adjustments. If you have a dimmer on any of the light fixtures that you have, you not only have to make sure that the bulb can be dimmed but also that it is dimmed with the correct type of dimmer. That's usually an LED dimmer and those a readily available today. What you don't want to have happen is if you get into a situation where you undervoltage the lamp itself and that can cause some problems. And it's a completely different story if you're talking about replacing fluorescent lamps with LED. In that case you have to make sure that you take

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.1123705
Retrieved Text: When it comes down to it, choosing windows is the easy part – it is choosing the placement of the windows that is the hard part. If you are currently in the exciting, but also daunting, situation of remodeling your home or building a home from scratch, you may by faced with this quandary. You may want to put a window against one wall, but realize that the sun is just too powerful. Moreover, you may have built your home to look out at an amazing view, but you may have to get creative when it comes to placing windows that makes looking at the view an enjoyable daily experience. Here are the top five tips for planning window placement in your home.
Imagine if your home had no windows at all. When you are purchasing windows – from a company like The Window Source of The Mid-South - you want to be careful where to place them; you can’t just pick a spot and then build a frame. One of the best ways to visualize the place to install windows is to imagine what your home would look like with no windows at all – where would the most ideal place for windows be? This little exercise will help out a lot when deciding on placement.
Place for the view, but not the view alone. When you are placing windows, you want to think about the view. However, the view shouldn’t be the only factor. If you let the view dictate where you put windows, you could

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.997914
Retrieved Text: The other day I was doing a promo for my wife and the plan was to shoot with her sitting on the floor in front of our fireplace. I set up my little light kit using a soft box for the key. I was then going to jib down to her playing her Hang, at which point she would begin to talk. Well it sounded good but all the woodwork of the fireplace is glossy which created a huge reflection that was quite annoying in the jib shot and wasn't much better for the static shot either. I tried moving the lights but due to space restrictions and the shot I wanted nothing worked - except moving the shot to another location in the house.
Is there anything I could have done to make this work? Since there are so many talented people here I thought maybe some one could have a solution that I could reflect upon.
I didn't even shoot one frame because it was that bad, so I can't post an example of the reflection but I'm sure you guys have had this problem before.
I think there's a dulling spray you'd use if you were on a set, but don't know if it would permanently screw up your woodwork. Seem to recall seeing this done.
I bet Charles can tell us for sure.
Welcome to the fun of production.
I've heard lemon pledge works. dunno if it's true.
Well, you could have tried using a polariser, as reflections from a surface such as that would definately have been killed.
The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.83523
Retrieved Text: RECON offers their LED Amber Running Lights in two sizes, 49" for smaller trucks, and 60" for full size trucks. These light bars are universal, simply measure the length of the area where you would like to put the bar and make sure you have 48" or 60" of length. All RECON Amber Running Light Bars are 50 state street legal.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.793065
Retrieved Text: If there’s one room that most of us enjoy spending time in, it’s our bedrooms. Aside from the fact that it’s the place where we sleep and spend intimate times with our loved one, it’s also the place where we tend to do a lot of reading and television-watching too. Plus, it’s usually the place where we see the sun’s rays shining as we wake up each morning. So, if there’s one room that needs sufficient lighting, it would be your bedroom.
Paint your walls a color that reflects light. If the walls in your bedroom are a darker hue, that means that they are absorbing light rather than reflecting it. Something that you can do to change this is to paint your walls another color. Aside from white, you can paint your walls a shade of yellow or you can even go with a pastel hue. However, it’s important to keep in mind that different paint finishes will affect how different colors appear. A gloss finish adds depth and reflects color but can also change the color’s perception while flat finishes bounces light a lot less.
Change your window treatments. If you have heavy drapes on your windows, that’s definitely going to prevent your bedroom from getting all of the light that it needs. So, consider changing your window treatments by putting up lace curtains, sheer Roman shades or light-colored blinds.
Use the right kind of light bulbs. Although you can depend on natural light in the day, when you need to turn on your light switch or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.6710825
Retrieved Text: Okay, so I tried out a new parking spot to put my slid-out out last night. I went a bit further down the block that I park along to a stretch where it gets a bit wider.
This is where the big rigs park and so I parked behind them and decided to chance it. I was even under a street light (across the street), so you would clearly see me all night.
I put my slide-out out and measured the distance between it and where the gravel ends. This was what I used to determine the beginning of the roadway. It was at least two feet, so I figured, I would be okay. All evening as I puttered around in Wanda, things were fine and nobody complained.
I had the idea to buy reflector tape and put it on either edge of the slide out. That way, when it is deployed, it will reflect some red light back at you, and you know it is there, yet when pulled back in, you don’t see it.
This morning I got up and puttered around, enjoying the extra space but I got a few honks, so with a grumble I pulled my slide-out in and continued with my morning. Back to shoving my table back and forth I went.
This morning I enjoyed not walking to work towing Ace in his wheely-basket. All I had in my hand was my lunch.
I will try some other place tomorrow night. This is part of the fun, constantly finding ways to improve what I do.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.666326
Retrieved Text: Ever feel like life would be better with a bag over your head?
Just not do anything… not think about all the horrible things that are going on in your world. Just put the bag over your head. Maybe they’ll disappear, maybe they’ll go somewhere.
There’s a bunch of people you can blame for all the bad things that are happening in your life. It’s easier with a bag over your head.
Sometimes when you put the bag over your head, and you just sit there, you realize that it’s hard to breathe in a bag. It’s hard to see daylight in a bag and you like daylight.
What happens if you peek out from under the bag?
Ah, there you are, you know? Sometimes, it’s okay to put a bag over your head and just check out from everything, everyone in the world. But set a time limit on that checking out.
I know the hardest thing to understand is that you are the one that’s responsible for all the choices. You decided to put the bag on your head, you decided to create the things that don’t seem quite so much fun. ‘Til then you get angry with yourself for deciding to do that and it’s like, “What were you thinking?” Well, you were thinking about in enlightenment, that sometimes we get the opportunity to go in opposition of something, so we can then come out and see where we might be.
This is where I am today, debating.
Do I put the bag back on my head, or do I make

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.665395
Retrieved Text: It’s been awhile since I had Jacq in front of the camera. Last time we had a shoot together was god-knows-when, so when schedules aligned, we just had to shoot. Worked up the usual single-light source setups, and toyed around with the clean white background again, but this time using harsher lighting for the main light. I got the idea from the Trainspotting movie posters. Simple harshly-lit black and whites, but keeping texture on the image by preserving the mid tones.
To get that evenly clean background, it was a combination of using a paper background, and a white acrylic sheet. I over exposed by 1.5 stops on the paper, but kept Jacq at a distance so that the bouncing lighting wouldn’t cause any accidental rim highlights. I used the acrylic sheet as a flooring, which then bounced the light from the background. Since the sheet had a glossy sheen, it somewhat acting like a dull mirror, giving a clean white floor. It also provided a nice shadow profile as well… quite a chore to do in post production if you are looking for such effect.
That same principle also applies to any light you put on the model. For sure there would always be fall-out light that would hit the background. How far the model and light is against the background, affects how well the background is lit. With the gray background set, I was still using a single light source. How dark or light gray the background becomes is determined by the distance I put Jacq

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.534031
Retrieved Text: Having so much fun with this light painting, using Valentines as a great excuse! My husband is asking me every night now – “so, are we light painting tonight??” He loves helping me with the whole set up. And yes this is a self-portrait as I pushed the shutter button on a 10 second delay, with a 30 second shutterspeed, and drew the letters with a clear LED light, and then the heart with a red LED glow stick.
That’s a great photo. Very creative, yet simple at the same time. I haven’t tried light painting yet, but after seeing this photo, I think I might have to try it out some time. Any additional pointers?
After I was finished with all the set up . . . I dressed in black and turned all the lights out so I was in total darkness. Camera on tripod, 10 second delay so I could get in to place, 30 second shutterspeed. ISO 100, and f11. I put my hand in front of the light to block it every time I was ready to draw a new letter. I drew the letters and word backwards so it comes out right in the photo. I’m just figuring out to manipulate these parameters. Oh – and I set a object (in this case another tripod) right where I would be standing, auto focused, then put my camera on manual focus. I used colored electric glow sticks that I found at WalMart but you can get as creative as you want with any

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.511997
Retrieved Text: This is the “Wash Lamp,” as designed by Alex Kovatchev. Can you guess by just peeking at the first image here what it’s made out of? That’s right! it’s the drum from a washing machine! That part, you know, where you put all the clothing in? That’s a big barrel with holes in it. And where the water goes in and out when there’s washing, now light moves to and fro in the free world! And the best part is, there’s three different lamps here, all made of recycled stuff.
Or do you like the term “up-cycled?” Here we’ve got a pendant lamp, an ottoman (my favorite,) and a wall light. These are fantastic and would be at home anywhere from the flea market to the high-end furniture store. You betcha. Excellent idea, excellent execution. Light on!
I love the fact that these are recycled and they look good.
Will this be sold at Yanko? I’d love to have one!
Nice, but the idea is not new. There’s a pub in cologne called ‘Waschsalon’. It has this kind of lamps for a couple of years.
This product is amazing, i like how is made from recycled products, how much would it be selling for?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.502594
Retrieved Text: Want us to alert you to timely items about holidays and special observances that you can put to immediate use in your classroom?
Join our Holidays Hot List!
Click here to join our Holidays Hot List!
October 21, 1879 Thomas Edison first used the carbonized thread that would allow him to develop the first practical light bulb, presenting a teachable moment for the consideration of Thomas Edison, the incandescent light bulb, and the history of technology.
Strategies: 1. Focus on Thomas Edison, his life and his inventions.
2. Focus on the development of the light bulb, and its impact on modern society.
3. Focus on the process of invention, and inventions that have changed our world.
Who was Thomas Edison, and who else contributed to the invention of the light bulb?
What problems had to be solved to create the first light bulb?
When did Edison live, and when did he invent the light bulb?
Where was Edison born, and where did Edison do his work?
Why did Edison develop the light bulb, and why was this such an important invention?
How did Edison go about inventing the light bulb, and how long did it take him?
2. What else did Edison invent?
3. How is Edison's original light bulb different from the light bulbs used today?
4. What problem solving skills did Edison have to use to invent the light bulb?
5. Why was the light bulb invented when it was? What other recent events had made it possible to now invent the light bulb?
Activities: 1. Imagine a world that existed prior to the light bulb, and then make a list

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.465482
Retrieved Text: I need the plastic base the light bulb slips into. Mine became brittle and broke. I need one to. Where can I find one?
how do you change batteries on this flashlight?
I also need a couple of bulbs for this flashlight. Anybody help?
I still have this flashlight and it needs a replacement bulb. Would someone out there help me locate the part. thanks.
How do you change the batteries on this flashlight?
carried a mini-mag at work for years, still on original bulb. Light is still in excellent condition but I would like to add colored lens's. Are any clip-ons available, or regular replacement type colored lenses? If so, where can I get them?
I changed batteries,put in new bulb, and light will not turn off until I unscrew base. do you have any answer?
How do you change the bulb in the mag flashlight? I can't get it to unscrew or pull out. I have the replacement bulb, but there are no directionson on the pakcage that tell how to do it.
I have this flashlight but I need two spare bulbs so send batteries with order.
Have a 2D cell flashlight. where can i obtain a bulb retainer?
I need the plastic base the light bulb slips into. Mine became brittle and broke. Where can I find one?
how do change the bulb ????????
If there are old batteries inside, they may have leaked and caused the problem removing the tailcap. If you have a bench vise, you can try putting it in that and see if you can remove it that way.
how do

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.425629
Retrieved Text: The recent Amazon Prime Day had some interesting geeky offerings. One of them was the Philips Hue Light Starter Kit that comes with a Hue Light Bridge and three white and color Hue Light bulbs. The regular list price for the kit is around $199, and it was on offer for about $120.
I had posted these “futuristic” thoughts a while ago. But looking at this NY Times article about Google cars that drive themselves, it appears that the future is here.
While writing posts for the article The Car That Drives Itself, I have been wondering about all possible reactions to a topic like this. Then I realized that this is a great example to illustrate the idea of Edward de Bono’s Six Hats.
This post is an article that lists the collection of posts on this topic written so far in this blog.
How Would You Put Your Car On Auto-Pilot?
This is a continuation from the post Cars On Auto-Pilot.
Set destination information on GPS. Start driving to the nearest auto-pilot enabled freeway. Autopilot enabled freeway has multiple lanes. The rightmost lane, from where you enter or exit is Lane 0. Lane 0 – Manual control when you enter, . . . → Read More: How Would You Put Your Car On Auto-Pilot?
If you found my earlier post Catch Up On Your Sleep While Driving interesting, then this one is for you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.405661
Retrieved Text: Works great for hobbies !
At first I thought it wasn't going to be sturdy enough , but I was wrong ! Works great for all my beading projects ! Love it !
Yes, I would buy again!
I use this lamp close to my chair for sewing, reading, etc, very handy with no cord.
This product is so convenient to use any place you need extra light without having to worry about having an outlet to plug it in.
my husband uses this by his chair when he does his wood carving. he loves it.
i love this product. quality was great.
I was impressed with the light intensity.
I use this lamp as an added light at my table when working a jigsaw puzzle.
I use this lamp as a portable light source while working on craft projects. It is very handy as it is powerful light that is not limited due to lack of power outlets in the areas of use.
This lamp is great for reading and can be moved around with ease. It is also great if your lights are out during storms.
Lamp gives a comfortable dose of light for a large room in case of power outage. So nice to have when repairing something small on the coffee table or just having brightness close up, hands free, while in your lazy chair and needing extra light for a small task.
I wanted a battery-operated, small light over my puzzle table so not to have to move cords around. This works great, including focusing on smaller areas where you are working!
Bought this

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.383779
Retrieved Text: Compact 2' length is ideal for smaller spaces—linkable design lets you chain several lights together on one outlet.
This 2,000-Lumen 2' LED Shop Light is ultra-bright, long-lasting, and incredibly energy efficient. It makes an ideal lighting solution for shops, garages, laundry rooms and other work areas where task lighting is crucial. It's also an excellent upgrade for those expensive and fragile fluorescent tubes that flicker and fail all too quickly. Thanks to an LED life of 50,000 hours, the light can be left on for eight hours a day for over 17 years. No hum and no mercury for a safer, more environmentally-friendly lighting solution. Bright white light is very easy on the eyes, and comes to full-brightness the moment you turn it on, even in cold weather.
I needed a bright light for my electronics work bench. Not only is this just what I needed, but this was much cheaper than other sites. Fast shipping too!
great light really glad i bought it will be getting a 4ft one soon, great light for when i do my carving.
I bought two of these to go over my work benches and they are great for that purpose. Just don't expect the light of a 4ft led light.
These are such a massive upgrade from my old 48" lights. Easily twice as bright.
Good price for led lights. Put two together for a 4 ft. light or separate for lighting two spaces.
LED shop lights only way to go, bright white light covers more area.
I bought 2 of the 4 ft ones and liked

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.377395
Retrieved Text: The candle that lights our life, or the candle that burns it out, or is it our life that is the candle? Shakespeare surely meant one of these things, or maybe all of them. The candle that lights the way of life from its own life as it burns parts of it until it is utterly spent and everything goes in the dark; this really sounds like life, does it not?
Why would it be an idiot’s tale then? Why would it be a poor player like Mr. Shakespeare put it? If it is this image of giving that never ends until it ends, why should it be so stupid and awkward? I would have disagreed with Mr. Shakespeare if I hadn’t seen what he meant. When we change our life into this bragging arrogant Narcissus to end on the bank of a lake so lonely, so wasted, Or to turn it into mighty brave Achilles to be spent in war with the notion of peace having been vanished in the air of endless and useless conflicts, only then our life would be this poor player and that idiot’s tale we make seeking that fake glory.
All that matters is how we choose to spend this light and burn this candle for some very small candles, which did not last long, are still lighting everywhere after having been gone for a long time. It matters not if the candle lasts for long or not, if it burns so brightly and strongly or if it has but a simple

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.3600855
Retrieved Text: 9,10 "But He said to me, ‘My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.’ Therefore I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may rest upon me. For the sake of Christ, then, I am content with weaknesses, insults, hardships, persecutions, and calamities. For when I am weak, then I am strong."
What a concept to think of in light of athletics! In volleyball, my weakness is defense, so I would never expect my coach to put me in the back row.
No good coach would put the kicker in the quarterback position, or the center in the point guard position. But that is where our God has bigger plans and displays His power in a different way than a coach would.
When we are put in a place where we are weak, we have the opportunity to see God work. When we are at our weakest, then we can be strong. But that strength is not because of us, it is because of our God.
When I am in a job, a position in a game, or when I have a thorn in my side like Paul, it reminds me of my humanity, that I have to depend on God for my strength. I have to depend on Him to play defense, to get my job done, to push through the pain of the thorn in my side.
I have to depend on God and trust that He has the results in His hands.
Athlete, I would

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.30767
Retrieved Text: Why did the people in the crowd hear the voice differently?
Even after Jesus had performed so many _______________ in their presence, they still would not believe in him. This was to fulfill the word of _______________ the prophet.
Yet at the same time many even among the leaders believed in him. But because of the _______________ they would not openly acknowledge their faith for fear they would be put out of the _______________.
“Whoever believes in me does not believe in me only, but in the __________________.
Re-read verse 35. Write about a time you walked in the dark. Tell how you ‘did not know where you were going’.
Still looking at the same verse, were you able to come through and begin walking in the light? If so, how did that change you and your situation? If not, what might you have done differently or what might have happened differently in order to experience the light?
Download the PDF version of Day 21.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.211322
Retrieved Text: Well, they all are mobile documentary photographers of people who classically used almost exclusively a single camera with a fixed 35mm lens. They all work very close to their subjects, because they have gained their trust. They do not direct or pose their subjects; the moments that they capture are natural and flowing. They essentially don’t have the option to bring in additional light to “punch up” the scene, so natural light is their only option. What are they doing to create such powerful photos when they have such minimal control over their situations?
Go to where the subject is.
Get them to accept you so that you become invisible in plain sight.
If you find great light in the area, go to where the light is and wait for the subject to interact with the light as if the light is its own subject.
Did you catch that last part? Find great light, even if there isn’t a subject there yet, and wait. Be patient! Most of us are in a terrible hurry to get in, get something usable, and get to our next photo opportunity. Stop that nonsense and slow down.
It is interesting how we as photographers who are technically “writers of light” rarely become “hunters of light” or cacciatore di luce. Sorry, but I think that everything sounds cooler in Italian. Anyhow, we by default seem to seek out physical subjects without much concern for how they're lit. That’s almost backwards.
Find the light first and then let it dictate the subject. This will create a whole range

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.204026
Retrieved Text: My son has a sudden interest in igloos. I have no idea where it came from, but he asks me every day - "Mommy, what's an igloo?" - every day. Its kind of become a running joke between the two of us, because he knows what one is, I put the question back on him, he pretends he doesn't know, I say its a bunch of silly things that its not, and he thinks its hilarious. The plan was to go to the public library and get books on igloos, but when I mentioned building one, he was so excited that we had to do it right away. I have some perfectly square ice cube trays that I bought from Amazon - perfect.
"Mommy, can we smash them now?" He was really excited about smashing them after building his igloo.
He asked if we could make some colored blocks.....so we did. These looked really cool on the light panel!
"Look, Mommy, you can write with these. I made a track. Its sliding across the light panel. Cool!"
That's the samurai hairstyle. I used to do that to Bobo's hair.
your son might also be interested in the quinzhee (there are multiples spellings) which is a fort built in a pile of snow. Easier to build than an igloo and he'll sound like a northerner!
Hi I am your avid fan from Singapore : ) Would like to know when you put sand/ice cubes etc on your light box, do you put a barrier in-between? I am worried about causing scratches/damage to my

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.185015
Retrieved Text: One of the most amazing truths in Scripture is that we—you—are the light of the world. Knowing the thoughts you sometimes have, the words you sometimes speak, and the actions you sometimes take, isn’t that a bit shocking? It’s true, though. You are the light of the world. Jesus isn’t speaking of the cleaned-up version of you. He’s speaking of you; you right now. Once you’ve put your faith in Jesus Christ, you are given the gift of the Holy Spirit. And the Spirit gives you all you need to act with kindness, serve those in need, speak truth with grace, and extend forgiveness. Do these things, Jesus says, and others will come to know and glorify God.
Reflect on the places you go during a typical week. Where is there darkness and despair? What would it look like (consider a few tangible things you could do) for you to be light in those places?
What are the things that get in the way of you reaching out to do good in the places of darkness and despair in the world?
What is God asking you to do this week to be a light in the darkness?
God, give me eyes to see the world through Your eyes. Give me ears to hear where You’re leading me. And may I be a light in this dark world today. Amen.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.148863
Retrieved Text: Have Fun inside improving while winter is here.
A little shelf here, a big shelf there. You’d be surprised where they can fit.
Finally, you get to take that beach vacation in the dead of winter. But where is your beach towel?!? You know it’s somewhere in that linen closet, but (sigh) it’s so crammed you can’t find it.
One of these days, you’re going to have to figure out how to get more storage space so you can find this seasonal stuff faster. But the last thing you want to do is go out and buy more stuff to put more stuff in.
There’s a better way — shelves. Not the bookshelf kind (they only take up floor space), but shelves you can incorporate into your home’s architecture for an interesting, personalized look that also solves nagging storage issues.
Seems like your bathroom can never have enough storage, especially for that recurring avalanche of towels in your itty-bitty linen closet. But if your ceiling is high enough, you’ve got enough space to tuck those extra towels you only need for overnight guests.
Opt for larger items that are easy to see and grab, such as towels, bedding, or bath tissue. “If this were filled with tiny boxes or soaps, it would look like you needed more storage and had to start building down from the rafters to hold stuff,” says Lorraine Bohonos, professional organizer and owner of HomeFree, in Rochester, N.Y. says. Plus, it’s impractical to store tiny things up high where you can’t see them.
Gasp! Who would put shelves in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.120899
Retrieved Text: Candles. I love them. Pretty, mood setting, soft and I look good in candle light. If I could have candle light every where I go that would be awesome. A unicorn wouldn't be bad either. No, all right. Well so when I can have candle light I do. Dinner, parties, random days that it is so gray here in Seattle that I can use candle light. Pretty much all the time. So obviously I like pretty candle holders. The last year or so I have been really into mercury glass. When you put a candle into this silvery, shiny, translusent glass it gives off a glow that is so pretty and welcoming that I have had to stop myself from buying too many! If you want to add a dash of elegence to your party I highly reccommend getting a few for your house. Take a look for yourself and try not to covet mine to much. They aren't leaving my house!!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.112235
Retrieved Text: Hi everyone...when I took my course, one of the instructors said that when you have stopped at an intersection and you then proceed to go through the intersection or you had to slow down into first gear and then proceed was to just keep it in first and get through the intersection and then proceed to shift gears as needed. His reasoning was that anything can happen and you want to be in first should you need to immediately stop and move again, etc. It is something I have been doing, but my bike is screaming to be put in second. Of course if I am cruising in 3rd gear and it is a green light, I am just alert of all the potential scenarios, but I don't gear down.
Do you follow this way in intersections? Just curious and would love to hear from others.
I agree that if I come to a red light & stop, I always kick it down to first and keep it in first waiting for the green. However, if I am traveling through a green (never having to stop for a red), I use the lowest gear necessary to prevent the engine scream, yet assure me of instant power in case I need it to get out of danger. If I try to downshift to first, I would be an accident waiting to happen, since I would now be interfering with the speed and flow of traffic through the light. First will not allow me sufficient speed to get through the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.08415
Retrieved Text: An Island of Light In a Sea of Darkness - #8063 | Ron Hutchcraft Ministries, Inc.
One Christmas season I saw what might have been the most impressive Christmas decorations I've ever seen. Oh, they weren't in midtown Manhattan or one of the many special displays I've seen over the years. They were in a little village on an Indian reservation in the Southwest. This particular tribe is one of the most spiritually unreached in this country. They're pretty isolated and they are a long way from anything else. When I drove through this reservation on a night one Christmas season, I was struck by the absence of hardly any Christmas lights or decorations. It was just dark! Until I reached this one particular village. Against the backdrop of near total darkness, the church there was ablaze with Christmas lights outlining the church buildings, the windows and the doors.
The missionary who lives there told me that quite a few people were drawn to the church because of the lights. Native folks kept dropping by to thank them for the lights and even to ask questions. I can't tell you what a stunningly beautiful sight this was to see driving along a dark reservation highway toward a village with basically no lights of Christmas, and suddenly you see this one island of light in that sea of darkness. You couldn't miss it!
I'm Ron Hutchcraft and I want to have A Word With You today about "An Island of Light In a Sea of Darkness."
That picture - an attractive

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.083298
Retrieved Text: Way to control two fluorescent bulbs in the same fixture individually?
I would like to set up a few fluorescent light fixtures that each have one blacklight bulb and one white bulb. I would like to be able to control them individually so that I can have either the blacklight bulb or the white bulb on at any given time. It would be preferable to be able to dim the white bulbs, but this isn't necessary. I am okay with running a 14/3 power cable assuming two ballasts would fit in one fixture. I would also like to accomplish this as cheaply as possible. Thank you.
The only safe way I know how to do this is to have two ballasts in your fixture. And have each switched individually. Larger fluorescent fixtures usually have two ballasts to begin with and need to be wired together to become one light. If you had such a fixture you would be golden. Moving into the realm of the less Kosher, you could just add switches in the wiring for the bulb's sockets.
This should be doable. This is how old dark rooms for film are setup. They have a black light so you can see in the dark and light for emergencies/cleaning/ exposing all the film and making everybody mad etc.No idea where you would find thin information but maybe you can research dark room setup circuitry?
Dimming ballasts are going to be more expensive.
Ask for a florescent driver for your ? watt lamp on eBay.
In general you can't dim flourescents.
You will need

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.066412
Retrieved Text: Your drink will be the life of the party. These liquid-activated light-up cubes turn on as soon as they hit your drink—then turn off when your glass is empty. Whether you’re organizing a party, event, or using them for everyday amusement, Glo Drinks are professional entertainers. Made from food-safe, BPA-free plastic, they smoothly cycle through 9 different colors for up to eight hours, without any switches, knobs, or buttons. Glo Drinks started off as a college project. Mississippi Makers Hagan & Kylie, wanted to create a tea that would glow, and invented a way to keep a light on under water. We’re happy they did. Now, you can liven up a party with just liquid and this.
Hello everyone! I'm proud to introduce Glo Drinks to The Grommet. I'd be happy to answer any questions you have!
Is the price really $9.95 for one cube which cannot be used with the light feature after 6 hours?
@priya Thanks for your question! No, there's 4 reusable cubes per pack. I'll see if we can make this more clear.
How many of these do you actually get for $9.95 - and where are these made? Are these to be put into the freezer? Not really wanting to put something made in China that lights up in anything people consume, since there's no way of knowing exactly what's in it.
These are made in China, sent to our facility in Starkville, MS where they are packaged and inspected by members of our community. We have the highest USA certifications on the product overall, they're

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.039845
Retrieved Text: How to Clean Fabric Vertical Blinds We�ve all looked at our blinds and thought �they need a good wash�, but you might feel put-off about cleaning them because you don�t know where to start. With all the conflicting information floating around, you might be wondering what the best method really is, �... Blackout fabric is used to make curtains and coverings that keep out light. Curtains backed with blackout fabric are perfect for a home theatre or media room, where you can enjoy your favourite movies just as you would at a cinema.
Maybe you have vertical, fabric or wooden blinds, which are the three major types. Cleaning for each type is pretty straightforward, and you�ll be amazed at how quickly you can remove the dirty and make your blinds look wonderful again.... Fabric vertical blinds Regularly dust or vacuum with an upholstery attachment, top to bottom, both sides of the vane. For soil removal, take down the vane and lay it on a flat surface.
Blackout fabric is used to make curtains and coverings that keep out light. Curtains backed with blackout fabric are perfect for a home theatre or media room, where you can enjoy your favourite movies just as you would at a cinema.
Fabric vertical blinds Regularly dust or vacuum with an upholstery attachment, top to bottom, both sides of the vane. For soil removal, take down the vane and lay it on a flat surface.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.005752
Retrieved Text: Where can I find inexpansive led light bulb?
My dad bought a new kitchen and he would like to put led lights behind plexiglas to have a light source at the level of the work place , I've searched on eBay for cheap led light bulb 40 watts equivalent , but it's a little bit expansive and after searching more , even if they say it's 40 watts equivalent , it's actually not and it's definitely not bright.
Please , may someone help me finding the ultimate inexpansive led light bulb ?
I don't think you're going to see "inexpensive" for at least another five years, possibly double that. But cheap and cost-effective are very different things.
Right now, there's some amount of gee-whiz surcharge, plus the fact that there's still a surcharge for high-intensity LEDs.
But remember that the value is amortized over the length of the bulb's life and the savings both in electricity and in replacement bulbs, so it makes perfect sense that the price would be at least that many times higher.
Are you sure you want to go with LED? Don't forget that a fluorescent bulb is just as efficient, and much cheaper.
remember, cool white is brutally cold, and warm white is quite a nice yellow/white.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.002302
Retrieved Text: If you love celebrating the 4th of July with sparklers, then I have a fun 4th of July family craft for you: light painting!
My kids LOVE the 4th of July! They love going to carnivals and watching the fireworks. Another activity they look forward to every year is sparklers. We usually buy a big bulk of sparklers at one of our local stores, like Walmart, and light the sparklers after our cookout.
Last year, my family and I tried light painting using sparklers and we had a lot of fun! If you’re a photography enthusiast, then you are probably already familiar with light painting. For those of you who do not know what light painting means, it is really easy to learn.
Travis and Zhen (age 3 at the time) light painting with sparklers.
What is Light Painting in Photography?
Light painting in photography is a technique where the photographer uses long-exposure to capture moving light. Sometimes you can make objects or words from the moving light. (See our examples in the photographs below.) You can use many different types of light forms for light painting, such as a flashlight, glow stick, or candles. For the sake of this tutorial, we used sparklers.
“Light painting is an imaging technique that uses a moving light source to add light to an under-illuminated subject while taking a long-exposure photograph. A scene or object can be brought to life by painting with a beam of light!” —“What is Light Painting?” Wunderlich, Bruce. Digital Photography School.
Michala (age 14 at the time) enjoyed making spirals with

================



======= Instance Index 8214 =========
Input Text: Where do you get a table?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- demonstration
- kitchen
- furniture store
- hallway
- apartment

Target Text: furniture store

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.423129
Retrieved Text: Shop for Low Price Dino End Table By BDI .Price Low and Options of Dino End Table By BDI from variety stores in usa. 2014 products sale.
You are very lucky.The product you are looking for Dino End Table By BDI . We see discounts on products.
I think you are very lucky To be Get Dino End Table By BDI in cheap. I thought that Dino End Table By BDI is a great product. If purchased at the right price. not wonder you're looking for coupons. Please check prices best price before making a purchase. You will not be disappointed with Dino End Table By BDI .
"Today, if you do not want to disappoint, Check price before the Price Up.Dino End Table By BDI You will not regret if check price."
Best Price Dino End Table By BDI.See our great selection and free shipping.Best Shop on Dino End Table By BDI now. Best Price Guarantee! 2012 .
If you find product products sale, Shopping Deals.If at the time will discount more Savings So you already decide you want have Dino End Table By BDI for your, but you don't know where to get the best price for this Dino End Table By BDI. We already done the research and spend a lot of time for you. Dino End Table By BDI to find out where to get the best deal on Dino End Table By BDI .
If the Dino End Table By BDI is integrated that you must have, be sure to order now to stay away from disappointment

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.155184
Retrieved Text: Having small place does not mean that you cannot have furniture. Furniture like table is still important for the house. Where would you place your stuff if you do not have any table at home? Do not worry about the tiny space, you can still have proper furniture with octagonal folding table. This kind of table is also completed by standable feature.
So, apart from being easily moved by folding and unfolding it, you can also enjoy the best feature of stand the table and store it even in the narrowest place. When you do not need the table, you can fold it and just slip it under your bed or keep it in the basement. When you need a table, this table can be used outdoor as your patio furniture or you can place it in your garden to have outdoor party.
Interested in buying this furniture? Contact us and get the best octagonal folding table with standable feature. We will get you the best furniture made from the best teak wood. Our company is the best furniture manufacturer in Indonesia and the quality of our products is just very high.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.11335
Retrieved Text: Shop for Best Price Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home .Compare Price and Options of Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home from variety stores in usa. products sale 2014.
You are very lucky.The product you are looking for Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home . We see discounts on products.
I think you are very lucky To be Get Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home in cheap. I thought that Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home is a great product. If purchased at the right price. not wonder you're looking for coupons. Please check prices best price before making a purchase. You will not be disappointed with Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home .
"Today, if you do not want to disappoint, Check price before the Price Up.Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home You will not regret if check price."
Surprising Prices Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home.Smart deals and best shipping.Buy on Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home now. Best Price Today! .
If you find product products sale, Shopping Deals.If at the time will discount more Savings So you already decide you want have Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home for your, but you don't know where to get the best price for this Paula Deen Home End Table By Paula Deen Home. We already done the research and spend a lot of time for you. Paula Deen Home

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.934082
Retrieved Text: YOUR DESIGN - Beer Pong Table! Create a custom made look.
Professional Beer Pong Table where you choose which design you want.
This could be your logo like Friday Bar/Nightclub or private or public company - maybe your favorite team logo or something else?
Thebeerbong.co.uk gives you the opportunity to create your very own Beer Pong Table and only your imagination puts a limit on what you can do. Do you want to surprise a friend and wants a table with his/her face on it? Or do you want a table with a certain theme? The possibilities are endless and one thing is for sure: you get a table that you proudly can show off everywhere!
*There is no return on this product as the product will be produced as a Beer Pong Table with custom ID. Of course, there is full right of complaint, and the quality must of course be all right.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.893169
Retrieved Text: WebHatchers will design & develop your site for you.
Website Menu Heaven: menus, buttons, etc.
SHOW TABLES LIKE '$table'. There are those that swear by "information_schema.TABLES" but why get obscure? The MySQL link just cited admits that SHOW TABLES LIKE '$table' is a shorter, easier, more concise way of doing table testing than "information_schema.TABLES" methods. Do you really want to do SELECT table_name FROM INFORMATION_SCHEMA.TABLES WHERE table_schema = 'db_name' [AND table_name LIKE 'wild']?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.862534
Retrieved Text: Here is a simple query that we can run. First use Ctrl+M to turn on the actual execution plan and then execute the query.
Here we can see that this query is doing a Clustered Index Scan. Since this table has a clustered index and there is not a WHERE clause SQL Server scans the entire clustered index to return all rows. So in this example there is nothing that can be done to improve this query.
In this next example I created a new copy of the Person.Contact table without a clustered index and then ran the query.
Here we can see that this query is doing a Table Scan, so when a table has a Clustered Index it will do a Clustered Index Scan and when the table does not have a clustered index it will do a Table Scan. Since this table does not have a clustered index and there is not a WHERE clause SQL Server scans the entire table to return all rows. So again in this example there is nothing that can be done to improve this query.
In this next example we include a WHERE clause for the query.
Here we can see that we still get the Clustered Index Scan, but this time SQL Server is letting us know there is a missing index. If you right click on the query plan and select Missing Index Details you will get a new window with a script to create the missing index.
Let’s do the same thing for our Person.Contact2 table.
We can see that we

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.853005
Retrieved Text: How do you get the color of a specific cell in a data table using JSL?
I have a script where I need to determine what color specific cells in a data table have been set to. I can find messages that can be sent to specific cells to color them, but my searches have failed to see anyway to retrieve the color of specific cells. Does anyone have a solution?
Re: How do you get the color of a specific cell in a data table using JSL?
The cell colors seem to be stored in a hierarchical list but I, too, can't find an easy way to access them.
Thanks for the quick response. Function works well. I had to modify it a bit to handle the case where the all of the cells in a column have been set to the same color.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.8480835
Retrieved Text: One of various things that you have to do when you want to choose the best bar table measuring the space where you want to apply the table. So then, you can really determine the right bar table which suit your room and you well. Aside of that, by doing so, you can get a particular table that match you in height. Or, you can make it nicer by applying the height adjustable bar table. It can be a perfect stuff for you who really want the excellent flexible furniture in the room.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.8322315
Retrieved Text: Where is the table from? - I would love to get a table like this for my entry way. I have searched high and low and LOVE this. I only have ~3 feet to work with so I am hoping there is a narrower version? Any help would be greatly appreciated.
I bought a similar table at Home Goods.
Front Door - Is the door custom? I am looking for something like this.
Good evening! Do you mind if I ask where the table is from?
Hi, I was looking or this table as well. I think that it is from RH, the PARISIAN CORNICE CONSOLE. Good luck!
Mirror - Where is this mirror from? It's beautiful.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.819027
Retrieved Text: One of my growing table for chiliplantor! » Chili – Hobbyodling av chilipeppar!
← Chiliplantor in rose pots!
One of my growing table for chiliplantor!
Today I fixed in order one of my growing table. On the table, I have 2 St flat washers for the pots will later stand at kappilärmatta for more even irrigation. It makes room 32 St 1,5 liter rose pots on this table.
The plants that will accompany this table will be illuminated with fluorescent lamps, Here I use a light fixture from LightWave “T5 8×54 W” with the entire 33 200 lumen, color 6500 Kelvin.
One of my planting table will this year get another lighting, Led lighting for plants where I'm going to test to see if it makes a difference if you use fluorescent lighting. The table should I do in order for a few weeks then I get on several planting trays.
2 Responses to One of my growing table for chiliplantor!
Hi, I wonder where you got your hands on plasttrågen you have on the image. and how great they are.
I assume that you mean the larger flat washers, they can be bought at wexthuset.com there are various models and sizes.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.78669
Retrieved Text: Have you just put up the house bar of your dreams and now need a pub table so you can seat down and have a beverage with good friends on basketball finals night? Have you simply transferred to your own place and wish to utilize a space-saving bar table as your dining table? Do you prefer to eat your meals sitting high to see out the window for a much better view?
Club tables have ended up being required accessories in homes with the coming of house entertainment systems and home bars. Nowadays, you can quickly shop online for bar tables in various sizes, diameters, products, surfaces and style. However how do you pick the club table that is ideal for you?
1. How tall do you want your club table to be?
– If you desire it to be the very same height as your kitchen counter top, then you must get a club table that is about 36 inches tall and a bar stool that is 24 inches.
– If you want it to be the exact same height as your bar counter top, then you should get a club table that has to do with 42 inches tall and a bar stool that is 30 inches.
– If you want to have the flexibility of varying the height of your pub table and bar stool, then you should get a metal table and bar stool with adjustable height mechanism.
2. How many people are you going to seat around your pub table?
– If you are going to seat 2-4

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.717279
Retrieved Text: I understand where you’re coming from. I think it all has to do with the words being used.
I am in total agreement. What we are interested in for this specific instance is not so much the inherent workings of the routing protocol, but the end result. With the auto-summary enabled, the end result of the entry in the routing table in Router 1 of our example will be 10.0.0.0/8 which is indeed what we would get with RIPv1. This is something we do not want. To remedy this we use the no auto-summary command which changes the behaviour of the protocol so that we get the CIDR result we want. This I believe was the central idea behind Rene’s comment. It does not change the classless nature of the protocol, it just changes the behaviour so that we can take advantage and use this classless nature.
The routing table will show what routes are available to the router to route packets. In the lesson, the statement “172.16.0.0/24 is subnetted, 1 subnets” indicates that there is only one /24 destination in the routing table that falls within the classful range 172.16.0.0 to 172.31.255.255.
In your routing table, if it states “172.16.0.0/24 is variably subnetted, 2 subnets, 2 masks” that means that you have some additional routes configured in the routing table. These may be from directly connected networks, that is, interfaces that you have configured on the device itself, or routes that have been learned via RIP. If you look at the subnets that are indicated, you can get

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.666798
Retrieved Text: Where do you get those beautiful chairs?!
Where can I find those pink chairs?
Dining room dilemma What do I do?
How do you like these chairs with my dining table?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.65889
Retrieved Text: AUT has table and some rows in that table could be greyed out.
How can I get color for table row/cell ?
AUT is developed on C# with DevExpress controls, snapshot attached.
Pavlo wrote: AUT has table and some rows in that table could be greyed out.
Where can I find Ranorex development roadmap for 2012, so know (approximately) when to expect version 3.3 ?
Pavlo wrote: ...so know (approximately) when to expect version 3.3 ?
Just updated ranorex to 4.0.2 version ... but there still impossible to get row/cell color.
Could you please suggest anything for that?
Do you have already tried using Invoke Remotely as Peter suggested?
Could you please also post us a snapshot file with the new version?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.587525
Retrieved Text: Do you click on FIRING TABLE coupon code and fail to get discounts?
Do you have to waste time each time you want to shop at FIRING TABLE Coupon looking for a working FIRING TABLE promo code?
If you’re short on time, then you should try one of our FIRING TABLE Discount Codes. Time is a precious commodity, and we’re here to help you make the most of your time. Get up to 85% FIRING TABLE Discount Codes here. For details on how to apply a FIRING TABLE Promo Code read more.
An approximate of 500,000 customers Save up to 85% on their daily purchases using promotional deals displayed on RhinoShoppingcart.com. Each time you want to shop, you will find all kinds of amazing deals, discounts and special discounts displayed here. Just apply FIRING TABLE Discount Code before checkout. And voila!! You save more than 60% people online right now!! Here we provide you with the comprehensive and large variety of deals including online coupon codes, in-store coupons, Voucher coupons, special deals, sale, clearance, promo codes and much more. The savings are endless when you apply FIRING TABLE Discount Code from Rhinoshoppingcart!
Rhinoshoppingcart partners with FIRING TABLE Coupon Code to get you the most out of your money. Get your favorite products now at a better price. All you have to do is visit us and select the promo code that suits you best. Shopping and saving were never easier!
The FIRING TABLE coupon code present here can be applied to both online and in-store shopping. Your quest for a site

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.572026
Retrieved Text: Does it matter is there a NULL values in the Field column?
I usually do this with the Max function. You will need to have some field that can be used for this. For instance, an Sequential AutoNumber (Rob, I remembered) as the primary key, the last record entered would be the one with the max AutoNumber value. Or if you are recording the date on which each record was entered, you could use a max on that field.
Last is not very reliable, especially when performed directly on a table. Even if you have applied a "table sort", that's just presentation; order doesn't actually mean much to a database unless it is specified.
You may have better luck with DLAST on a QUERY where you specifically tell Access how it should be sorted. If you have as your primary key an incrementing autonumber (highly recommended), simply sort on that primary key field.
Other solutions involve using DMAX instead if you want to use domain functions.
I tryed Dmax but when I use it I get ever record in my table listed in the query with the value of the last record in each field. I only want 1 result, the last record in the table.
Are you using domain functions (DLAST, DMAX) in a query?
There are much better ways to do it.
Can you post the full SQL of your query, along with a list/description of the fields in your table? We can help you get this working.
Ok I want to use this on a form. I need it to lockup the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.5235615
Retrieved Text: I am trying to get supplier data into a new database. I have a table containing item no connected with supplier no's. Then I have another table containing supplier no and a number of fields with address, phone, name and such data. A third table has most of the suppliers but not all of them. On the other hand this table has been updated continuously. I want to create a table with the most detailed and recent address to all suppliers of items in the first table.
-If there is a number in KSPRODOS/suppno it should appear in the resulting table.
-If there is a record with matching suppno in KSPROD/address and KSPROD/phone it should be used.
-If there is a record with matching suppno in SUPPRCS/address and SUPPRCS/phone it should overwrite previous data.
I want a table with all items that have a supplier number. If there is a name and address in the matching fields it should be the most recent otherwise it should be empty. Somebody will have to try to find the supplier from other sources.
We don't do the task for you, and we expect you to tell us where you got stuck in your own attempts at solving your problem.
However, I will jot down a basic outline to get you started. If you have any problems putting this in place then post precise details of where you are having trouble and we can help further.
Start with a blank table.
Use APPEND queries to add the data from the other tables. Make sure you add the highest

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.502441
Retrieved Text: My hubby and I this weekend just past headed back to where he grew up in a little town with a population of 600, Eugowra NSW. Eugowra is west of Sydney for those who are a little unsure where it is! While we were there my sweet mum in law gifted me a side table that she no longer wanted. Sharing how I too this plain little table and gave it a new Paper Bag Side Table look!
Before we get on to how to use a paper bag to give a piece of furniture a new look. I wanted to share some photos of the beautiful country of New South Wales. The canola was in full bloom and it sure was such an amazing sight in contrast to the green grass!
Yes, that handsome man is my hubby!
To top our drive out there off, the weather was perfect! Bright blue sky’s and there was finally some warmth in the sun after having such a freeeeeezing cold winter!
Now let’s down to making over this sweet table.
It involved this amazing paper bag that we had kept from our wedding back in April of this year. I just knew it would come in handy one day and the graphics on it are right up my ally. It came from Typo!!
Step 1 -Cut out the front of the bag with all the great graphics to the size of the table top. To do this I turned the table upside down onto the back of the paper bag. Then traced around the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.493732
Retrieved Text: What did you eat at home today? Find out what your friend ate today. Did you eat the same kind of food yesterday and today? We all eat different kinds of food at different times, isn’t it? 1.1 FOOD VARIETY Activity 1 Ask your friends in the school about the items they would be eating during a day. See if you can also get this information from friends staying in different states of India. List all the items in your notebook as given in Table 1.1, for as many friends as possible. Table 1.1 What do we eat? Name of the Food items student/friend eaten in a day There seems to be so much variety in the food that we eat. What are these food items made of? Think about rice cooked at home. We take raw rice and boil it in water. Just two materials or ingredients are needed to prepare a dish of boiled rice. On the other hand, some food items are made with many ingredients. To prepare vegetable curry, we need different kinds of vegetables, salt, spices, oil and so on. Activity 2 Choose some of the items you listed in Table 1.1 and try to find out what ingredients are used to prepare these, by discussing with your friends and elders at home. List them in Table 1.2. Some examples are given here. Add some more items to this list. Table 1.2 Food items and their ingredients Food Item Ingredients Roti/chapati Atta, water Dal Pulses, water, salt, oil/ ghee, spices What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.45947
Retrieved Text: Superb!!! Me and my husband had a wonderful time ! Our waiter Robert made our expirience memorable with his super service and happy personality! He is very skilled coffee maker and coffee he prepared for us was a dilight!
Get quick answers from Pizza Express Jazz Club staff and past visitors.
We have standard tickets for the early show tomorrow night, we are novices and are not sure what we get with the ticket. Do we get a guaranteed table? Or is it standing? Or is it first come first served to get a table?
When we went, the tables had been allocated by when the tickets had been bought, so if you bought your ticket early you will be allocated a good table, if you've left it until the last minute to book you may get a table behind a pillar or soo tucked away you cannot see the stage.
Is there a point in the evening where there is the option to dance at this jazz club?
No, there is no dance area or dance floor.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.449237
Retrieved Text: I had a great day yesterday, hubby and I got a chance to go out for lunch which we really don't get to do to often. Do you ever play this game when you are trying to decide where to go to eat? So honey where do you want to go? Ummm I don't know, where do you want to go? Yeah, this is us and you'd think since our lunch dates are rare we'd know exactly where we want to go, right? Finally after some more debate, we decided on a local BBQ restaurant and had a great time together. It's nice to have uninterrupted adult conversation with your spouse every now and then.
Since hubby had more time before he had to get back to work I thought maybe he would like to join me for a trip down to our local Neighborhood Thrift Store. He loves to go thrifting more than I do so I knew it wouldn't be a hard sale, hehe!!
We moseyed on in and did our little tour of the place and scouted out some of their new stuff. I have to admit I go in there quite often and I know what's new and what isn't. Is it bad they know me in there, and I'm never afraid to ask for a discount? Nope! Anyway, I spotted this brand new used black pedestal table with 4 matching chairs and it was in near perfect condition. No joke at all. Hubby came over to see it and he even gave me

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.427964
Retrieved Text: 2014 24v View-Anybody finding their salon table a bit wobbly? I have ordered and replaced one of the plastic caps on the table leg but the other is stuck in the floor receptacle. However, the table wobbles a bit too much for my liking. Ideas on how to get the stuck plastic cap out of the floor fitting? Looks like both caps are supposed to stay on the top and bottom of the table leg.
thoughts? Hints? Help? Appreciate it greatly!
Check the screws on the floor mount and the table mount. Mine came with too short of screws on the floor mount.
screws are tight, floor fitting is solid, Am trying now to pull the old plastic fitting out of the table top and then put the replacements on the top and bottom of the table leg where the specs indicate they belong. Thanks!
If anybody else's View or Navion table is wobbly, here is what happened to us...the plastic end caps are supposed to stay on the table leg not in the floor and table fittings. When I bought the RV the fittings were stuck in the floor and table. You have to buy two new caps either from Surfit which made the table or Winnebago...I think they were about $2 each. Then you have to get the old ones OUT of the floor and table. Do NOT do this with pliers or screwdrivers and force. This damages the aluminum fittings. (I know whereof I speak...unfortunately!) Remove the fittings from floor/table and knock the plastic caps out. Surfit

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.427681
Retrieved Text: YQL is a very cool tool to extract data from HTML documents on the web. Let’s face facts: HTML is a terrible data format as far too many documents out there are either broken, have a wrong encoding or simply are not structured the way they should be. Therefore it can be quite a mess to try to read a HTML document and then find what you were looking for using regular expressions or tools that expect XML compatible HTML documents. Python fans will know about beautiful soup for example that does quite a good job working around most of these issues.
select * from HTML where url="http://cnn.com"
select * from html where xpath="//a" and url="http://cnn.com"
select content from html where xpath="//a" and url="http://cnn.com"
select content from html where url="http://cnn.com" and xpath="//a"
select * from google.translate where q in ( select content from html where url="http://cnn.com" and xpath="//a" ) and target="fr"
Now, the other day my esteemed colleague Dirk Ginader came up with a bit of a brain teaser for me. His question was what to do when the HTML document you try to get needs POST data sent to it for it to render properly? You can append GET parameters to the URL, but not POST so the normal HTML document is not enough.
The next step was to write an open table for YQL that does the necessary request and transformations.
use "http://isithackday.com/hacks/htmlpost/htmlpost.xml" as htmlpost; select * from htmlpost where url='http://isithackday.com/hacks/htmlpost/index.php' and postdata="foo=foo&bar=bar" and xpath="//p"
You can try this example in the console.
I’ve also added the table to the open YQL tables repository

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.413533
Retrieved Text: Just because a restaurant offers an outdoor seating area, pets are not automatically allowed. Many codes prohibit pets where food is served, including outdoors.
Pets are never allowed in enclosed spaces (even if only to pass through to get to outdoor spaces) Pets are more likely to be allowed where you order food and carry yourself to outdoor table then those with outdoor wait service.
Don't forget about establishments with takeout windows, delivery, or box lunch options.
Call ahead to the restaurant first.
Always ask permission before bringing your pet onto any patio, garden, or sidewalk seating area even if you have sat there with your pet in the past.
Tie your pet to the chair, not the table so your pet will not take the entire table if they move around.
If you want to offer your pet some water, ask for a paper cup or bowl and do not use your glass or bowl.
Keep your pet from begging.
Only offer your pet food at the restaurant if you are certain they are not food-aggressive.
Keep your pet seated at your table and away from other patrons.
Restrain your pet from trying to get up on the table.
Keep your pet clean and quiet.
Bring no more than two pets.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.348067
Retrieved Text: Many experts have studied in which living room table reading lamps's shades and colors affect someone's styles. Yellowish table lamp have been involving becoming shiny and also happy; green seeing that normal and peaceful; purple together with splendor and also richness; blue while great and also relaxing and also red because lively and also exciting.
Importantly, before you decide what living room table reading lamps items you'd like to purchase for your interior, you will have to take several points intoattention. Firstly, what colour and components do you want your table lamp to be? Do you want everything to be timber? Metal? Painted a great shade? There are many choices to select from, that this can be the toughest portion of one's choice. If you select wood, one of the finest kinds of timber for furniture is walnut because of its durability. Oak table lamp could be especially attractive. One another hand, if you prefer metal furniture make certain that you decide on furniture which are all related in tone. With furniture that is colored solid shades, the choices are more or less endless, but you need to choose just a few shades to prevent being overrun by them.
Deciding on the best living room table reading lamps for your table lamp is a subject of sense of taste and should match the style of your table lamp. From traditional, to modern and minimalist, there are many designs to choose from that will enhance the design of the table lamp. So, some table lamp and furniture stores will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.340138
Retrieved Text: Kitchen tables get hammered over time. Whether you have little kids digging in their forks into the table, or just host many dinners with platters scraping the top, the table gets abused. Eventually, most DIYers think of repainting their kitchen table. It is cheaper than purchasing a new table, and the best part: you get to make it exactly how you want it!
Painting a kitchen or dining table isn’t much more difficult than painting any other piece of furniture, but if you don’t know what you are doing, it can turn into a big mess. Before you begin your table makeover, remember the main concern of repainting a table is to make it durable. Kitchen tables take more wear and tear than your average dresser or bookshelf. And who wants to spend hours of work, to see chipped paint a week later?
You don’t need to sand off all of the stain, however you do need your new paint to adhere to a rough surface. Sand enough until you have a rough surface and can see no glossy finish. When I sand a table, I use this Black and Decker sander. Not only does it take a 4 hour job and turn it into a 30 minute job, this sander has a pointed side to get into the grooves of legs and edges. I love mine and for less that $30 consider it a must for any DIYer.
If you don’t take time to get everything sanded, including those beautiful table legs, you will end up with: paint

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.3356285
Retrieved Text: Have you heard of International Table Top Day? Do you love board games? Do you want to spend more time with your friends and family, while being a part of a global gaming movement? If so, put the controller down, walk away from the television and learn more about table top day 2014.
Fans from all over the world gather at gaming events to play table top games (i.e. Sorry, Monopoly, Battleship, Magic: The Gathering, etc.) and unite with one common goal – fun. The event is a great opportunity to showcase your gaming skills, spend time with loved ones, compete in a friendly, laid-back environment and participate in a movement to encourage unplugging from our digital lives.
This event is perfect for people of all ages, and it’s a great opportunity to learn a new game while spending quality time with your family members. It doesn’t matter which game or games you choose to play on the day, and it doesn’t matter how big the event you attend is. Simply register to get started gaming.
An interactive map is available online and it provides information about organizers in your community and how you can get involved. If you don’t see a gaming event in your area, it’s easy and free to submit a form to create and host your own Table Top Day gaming event. If you’re hosting, the event is free and you don’t have to feel pressure to host a major crowd. If you do decide to promote your event, table top day is a great

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.32235
Retrieved Text: Lightweight, fast query-builder for PHP based on Laravel Eloquent but with less overhead.
A lightweight, expressive, framework agnostic query builder for PHP it can also be referred as a Database Abstraction Layer. Pixie supports MySQL, SQLite and PostgreSQL will handle all your query sanitization, table alias, unions among many other things, with a unified API.
The syntax is similar to Laravel's query builder "Eloquent", but with less overhead.
This library is stable, maintained and are used by sites around the world (check the credits).
PHP version 7.1 or higher is required for pecee-pixie version 4.x and above (versions prior to 4.x are available here).
Custom prefix/aliases for tables (prefix.table).
Support for not defining table and/or removing defined table.
Better handling of Raw objects in where statements.
Most importantly this project is used on many live-sites and maintained.
// Create a connection, once only.
Get user with the id of 3. Returns null when no match.
Get all users with blue or red hair.
Pixie uses Composer to make things easy.
If you are missing a feature, experience problems or have ideas or feedback that you want us to hear, please feel free to create an issue.
Please be as detailed as possible in the description when creating a new issue. This will help others to more easily understand- and solve your issue. For example: if you are experiencing issues, you should provide the necessary steps to reproduce the error within your description.
We love to hear out any ideas or feedback to the library.
Please try to follow the PSR-2 codestyle guidelines.
Please create your pull requests to the development base that matches

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.31527
Retrieved Text: A very pink giraffe-print inspired birthday party for my daughter's first birthday! Shades of pink, giraffe prints, tulips and pennant banner flags made her first birthday party exactly what I envisioned.
The inspiration for this project was actually a dress that Kenley made on Project Runway: All Stars in a competition where the designers had to design a gown for Miss Piggy. I ordered the same pink giraffe print fabric for the table cloth at our party!
I DIY-ed all the paper goods (cupcake toppers, mini banner flags, food labels, etc)... I designed them in photoshop myself because I couldn't find any online that I liked enough to buy. I also made the tissue poms and banner flags out of four different fabrics from Hobby Lobby. I made all the food myself, too-- cake pops, brownies, white & pink chocolate popcorn, pink party fudge.
I LOVED the table cloth and banners. I am going to make the table cloth into curtains for her bedroom, and re-use the tissue poms and fabric banners for decoration!
Don't be afraid to mix and match fabrics, patters and shades of the same color. And if you can't find exactly what you are looking for, try making it yourself!
I AM SO IN LOVE!!! This is exactly what I want to do for my daughters first birthday! I love giraffe prit and I love this color pink! Where did you find the decorations?
Hi! Is the table cloth and the background in the picture of just the baby the same thing? Where did you get it/order if

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.311779
Retrieved Text: Select * From dbo.Date d where d.
Select * From dbo.Date lei where lei.
lei is not setup as a snippet in T-SQL. Are there other aliases that won't work?
I am unable to reproduce this. Please try again, make sure you type a space after WHERE then type "leu." including the dot.
lei consistently regardless of database or table. Only Query Analyzer, not Mgmt Studio. Only when connected to one server. Closing and reopening QA still produces the same issue.
It sounds like you are connecting to wrong server and there is no such table or view or table function Date in the current database.
When you type WHERE then press space, do you get a popup with the column names? If yes, what is displayed in the top most line? Does it say "lei -- alias for dbo.Date"?
I get the issue no matter what table name I select. When I press space after where, no column names appear. If I change the alias it works fine.
Are you sure there is no "lei" object or schema in the database?
SELECT * FROM sysobjects lei WHERE lei.
Found the possible connection: There is a user named lei, but no schema and no access to any databases. In fact if you alias a table by any standard SQL login user, you will see the issue.
I'm glad you found the cause. The lei user is still reported as a schema owner, it is a database user, not a login. When you type "lei." the database names are searched first, then schema names, then object names, then

================



======= Instance Index 5742 =========
Input Text: What could you add a line to?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- bus stop
- graph
- post office
- grass
- play

Target Text: graph

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.659174
Retrieved Text: Electronics Costs > How Much Does it Cost to Add a Line to AT&T?
How Much Does it Cost to Add a Line to AT&T?
AT&T, like most phone carriers, offers you the option of adding a new line to your existing wireless account instead of opening a new account every time you purchase a new mobile phone or extending your contract. This can be done whether you are currently on a group or individual plan.
As the name implies, adding a new line is going to allow you to add more members to your family phone plan.
How much does it cost to add a line on AT&T?
The cost of adding a line on AT&T will greatly depend on the plan you choose. For example, every line beyond the first two is an additional $20 per month if you were to sign up for either the Unlimited Choice or Unlimited Plus Plan. The base monthly price for both of these plans start at $125 for Unlimited Choice and $155 for Unlimited Plus.
According to the official AT&T website, you will have two options: either the unlimited plan or the mobile share advantage plan, which offers 3, 6, 10 and 16-gigabyte plans. To get an exact quote for adding a line to your plan, we highly recommend using AT&T’s simple calculator.
To make things easy, we broke down the costs for each plan and what you may pay for each additional line.
NOTE: These are prices you will pay on top of the base price. Taxes and additional fees not included in this

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.336076
Retrieved Text: 1. For each item purchased, I need to allow the customer to upload a file. Say you are selling mounted pictures, customer can upload the picture, choose the frame size and checkout. The file is associated with the line item and named accordingly.
2. I also want a comments field to be attached to the each item purchased.
3. I need the customer to be able to purchase the same item many times, with each one showing up as a separate line item.
found an Add-on! Now to try it out!
Could I ask what add-on you found and where it is?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.195383
Retrieved Text: We frequently use furniture gliders with our kids. They have the benefit of adding challenge to strengthening exercises, as well as on the flip side making some movements easier to help with improving quality. The examples I am going to give below are ways we have used them to improve quality.
First we made a game of furniture glider hockey. It was a little harder to maintain control in this game but it add fun to the challenge. We were working on hip extension with weight shift onto the weight bearing leg. What we also got was control with the foot and leg to line up the glider in the right spot! You could also adapt this to go sideways to work on hip abduction. If you wanted to add a strength component to it, more so that the control, you could add cuff weights to the ankles, or attach Thera-band to the ankle. A lot of it depends on what you are looking to do.
Since we saw that control was challenging we decided to focus on that a little more. Took out some of the fun but I’m sure with a little creativity this could easily be made into a game too. We used floor tape to create a line and then put a chair in front. The goal was to move the furniture glider along the line while keeping the toes pointed forward. As you can see in the video, adding the visual component and slowing down the movement allowed more practice for control and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.177523
Retrieved Text: The subject of an email was sent out as "Seasons Greetings!". A few recipients are seeing the subject line as SPAM from a mass email instead of the subject line "Seasons Greetings!". Here you will find out what could cause this and a possible solution.
The recipients email provider or security applications changed the subject line that was originally sent. If a recipient has Antivirus or Anti-malware on their computer set to check incoming mail this could add in a note to the subject line and look to rename the subject line as (Spam) or other verbiage such as "remove from future mailings" - if a rule has been set by their malware to indicate possible threatening emails. This is generally a tag that is set in the recipient's malware program.
The recipients can check their security settings set on their antivirus or malware to see if they can change those settings.
Here is a link to McAfee (a common antivirus program) that discusses this setting.
If you look on page 1 of the "email filtering" it talks about a tag where email subjects are changed due to the spam level of the email.
You could also try and have the recipients that see this subject line change whitelist the IP address mass emails would originate from allowing all emails that come from you to pass security settings. Keep in mind that depending on what software they are using their antivirus software may over ride that.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.073829
Retrieved Text: What is the best way to add an email 'enquiry' button on each product page?
I need this button to open an email form with the product name in the subject line. I have searched the forums and have not found a concrete answer, any help would be much appreciated!
The easiest way of doing this would be a widget area with a link to the contact form.
You could also use our contact form widget plugin. Or use a pop up plugin with a link to the pop up which contains a contact form.
Personally, I'd probably go with the first suggestion.
Could you possibly elaborate more on how I would do that in terms of the code in the link when using your contact form widget plugin?
What would my options be not using a widget or pop up but rather having it below say the buy now button.
With the Contact Form Widget Plugin, there is no code you need to add. Simply add the Widget to one of your widget areas.
I don't know what you options for putting it below the buy now button without taking a look at the page. Mind linking to it?
Does the Contact Form Widget Plugin automatically add the post name as the subject in the email form?
It does not - but you can customize the subject, among other things, in the widget.
Thanks but that does not help me. I need the button to open an email form with the product name (same as post name) in the subject line of the email form.
Otherwise the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.062649
Retrieved Text: Happy Easter you Fool. Easter this year falls on April fools day so we are gonna have our own little Easter Egg Hunt. Those that succeed will find the rules for our next contest and it is one you will want to be a part of. Will you be the fool that ignores this or the one to find the Egg?
For this contest you will need to figure out one word. In order to figure out the word you must collect the letters.
1 letter will only be released on Discord and Line so if you are not in our rooms now is the time to join! Add thatcinder for Line and shoot me a message to add you!
2 letters will be found in the answers to the questions below.
1 letter will not be released, it wouldn’t be April fools without a little trickery from #Teamrealtips.
Can you solve this challenge? If you do message the word to Cinder or Eagle on Discord or Line and you will be put on the early release list for the contest that could win you 100 dollars!!!
The Egg Gem was a part of what set?
After three days your hero will rise from the grave. What original hero rose after three days?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.969185
Retrieved Text: 6/10/2009 · Annotating Diagrams with Callouts in Visio 2010 Callouts are part of the visible drawing and can be edited and formatted like any other shape. A callout points at or references another shape, which we call the “target” of the callout. It is placed in proximity its target and may have a line connecting to it. The connecting line is called a “leader”. To add a callout shape in Visio... Open Shapes on the Insert tab and select the double arrow line. You'll use this to draw the base line. Position the cursor cross where you want the line to start, hold down the You'll use this to draw the base line.
Double-clicking the object will allow you to change various properties like color, width, and font. Dia is easy to use, powerful, and free. It's capable of doing many of the same things that Microsoft Visio can do but without charge and on a wider range of computers.... 20/12/2017 · Line Tool for striped line - Visio 2010 For drafting purposes, I need the line tool to be able to create a striped line for drawing electrical wires. I also need multiple colors I can choose from to designate different electrical wires on the draft.
1/08/2014 · How to draw a double line in autocad? Looking for some help with double line settings. When I click the draw menu, there is no option for double lines. Looking for some help with double …... All I could see are single lined shapes. Tried in properties, could not

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.854202
Retrieved Text: Roombo i7 - virtual "no-go" lines?
Do we know if there is any roadmap for iRobot to add the virtual "no-go" lines to the roomba line? I for sure see this as a huge differentiator with the NEATO D7 and I find it odd that iRobot has not address this yet - I would assume this is mostly software related so it could be an i7 roadmap feature?
Re: Roombo i7 - virtual "no-go" lines?
iRobot likes to keep their accessory line active so they offer a Virtual Wall accessory for the i7.
I understand that - but it just seems to be such an inferior and expensive (hardware) solution when competition have an easy SW solution that the i7 could do also now with the latest tech on it (already mapping rooms) - seems to me they are catching up on this one and really wondered if they had published a roadmap item around it yet.
I cannot imagine how their hardware virtual wall accessory could in anyway be superior to the "no-go" software lines - or am I missing something?
shatain00 wrote: Do we know if there is any roadmap for iRobot to add the virtual "no-go" lines to the roomba line? I for sure see this as a huge differentiator with the NEATO D7 and I find it odd that iRobot has not address this yet - I would assume this is mostly software related so it could be an i7 roadmap feature?
I think it's something they'll probably add in the future, but I have no idea when. FYI:

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.826932
Retrieved Text: Congratulations, I see you are enrolling in Principles of Line & Design course.
Have you considered how beneficial it could be to you to add Garment Insights into your study notes?
In the Principles of Line and Design, you will learn how to work with the horizontal, vertical, diagonal and circular lines. How to make the most of texture, prints, patterns and design.
Now imagine being able to add to your studies every single element to do with clothing garments. not just the fabric and print, but also, the intricacies of what goes into shirts, jackets, dresses, skirts and trousers. You will be able to confidently recommend styles, alterations and fit points for every body shape and figure consideration.
Enhance your knowledge of female garments with this 6 part short course.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.814386
Retrieved Text: Add item boxed height, width and length into item file for future use. The volume field does not give an accurate representation of the item to calculate DIM weights or determine packaging in any future enhancements.
With the new additional fields being added, the Sales Desk Screen layout also needs to be expanded to have more than 12 custom fields displayed.
While changing the table structures, I think it would beneficial add these 2 pieces of information for reporting purposes.
Customer Type should be recorded on the invoice header at the time of posting. This gives an accurate representation of what the customer's type was at the time of the sale. Joining the customer table to the invoice header only tells you what the customer's type is now, not what it was at the time of order.
The starting source of a sale should be recorded on individual line items. The source would be where the order originated from. Online, API, custom specified, etc... This would need to be on the order line item and then carried over to the invoice line item. Then, you could create very accurate historical reporting on order entry sources. Having this information on a note attached to the invoice header or line item is cumbersome and could be deleted. With this method, once the line item is added, the source is saved forever. This source field could also be carried over to the CPHSTTRX table. The actual source field only needs to be a few characters and each company can decide their own code

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.799452
Retrieved Text: Will you add the ATC system in your Tozai Line?
I would like to reproduce both CS-ATC system and WS-ATC system.
I would like to ask you one more thing,what train 'types' will in your project?
Thank you for your interest in the tozai line.
I have produced three types which is localtrain, rapidtrain, and rapidcommuter.
I do not know when you can publish.
But...maybe, Could be good news for the Christmas season.
It's good to hear more news!
I am a Openbve player,Will Tozai Line support BVE5 only or support Openbve?
I've played your old version No.5 line before,but i found out that the'南砂町'station have roads on the track.Will you fix those bugs in yourNew Tozai Line?Thanks!
I'm going to support both BVE5 and openbve in the long term.
First will be the support of mainly BVE5, I'm going to support only a little openbve.
However, the failure of the signal in the Mimamisunamachi station I'm going to publish the modified file.
If I could afford in the future, I want to produce an English version as well as the Japanese version.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.773943
Retrieved Text: 1) Look for the [ Correct line ] tool group on the tool bar which should be on the right by default. (it should have the icon of image 1).
2) From there, look for the [ Correct line width ] sub tool. Once selected, on the tool property palette you can chose how it should edit the balloon.
I hope this properly answers your question!
I think I have figured out what you actually mean. What I believe you are asking help for, technically could be done using the balloon tool. However, not very well.
If you must use the balloon tool. You can add a transparent/inverted section by going into the balloon tool settings and changing the [ Opacity of ground ] to 1. However, the problem is that it does not add a new outline by doing this.
Instead of using the ballon tool I would recommend drawing a white spot as the text balloon fill. Then go into layer properties palette and turning on [ Border effect ]. After that change the color and increase the size to what you want.
That may seem like a complex alternative, but you can actually turn it into an auto action which simplifies it to the click of a button (learn auto actions I highly reccomend it!).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.757669
Retrieved Text: To graph the equation of a horizontal line, simply plot two points having the y-value of the equation of the horizontal line and draw a line thru the two points. It doesn't matter what the x how to cook a turkey with mayonnaise Description: This CSS example shows how to add vertical separators between the items of a horizontally displayed list. Tutorial created using: Windows XP In another tutorial , we saw how an HTML W list could be displayed horizontally by changing the "display" property for the list items to be "inline".
21/01/2011 · I do have a tablet but I actually just select the line shape from the Draw tab and use my mouse to quickly draw a line. It's not bad - though not quite as easy as just inserting a horizontal line. It's not bad - though not quite as easy as just inserting a horizontal line.
Description: This CSS example shows how to add vertical separators between the items of a horizontally displayed list. Tutorial created using: Windows XP In another tutorial , we saw how an HTML W list could be displayed horizontally by changing the "display" property for the list items to be "inline".

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.724444
Retrieved Text: My girlfriend, the darling over at Spleen Chronicles, was lamenting the lack of line styles in Illustrator today, specifically the ability to put a double-line stroke on a path. I being a big fat cheater, gave her a way to get the effect she was looking for at the expense of the inside area between the two lines not being transparent. After the break you’ll find my walkthrough for the double-line stroke, screenshots are from Illustrator CS4, but it is possible to achieve the same effect in CS3 and perhaps earlier.
To start off, draw a line with the pencil tool or create a shape.
Increase the width of the stroke to accomodate the width of both lines plus the gutter between them, I used 5pt.
Next you need to add a second stroke to the line to serve as the gutter. Click the Add New Stroke button (1), then change the color of the stroke to match your background (2), and set the width to the width you want the gutter (3). You should now have the appearance of a double line stroke!
If you’re noticing and annoyed by a faint line at the end, you can change the cap on the gutter stroke to a round cap and it will disappear.
Thanks for your suggestion, but that doesn’t seem to quite do what I was looking for. I suppose you could remove the line segments on the ends afterwards and achieve the desired look, but you do complicate future editing of the path as that will leave you with

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.713558
Retrieved Text: Take your key and wrap your fishing line around it, start the line through the hole and end it there then tape.
just follow the images(something happened on image 2)?
Add crédit card fresnel lens.
Add piece of dry clay for drinking water.
Add Green clay powder for injury.
A wire saw takes up very little room, and can be extremely useful.
Trash Bag: Although this is an item you see in many households, it can be used for other things besides trash. Just a few examples include a sail, sail sled, kite, fresh water still, water container, floating device, poncho, transportation still, gear bag, lashing material, temporary patch, can be melted and used as an adhesive, camp shower or even as a winter coat.
I've seen the plastic bags used on a few survival kits but I'm still not sure what they are used for, could you please tell me?
To carry some what large amounts of water, rather than your hands or something.
in that case wouldn't something a bit stronger be better? when I read your comment i tested its practibility and the weight of water forced the bag to tear where i was holding it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.710711
Retrieved Text: In this blogpost we will demonstrate the usage of Keils integrated command line functionality. We will start nrfjprog through Keil bindings in order to erase our chip and program SoftDevices.
nrfjprog is a command line tool that Nordic provides, which allows for easy flashing and erasing of firmware onto our chips. This command line tool is automatically installed as part of installing the MDK for each version of the SoftDevice.
Start off by downloading and installing the command line tools executable. I will base this blogpost on SDK 11, if you are using a different SDK version, the file structure might be different.
This will list the different input parameters and other help documentation. If the command line reports that it cannot find the program follow the instructions below in Adding PATH Variables.
Sometimes nrfjprog.exe will not be added to PATH by default, this is how to do it manually. If you are looking for more information on what the PATH variable is, please consult this answer at Superuser.
Then add nrfjprog by adding ´;C:\Program Files (x86)\Nordic Semiconductor\nrf5x\bin´ to the end of the variable value for PATH. Make sure that you add a ; between entries in PATH values, i.e. path1;path2.
Then press OK. Now you will be able to see the help dialog when you type nrfjprog --help in a new command line.
Keil lets you add command line tools directly into the IDE, this makes flashing and erasing a lot quicker, since you only need to use one program.
Next we will create a new tool. Press the new button highlighted below.
Our

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.655498
Retrieved Text: Micro Focus Filr: Give external users a minimalist browser experience. They don't need "MyFiles", "Shared By Me", "NetFolders" etc.
Give external users a minimalist browser experience. They don't need "MyFiles", "Shared By Me", "NetFolders" etc.
At the moment an external user I share something with gets a clunky, non-intuitive browser experience. The thing needs to look pretty and be functional. Strip anything not needed and make it look more like DropBox. You could have admin options for what an external user sees, or you could have relevant browser tabs visible depending on what has been shared.
When we add the ability to share folders externally, the user could see the folder(s) AND what has been shared in a single window, then navigate through the folders.
Bottom line - it aint pretty just now!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.600286
Retrieved Text: To create a ring on pages 17-19 of the book of spells, you must first reflect all 3 pages. To read the code, the symbols must be rearranged to form letters (or numbers).
For example, and O would be 2 moons next to eachother.
There are only 3 types of symbols: Lines (rectangles are the same thing), circles (regardless of size) and crescents (regardless of size).
To help distinguish between letters, each letter MUST end with a filled symbol. Although, there are more filled symbols tossed in there, which doesn't help.
There are 100 lines of text hidden in the code, they each are comprised of either 1 or 2 lines of code. Here's what I've gotten so far. Please add to this so we can complete the list of 100. I may have made errors, so if you think something should read something slightly different, point it out.
88. ?DRAKE? AND SHAKE, YOU CLAIM 88.
I don't wanna do all this decoding by myself, it's taken me hours just to get what i have so far. Please add to this list!!
My theory is that 17-19 are teaching you how to read the code, to solve the more complicated page 16 code.
This is incredible work! Keep it up!
Could you explain what line you start on? I can't replicate your "RING ONE...".
I think listing your alphabet like this will help me go through the code easier. Thanks Mark!
Top line of page 17 but you have to mirror the page, so you would start on the right hand side and work to the left

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.575309
Retrieved Text: Current taking part in playing cards have taken the world by storm and are literally one of many widespread reward devices inside the nation. The combination of the pliability in what receiver experiences of their reward and the personalization by selecting a typical matter that you simply notice the receiver would respect, is what makes this idea so widespread. As with many commodities, there are numerous producers of reward taking part in playing cards and most fundamental retailers and financial institution card companies now carry their very personal line of them. One in every of many further widespread and versatile suppliers is Visa. So the place can one buy a Visa reward card?
There are numerous of places the place one can purchase a Visa reward card on-line. Areas resembling AccountNow, Ace Cash Particular, BabyPhat RushCard, Excella, TransCash and UPsideCard promote them at their web sites. If you happen to occur to hold out a search for any of these names within the numerous search engines like google and yahoo, you may ship up the internet sites of these suppliers the place it’s attainable so that you can to purchase the cardboard. You will want to affix on the provider’s website online enter some main data after which they’re going to ship you the cardboard inside the postal mail. While you receive the cardboard, you’ll have to activate it and fund it (add the dollar amount you should positioned on the cardboard). Your chosen service provider will inform you the actual directions when you receive it inside

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.55546
Retrieved Text: Subscribe to comments with RSS or TrackBack to ' Atlantis VSTi beta 0.9j '.
Good to see the website back up again!
- the env attacks/decays/releases are linear, which is good for pitch modulations, but not for amp and cutoff modulations, etc, it just sounds unnatuaral no matter what. could you maybe implement a “curve” parameter, so that one can shape the curve from inverse exponential over linear to exponential for the attacks/decays/releases? maybe with a modifier-rightclick directly on the line between 2 nodes?
- the modulation of parameters is _always_ bipolar, which might be cool for lfo´s, but definately not for cc´s and env´s. could you maybe add an option for the modulation to be unipolar, when needed? again, maybe with a modifier key > drag, so that the endpoint of the parameter modulation is the target value, and the ammount is the startvalue?
- when using the midi-1 modulator (cc1/modwheel), some parameters have audible jitternoise/steps, which makes it impossible to use it. could you maybe add either a useradjustable lag parameter or add some kind of interpolation, so that these noises don´t occour?
however, should you not want to do this, just ignore my comments.
have a nice time, and thank you again!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.554126
Retrieved Text: Patch adding allows to stage only parts of a file (hunks), not an entire file.
The command line equivalent is the command "git add --patch"
For example if you edit a file on line 20 and make another change on line 40 and now you want to split this changes into two separate commits because they are unrelated to each other you can do this by patch adding the file. It would be nice to have this functionality available inside of Visual Studio.
The same funcionality could be used to automatically include the changed parts of the csproj file when a file is added or deleted, so you never forget to add the csproj file to the corresponding commit.
This would be a great addition to a great tool.
This feature is still sorely missed in Visual Studio 2017.
This is the main feature that keeps me from doing all of my git work in visual studio. This feature is important to a healthy git workflow because it helps you to organize your work into different commits which can pass code review individually without having to do extensive planning in advance. Having this feature means you can bravely refactor code as you are fixing bugs and adding new features without the fear that code review concerns on the refactor could introduce delays for the bug or feature that is needed since you'll be able to easily put those things into two independent commits, if Visual Studio had this feature.
VS Team, this one is very useful, can you implement this, please?
This feature is

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.521842
Retrieved Text: Im trying to create a simple HTTP client with the following code.
So what is causing this error? Is it because the url is not a secured http? Am I using the wrong port? Am I passing the wrong kind of Data?
Could you post the detailed error information. Or you can add breakpoints to debug to find which line codes that caused the problem.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.465606
Retrieved Text: You may not have - the numbers on your meter may have been transposed or hard to read. You could possibly have a leaky toilet or faucet that's difficult to detect. Check out leak troubleshooting in the Conservation Tips section of our Website or call the office and we'll work with you to troubleshoot the problem.
A repair could have been completed recently allowing air to enter the line, causing the milky look. Please contact our office with your concern and we will be happy to check it out.
What chemicals does our utility add to the water?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.44374
Retrieved Text: Hi, Tessa, and thanks. I have been looking into your query, but am not seeing what (I think) you’re describing here. Could you send the same question to customer service, but with a screenshot of what “pops up” and what you mean by not being able to access it? I/we will continue to work with you through e-mail, then post the results here so that Lanning can see the solution, too.
Hi Ossie, I think what Lanning may be referring to is the online shopping link which pops up in the main programme several times. I too have tried to access this several times with no success.
Hi, Lanning, and welcome! I’m not sure I understand what you mean by “online line source…lacking”. Can you describe the problem a little more? I can then forward your query to tech support.
When you enter the Recipes area, you can click on the Snacks icon, and a number of recipes will pop up, not all gluten-free. Of the gluten-free cookies and muffins recipes, you can substitute gluten-free flours with regular whole grain flour – just note that when replacing almond flour/meal, it is recommended to add 1/4 cup of oil for each cup of flour.
I just joined the club and am interested in recipes but not gluten free. The online line source seems to be lacking. Any good snack recipes? I’m eating fruits, veggies, nuts, rice cakes but would like to add cookies or muffins.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.44124
Retrieved Text: I am currently working with a client that is working on a subdivision. I am showing them how to utilize the Create Side Slope in V5 as an option, since they do not have any vertical curves. The tool works great, but I would like to see it add the name from the template to the line work created. This way you could use the Advanced Search feature and search for that name, and place the line work onto the modeling layers that will be used for the surface and for the field.
*What would be nice, is having an option button that allows you to create a layer for that line work based on the name given in the template.* This will help eliminate the steps highlighted above.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.433963
Retrieved Text: Constructing an effective online company these days is instead hard, right? That’s not an overestimation thinking about that 90% of on-line startups stop working and shut their shops within a year or more. I’m going to make a guess right here. You’re reading this short article because of two feasible circumstances. One, you are intending to start an on the internet service yet you are Add Domain Clickfunnels on the best ways to begin. And 2, you already attempted however with very little success. Whichever holds true, you need all the aid you could round up to actually obtain your business concept off the ground.
You see, bulk of those that stop working previous were either doing things the wrong way or they were making use of the wrong tools. In this digital age, online tools and resources play a huge duty in expanding companies. Because they are things that attach your company to your target clients. This brings us to the subject of ClickFunnels which is the topic of this review. The utmost concern is this: “Can you actually grow your organisation and also increase your revenue margins with ClickFunnels?” Well, let’s find out.
What Is Add Domain Clickfunnels?
At its core, ClickFunnels is an on-line sales channel. It assists entrepreneurs in advertising, selling, as well as providing their products and services online. Just what makes ClickFunnels distinct is that it gives customers with many funnel alternatives that were pre-built for particular products, solutions, and also organisation models. That suggests no matter if you are a graphic designer

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.422608
Retrieved Text: I have to type up papers with medical abbreviations. 4 common abbreviations are ā, p, c, s (also with a line over them like the ā). Right now I have to use a text box with the line in it and place that over the letters p, c, and s, set the txt box to be in the background but selectable. Then every time I edit the document the line moves separately from the letter and you can imagine what a pain it is. I'd like to create these characters, add them to special characters and then insert from there.
Does anyone know of a way to do this via special characters or know of another way to accomplish the same thing?
You would either need to create a font and add these characters to it, or find a font that contains these characters already (which I would imagine is possible if they are used commonly in a field).
In terms of accessing the characters, since they will probably be way off in the extended character set and not easily typed, look at the System Preferences > Language & Text settings, on the Text tab, and create a substitution. You could set it so that typing the letter "a" followed by a hyphen and a space substitutes the character "ā", for example.
Look at the answers to this question. Especially useful might be the approach in this answer to edit the values in /System/Library/Input Methods/PressAndHold.app/. You could make it so that holding p would pop up a list of options

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.4181
Retrieved Text: Does anyone have a model built that will convert a PolylineM to point with M-values in the point feature class? I need this to convert M-values to point.
I'm looking for anyone that knows how to convert a polylineM to a point containing the M-values from each vertex in the polylineM layer.
tool and it will extract the xyzm values from a line and add them as attributes to that line feature.
Have you tried ETGeowizard? It does all sorts of conversions, also Polyline to point (vertices), and it can probably also put the M-values into an attribute.
Yes, I've used that before, but what I would like to do is incorporate that conversion into model builder and use it in conjunction with other routines. I'm not sure if I could call that geoprocess from ETGeoWizards in a model. I just downloaded ETGeowizards now and am going to see, but I doubt it since I wouldn't have access to the geoprocessing code used from it.
Okay, that will work, but let me explain what I'm trying to do with those values. After I get them pulled out, I want to label each vertex with it's corresponding M-Value, as a stationing value along that line. Having the attributes on the line segment, will that allow me to do that?
Sure why not? As long as the tool can add the fields to your lines (i.e. run as data owner if in sde) then you can lable like normal, right?
Thanks, David! That did the trick. I'm good to go now.
Awesome, will you mark my

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.395278
Retrieved Text: Following up the popularity of this Customizr snippet Adding a custom social profile link with icon in the header from Nicolas, we created a variation for adding a custom Font Awesome icon for the phone number.
It requires a small function into our child-theme file functions.php.
The following snippet includes all the 3 scenarios: Social Links section in the Header, Footer or Sidebar; just fill in your phone number in the href="tel:+1 123-456-7890".
Eventually the phone number can be also displayed as linked text (between the target="_self">123-456-7890, but since the available space for Social Icons is limited you’ll have to style it accordingly.
Note: To use additional Font Awesome icons we need to enable them through the customize option panel.
Add it to your child-theme functions.php and to your style.css.
Try repeating only this line as shown below.
How can i add two or more social links in footer please share code for that ?
Please post your functions.php. Which is line 10. Which version are you using?
Can’t find the problem, what am I doing wrong?
It will be easier to diagnose if you give the screenshot of the functions.php around line 18.
This could be due to missing quotes or some typo in line 18 or earlier.
Try commenting out line 18 or the entire function my_custom_credits and check if the issue persists. This will help in finding what went wrong.
Hi Menaka, thanks for your reply. Yes that was the issue. I was able to get back to my dashboard by calling my hosting company, and yes it worked when added to the functions.php only. Thank

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.392814
Retrieved Text: Artist Paul Klee said ‘a line is a dot that went for a walk’. This is often what happens with a doodle…you don’t plan to draw, your pencil just seems to wander off across the paper. This drawing is made from an almost unbroken line that makes a series of round-cornered boxes. The artist then added stick legs and eyes to make the shapes into a quirky character.
Why not have a go at taking a dot for a walk? Don’t plan your picture. Just let your pencil wander randomly. See what happens when you add eyes, arms and legs to your doodle.
Artist Scottie Wilson has used a page in his sketchbook to try out colours. He was probably mixing colours for a painting and wanted to see if they were the right shade.
But can you also spot, among the colourful blobs, a doodle bird and some doodle fish? Blob some colour to your doodles and check out the results.
When we doodle we aren’t really aware of what we are drawing. Doodles can sometimes be pretty strange and surreal. Look at this drawing by David Shrigley.
What weird and wonderful pictures lie buried in your head? Try drawing without thinking too much about it and see what happens.
Some doodles start as a small shape and then grow, and grow and GROW. Artist Bernard Cohen used an abstract shape as his starting point and then drew around it again and again until he had a pattern of contours. Can you spot the beginning of these layered wiggly lines?
You try

================



======= Instance Index 6813 =========
Input Text: What is the opposite of deep?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- frivolous
- shallow
- high
- light
- funny

Target Text: high

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.709745
Retrieved Text: Trucks looking very smart Andy .
Have a safe trip and enjoy Cornwall , the meet is looking good, please do a review on the fish and chips so that I can sample them next time I am in the area.
Unfortunately we aren’t going to make it: combination of Dad going back into hospital sooner than expected and needing to get girls off to the airport.
Really disappointed to miss this one.
I hope that sometime in the future me and de mrs can attend.
NickBristol sorry to hear you can’t make it maybe next? Hope your dad gets well soon Being a sewage diver at least I know how deep the 💩 will be at work today.
TDI4 would be a pleasure to have you at a gathering Being a sewage diver at least I know how deep the 💩 will be at work today.
That’s a what you coming in instead?
Will reserve you a place at the opposite side of the car park Being a sewage diver at least I know how deep the 💩 will be at work today.
Two spaces on the opposite side of the car park is it Being a sewage diver at least I know how deep the 💩 will be at work today.
Started another job on Friday so we won't be coming tomorrow.
Sorry to hear that you can’t make it Badger maybe next time Being a sewage diver at least I know how deep the 💩 will be at work today.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.343229
Retrieved Text: Chin to Chest. Think Anterior Neck muscle cracking a walnut.
Chin rotates to side. Think Lateral Neck muscle to graze chin to Shoulder.
Chin pulls up to the sky. Think Opposite Posterior-Lateral muscles pulls Head up.
Chin rotates to opposite side. Think Deep Neck muscles to rotate the Neck to opposite side.
Chin pull down. Think same side Lateral-Anterior neck muscles pull chin to Shoulder.
Chin rotates to the middle. Think Deep Neck muscles to rotate the Neck to opposite side.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.928057
Retrieved Text: The Deep is the world’s only submarium and is one of the most dramatic aquariums in the world.
The Deep is home to 12 different species of shark and more than 3,500 fish. The Deep is also a centre for marine research, and a team of marine biologists look after all of the animals as well as carrying out vital research into the marine environment.
The main attraction is a ten metre deep pool containing 2.5 million litres of water, each afternoon a show dive is performed where the dive team feeds the sharks and rays by hand. The Deep also contains Europe’s deepest viewing tunnel and a spectacular glass lift ride through the 10m tank.
The Deep is located within walking distance from the City Centre on the bank of the River Humber. A new pedestrian and cycle bridge provides a link to and from The Deep to the old town museum quarter and city centre shops.
Although every attempt is made to keep queues to a minimum, please be aware that there will be a queuing system on busy days. We strongly recommend visitors to arrive at The Deep after 2pm on a weekend or school holiday days to avoid the crowds. We are a 2 – 3 hour attraction and do not close until 6pm so there is plenty of time to enjoy The Deep.
The Deep has its own car park with space for 280 vehicles. The cost is £3 per vehicle for a 6 hour period.
Number 49 from Hull interchange which will bring you to The

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.876633
Retrieved Text: Image notes: Tree with medium-sized deep maroon pea-like flowers. Leaves opposite. Leaflets large, serrated.
Notes: Tree with medium-sized deep maroon pea-like flowers. Leaves opposite. Leaflets large, serrated.
Bingham, M.G., Willemen, A., Wursten, B.T., Ballings, P. and Hyde, M.A. (2019). Flora of Zambia: Species information: individual images: Markhamia zanzibarica.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.744938
Retrieved Text: Lush green natural beauty is what Hurricane Point in Chikhaldhara located in the Amravati district in Maharashtra offers. There is a garden here overlooking the deep valley opposite to it. An incredible view is what this point endows us with. Before seeing other places in this place we suggest visitors start their day by spending half an hour close to nature and its limitless creations.
Stay available in Chikhaldhara in Harshvarshan hotel and Jai Bahavai tourist hotel. The ideal time to visit this charmingly beautiful place is during monsoon mornings. Enjoy the experience of being here.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.731848
Retrieved Text: Spider-Man, Spider-Man, does whatever a spider can … but what’s the opposite of Spider-Man? Find out on this week’s episode of the podcast where we work out the opposite of things that don’t have a natural opposite. And along the way, we’ll also work out the opposite of a suggestion, and of Deep Space Nine.
So, are we right? Or are we the opposite of right? Let us know, and make your own suggestions for future episodes, because that’s half the fun of the fair.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.612721
Retrieved Text: Esk Falls are deep in the ravine, out of sight. Two people are stopped on the path opposite. They had been walking steadily until they saw what was to come, and stopped for an animated discussion. I do not know if they continued along the path. Once they got out their sandwiches I decided I could wait no longer. The drop below the path just to the right of centre is every bit as steep as it looks. Larger version of this picture.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.493296
Retrieved Text: Archetypes have transformational potential. If you can work with archetypes, learn to recognize them, you will gain new insights about psyche and the nature of reality, change your perceptions and gain clarity.
Spiritual ideological advancement, focus, knowledge, self empowerment can be accessed. Archetypes empower creativity and inspiration by traveling into the deep layers of the psyche.
Like intuition, working with archetypes is a skill.
For me working with archetypes is a means, an inspiring ritual for creative use.
Archetypes allow a profound experience, sharpen perception, widen our perspective. Archetypes can transcend opposites. Like Shamans, we can embark on a visionary journey into the underworld, experiencing death and rebirth, bring back a transformational gift.
There are many modern variations of that journey and the goal is to eventually become fluent in archetypes and symbols. If we learn to expand consciousness and reconnect to our bodies we move easy, almost bounce around between the ever-changing archetypes running through us, rather than getting dragged clumsily by circumstances seemingly beyond our control. We can develop our own management system - like the old Greeks who knew that every God needs to be served or like good actors who are able to bring forth every energy and the right intensity as well.
In every culture there is a map so one can learn one’s way around in the archetypal dimension. Sometimes this energetic work has to do with exploring the opposite, what actors call – playing the opposite. There is always an opposite, the shadow. Or the light, if you move in the shadow. If we are

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.292758
Retrieved Text: Harry’s chart shows a challenging opposition between Chiron (wounding and healing) and Uranus (electromagnetic energy field). This aspect is quite common in those born between the mid 1950s and the mid 1980s, but no one else alive today has it. Individuals with this chart dynamic are typically extremely sensitive energetically and born healers. They have an ability to transmute energy and tend to operate in this way no matter what their chosen profession. We can see this in some of Harry’s : “It’s really important to speak out. If you keep concerns to yourself for weeks, months or years, they become a real problem. It is not weakness. It is strength to come forward, talk about it and move on.” This is Chiron speaking.
Most recently Harry has been speaking out about mental illness, revealing the depression he experienced after the death of his mother in 1997. During the few years after Diana’s death Harry went through a large number of difficult planetary cycles: Chiron (soul wounding) opposite Saturn (challenge and depression), Saturn opposite Pluto (death and transformation), Pluto opposite Chiron (the excavation of the soul wounds), Saturn opposite Saturn (crisis and restabilization), Chiron square Sun (emergence of a wound to the identity), Uranus square Moon (lack of stability and need to break from established patterns), Chiron conjunct Mars (a challenge to one’s ability to take care of one’s own needs), Saturn conjunct Chiron (the forced exposure of one’s inner wounds for healing). This is a lot of hard stuff to work through, especially for a young

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.269644
Retrieved Text: What do Derek Jeter, David Wright and Albert Pujols have in common? They all let the ball get ‘deep’. What does that mean you ask? Letting a ball get deep in the strike zone means simply hitting the ball later. Too many young hitters are told to ‘go get the ball.’ In our training facility we teach all our hitters how to hit to the opposite field. Players think if they don’t get the ball early they’ll get jammed. That is simply not true. If you lunge or chop down on the ball you are taking your hands away from your body and creating a swing that is simply too long. If you learn to rotate your body instead of going forward you will keep your hands ‘inside’ the ball and you won’t get jammed. No matter what pitch you swing at, you must keep your hands inside the ball to be successful. How does Derek Jeter hit so many inside pitches to right field? He pulls his hands inside the ball.
Look at your son or daughters swing. Do they get jammed a lot? As a right-handed hitter do you hit a lot of groundballs to the shortstop? Can you hit the ball to right field at will, and with power?
Learning how to go to right field will increase your bat speed. By allowing the ball to ‘get deep’ in the strike zone, you are learning to hit the ball later, getting better rotation with your body and increasing your bat speed and power. This type

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.246145
Retrieved Text: Spotted this guy coming down the river this past summer and land on a tree on the opposite side. I set down my rod and scrambled across the waist deep hole to catch him. Ruined the fishing in that spot but was well worth it, I think.
I find myself frequently setting down my rod to chase around bugs coming off the water or to flip over the rocks in the water.
Very nice work on the photos! It is always good to take some time to look around and see what is going on in and around the water.
Very nice Tyler, here is my imitation of the adult.
truth is what appears above water isnt always what things look like at 5-6 knots and under water...???

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.206768
Retrieved Text: Marshall Goldsmith, America's best-known executive coach, recently interviewed Dr. Thomas about his work with executives. The article appears on BusinessWeek.com. Read the article.
"Dr. Thomas reaches all members of his audience and inspires them to look deep inside to understand themselves, their tendencies, and how they can fulfill their relationships, both personal and professional."
"Opposite Strengths, Not Strengths and Weaknesses"
You found Dr. Thomas and liked what you saw. Now share his site with someone you know.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.174783
Retrieved Text: The Christian way of doing things is the opposite of what the world things is successful. We don’t use our elbows to get ahead. And we don’t sweet talk our way to the top. Instead, we are called to love others as we love ourselves. And love does not give us permission to selfishness. Instead, it urges us to become deep-spirited friends.
We can leave coldness, selfishness, and hate at the foot of the cross. When we do this, God’s grace empowers us to live a life of love instead. We are called to love our brothers and sisters, neighbours, even our enemies. God wants the best for us and being friends, especially deep-spirited friends, is the best life can offer.
Friends are gifts from God. So, if you do not have any deep-spirited friends, ask God to send you a new friend. Meanwhile, spend lots of time with the ultimate friend, Jesus. He will make you more loving, grace-filled, and ready for becoming deep-spirited friends when the time is right. Then you can keep on pushing each other to grow closer to God. And have the time of your life while doing it.
Thank you for the gift of friendships.
make us ready for being deep-spirited friends.
Q4U: Do you have deep-spirited friends? Do they help you to grow in grace?
Be blessed, my fellow pilgrim, as you grace empowers you to live a life of love!
Image courtesy of Tim Pirfält, design by Mari-Anna Stålnacke. Linking up today with Dance with Jesus, Five-minute Friday.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.035293
Retrieved Text: deep cleaning teeth at home should be done with a constant frequency. Do you agree? You can do the cleaning yourself or involve professional companies for this. But, in any case, you should know the following principles of cleaning.
The philosophy of deep cleaning teeth at home.
And the opposite. If you see a clean workplace or a clean apartment, then know that this person has cleanliness in his head! And deep cleaning teeth at home fits this philosophy.
By doing deep cleaning teeth at home, you will induce hygiene and because of this you will become healthier. And deep cleaning teeth at home fits this philosophy in the same way.
Types of deep cleaning teeth at home.
Also, cleaning is dry and wet. Including it concerns deep cleaning teeth at home.
Life hacking at deep cleaning teeth at home.
Now you can turn to deep cleaning teeth at home.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.991122
Retrieved Text: All this advice and none of this advice works for someone. The key is really understanding what your goals are, what your truth is, and your real challenges. Whether it’s finding a love relationship or healing a friendship or even repairing a marriage there is not one answer or one way to create the experience you want. Many times what people feel comfortable doing is the exact opposite of what will bring them the relationships they desire.
On Monday February 11th at 10 am MST I will be doing a free live online workshop with Jondi Whitis where we deep dive into your specific relationship goals and give you the clear and specific steps to create that experience. Instead of random feel good advice we will look at your challenges and give you the intuitive guidance and actual tools to help you stop whatever old patterns or loops are preventing you from having the relationships you desire.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.973473
Retrieved Text: a) what is the possibility to get at least one king.
b) what is the possibility to get two kings.
Basketball Tournament organizers decided that two consecutive defeats will knock out the team. There are 51 teams participating. What is the maximum no. of matches that can be played.
There are 2 guards Bal and Pal walking on the side of a wall of a warehouse (12m X 11m) in opposite directions. They meet at a point and Bal says to Pal "See you again in the other side". After a few moments of walking Bal decides to go back for a smoke but he changes his direction again to his previous one after 10 minutes of walking in the other (opposite) direction remembering that Pal will be waiting for to meet. If Bal and Pal walk 8 and 11 feet respectively, how much distance they would have traveled before meeting again.
A gardener has a peculiar way of planting trees. He plants 100 ft. towards east, then he plants 100ft. towards north 100ft. towards west, 98fts towards south. From that 98fts towards east, from that point 96fts towards north. When a man starts walking in the middle of the path outside garden. What is the total distance he traveled to reach the centre.
A tank can be filled by pipe A in 30 minutes and by pipe B in 24 minutes. Outlet pipe C can empty the full tank in X minutes.
If the tank is empty initially and if all the three pipes A, B and C are opened simultaneously,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.957098
Retrieved Text: DID YOU KNOW? ANSWER THESE QUESTIONS from the three Volumes of the Massage and Health Series.
Q What is this chapter called?
Q The definition of a Therapeutic Massage as done by a Health Club Massage Therapist differs from that of an Aro-health Massage Therapist. Can you pinpoint the difference?
A The definition of a THERAPEUTIC MASSAGE AS done by a HEALTH CLUB Massage Therapist is A combination of Deep Tissue, Myofascial Release and Trigger Point Massage. Aro-healing’s definition of a Therapeutic Massage as done by an Aro-health Massage Therapist is a combination of Aro-healing’s thumb-pressure Technique, Aro—Reflex Stimulation and Aro-healing’s Touch Therapy.
Q What does deep tissue massage require?
A Deep tissue massage requires an understanding of anatomy and physiology.
Q What is Fitness Kickboxing?
A Fitness Kickboxing is a combination of Martial Arts, Kickboxing and Aerobics. It is a workout that can improve strength, co-ordination and balance.
Q What is a digon?
A A digon is a closed polygon with two corners and two sides.
Q Name 5 characteristics of diagonal lines.
A Diagonal lines are more dramatic than horizontal or vertical lines, unbalanced and filled with restless and uncontrolled energy, rise or fall and convey action and motion. Their kinetic energy and movement creates tension and excitement.
A 1. Connecting two non-adjacent angles or vertices of a polygon or polyhedron, as a straight line.
2. Extending from one edge of a solid figure to an opposite edge, as a plane; having an oblique direction.
3. Manège. (Of a horse at a trot) the foreleg and the hind leg, diagonally opposite, which move forward simultaneously.
4. Chess—one of the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.942918
Retrieved Text: Deep penetrating dermatofibroma is a histologically distinctive variant of dermatofibroma that generally occurs on the lower extremities of adults. The tumor penetrates into the subcutis extending along the septae. The clinicopathological distinction between deep penetrating dermatofibroma extending into the subcutis and dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) may be challenging. Immunohistochemically, the tumor cells of dermatofibroma stain for Factor XIIIa and are negative for CD34. DFSP shows the opposite staining profile.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.941854
Retrieved Text: Did you realise that you may not be able to sleep because you’re not breathing fully? Short, shallow breathing increases the heart rate and makes your mind race, and slow, deep rhythmic breathing has the opposite affect.
It therefore makes sense that deep breathing helps you sleep better.
When you try to take a deep breath in, do your shoulders end up around your ears and your stomach pulls in? Do you feel like you can’t take a deep breath because your body is rigid and it won’t allow you to expand the rib cage?
In my book, Breathe Better Sleep Better, I’ve outlined a special practice called ‘The Breath Liberation Practice’. It helps you free up the breathing mechanism in order to make space for the breath.
The starting point, before anything else, is posture. There is little point in doing breathing exercises if your body can’t actually take a deep breath because of the rigidity. In my video below, I’m sharing a very special technique that corrects your posture and opens up the whole of your thoracic cavity. You’ll be able to breathe like you’ve never breathed before.
Do this practice every morning for 10 minutes. You’ll become conscious of what good breathing feels like and start your day with a quiet mind.
You can find the whole Breath Liberation Practice in my book plus a comprehensive five week plan where I take you through all the different healing aspects of the breath step by step. The breath affects your ability to nourish and detoxify the system as well as

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.918196
Retrieved Text: What is the inspiration to your business? Does it matter? In this episode I deep dive into what had Tilde go from a career in the military and airline traffic control to building an empowering woman organization, Womanars.com The answer was inspiration.
The Winners Edge is not always about a strategy, it usually is a calling to do something bigger.
Her story is inspirational. Starting and growing a business can be risky, Entrepreneurship is the OPPOSITE of school teachings.
In addition, women can be mean. (There I said it!) I personally share about a private situation that has happened to me recently by a large women organization. That situation has taught me to come out from behind the curtain and share my personal experiences and judgement I have had from other woman organizations.
This is my last show for the 2016 season. Enjoy!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.909009
Retrieved Text: What exercises should I do for muscle pain in the back?
Like most health issues, it requires a little more information to answer with any authority.
If you mean muscle pain in your lower back, then doing gentle rotation stretches with the painful side down (lying on sore side, shoulders flat, opposite leg rolling over to floor) can open up the painful side of the spine which means less joint and nerve compression, and less pain.
Coupling this with some core exercises (exercises utilising the deep abdominal and lower back muscles to stabilise spine while adding challenges to body position) like bridging with your feet on a fitball (laying on your back) or simply position yourself on hands and knees with knees together and try to raise one arm at a time without moving your trunk or hips side to side (harder than it sounds). Ensure you're only engaging the deepest muscles by "drawing" lower belly in, don't tense/brace or bear down.
If your pain is more in the upper back it could be postural, so being more aware of time spent on devices (facebook-itis), or computer, and doing regular stretches for your Pec muscles (arms up on corner of room and lean in) and postural holds (back against a wall, pull shoulders and head back gently until you feel tightness between shoulder blades) and holding for a minute, several times throughout the day. If you're a gym type person, add in some seated row, reverse flies or similar back exercises to strengthen the muscles that support this area.
Don't forget

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.90049
Retrieved Text: You can use Tinder for any of the above reasons, but it pays to be clear with yourself and everyone else; if you know exactly what you're looking for, you'll have a better chance of finding it. If you're not looking for anything more than hooking up, you should make that clear, ideally in your bio ("not looking for anything serious," "seeking hook ups") or at least once you start chatting to your matches (more on that below). If you're looking to date seriously, that should also be immediately evident to anyone interacting with you.
The downsides: There aren't really any filters other than preferred gender and age, which is pretty broad — so half of the people who Happn suggests to you might hate all of the things you like, have opposite political views, or just be the opposite of your type in general. Of course, you can swipe to avoid matching, but it would obviously be nice to narrow options down a little more.
Potential matches are made immediately and provided continually while you are logged in.  The Pure apps minimal profiles and complete info deletion every hour ensures a high level of anonymity.  All profiles, chats and data are deleted every hour.  This time limitation encourages fast communication and on the spot adventures, however, it does lead to a smaller number of active users at any one given time.  The limited profile allows for only one photo even though many people like to provide and view many pics.  While free, the app does require you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.894929
Retrieved Text: It has alternate (not opposite) leaves with 5 lobes with 2 deep clefts between the 3 center lobes. It is growing behind a pot, by a garden bed. It has already grown at least 3 feet this season and is at least 6 feet tall. Is it a weed? Leaves look like silver maple but are not opposite but alternate, and a little like okra or papaya leaves. Note that the orange flowers in the picture don't belong to it.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.864301
Retrieved Text: A sophisticated, exotic garden - at the fringe of an imaginary world - where shimmering flowers are rendered in the color of pink flamingos and dance like butterflies. Coral, white and deep green color Miami's floral design. An all over subdued geometric design is discovered on the opposite side of most items and is the only print found on fitted sheets. Coverlets are quilted in a dainty 4-petal flower. Shown with Triomphe in blush.
A sophisticated, exotic garden - at the fringe of an imaginary world - where shimmering flowers are rendered in the color of pink flamingos and dance like butterflies. Coral, white and deep green color Miami's floral design. An all over subdued geometric design is discovered on the opposite side of most items and is the only print found on fitted sheets. Coverlets are quilted in a dainty 4-petal flower. Shown with Triomphe in blush. 100% long-staple combed cotton Printed sateen Duvet Cover, Shams & Decorative Pillow: piped finish Flat Sheet: all over floral front; top turnover in geometric print Fitted Sheet: all over geometric print Made in France Most items: Machine wash warm, gentle. See product label for exact care instructions.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.860092
Retrieved Text: The 'being of love' in this indication is you yourself, but in a deep meaning it's also the whole universe. This is according to the deepest possible meditation, namely that in which arises an obvious feeling of unity of yourself with everything around you. You reach the feeling that 'God is everything' and 'God is love', without that this implies a judgment about who or what 'God' is . The logical consequence is that you, too eventually exist of nothing but love.
Such meditations can, of course, put your whole life in another daylight. It's possible that this leads you to a very serious change in your life. According to me, one should always be open to this, but don't proceed too quickly. Regardless of how deep an experience may be, what's important is how that gains a place within yourself, or: how the experience(s) and you are integrated. This can demand some time, but if the experience is real, then you have that time. 'Impatience' is a sign of the opposite.
Try not to enforce anything. Apparently this is about something special like a 'peak experience' that can be different for everyone. Sometimes it's not apparent at the moment that something special is happening, but it then comes to you afterwards. It is best to simply be open to what automatically arises within you sooner or later.
It's worth the effort to look for someone with whom you can speak about your experiences at a sufficiently deep level. It's also important to actually do this. If you don't

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.842145
Retrieved Text: Makeup is something that is used to hide flaws and complement naturally beautiful features. However, in some cases, simply using foundation, blush, and concealer isn’t enough. In situations where you’re on-stage, in films, on TV, or in a photo shoot, a more powerful and effective type of makeup is necessary. Having a color corrector palette is the perfect solution when you need a flawless looking skin tone—even in front of HD cameras. However, it is very important to make sure that you know exactly how to use your palette to yield the best results.
A color corrector palette is based on the principle that each color has its exact color opposite. When colors that are the exact opposite mix, they cancel each other out. This means that unwanted colors in the skin (such as dark purple undereye circles, yellow bruises, and red undertones) can disguised using the right colored makeup. In a color corrector palette, all the colors needed to conceal typically skin flaws are included—just make sure to get the right palette! Some color correctors are meant for darker skin tones, while others are meant for lighter skin.
What Are the Colors in The Palette Used For?
Green - Hides red undertones.
Yellow - Gets rid of purple undereye circles and deep red discoloration.
Orange – Hides any blueness in the skin.
Pink - Adds brightness where it’s needed.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.830718
Retrieved Text: - What does authenticity mean in a time where digital technology permeates every aspect of our lives?
The everyday connotations of the original, the real, sincere, valid, historical or deep are well-known, and the opposite of the authentic may then be the superficial, false, not-what-it-seems, or just new. Nonetheless 'the real thing’ is still a fruitful starting point to analyze changes in the post-digital society. Digital technology is embedded in almost every personal relationship, in labour conditions, and in aesthetic practices. What does this mean for the 'authentic'? To unfold the nuances of the concept of contemporary authenticity this book aims to bring together different thinkers to reflect on the meaning of the authentic now. As a process and as a fluid and performative scheme to be enacted at any time—not just in terms of art and art making but flowing into every single nook of contemporary life, from the intimate to the public.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.81814
Retrieved Text: I have found that few things compare with the deep satisfaction that comes from a job well done. I’ve also tasted the opposite: at the beginning of my work career I gave half-hearted effort to whatever job I had, and reaped nothing but dissatisfaction and unhappiness with circumstances and self.
So how does one get to taste this deep and gratifying feeling of satisfaction? The first part of the answer is easy: it’s spelled HW, which stands for hard work. But Christian workers have the capacity for even greater satisfaction when they recognize the need for God’s blessing on their hard work, pray for this blessing, and when they receive it and success comes, give God the glory. Then they have the added satisfaction of knowing they have participated in what God has done—and that they have pleased Him by giving Him the glory.
This didn’t happen in my life for many a year. Yes, I prayed and worked hard, and God blessed my hard work and gave me much success—which I then chalked up to personal effort and clever decisions. I don’t do this anymore. I still give my work my total effort, I still pray for God’s blessing, and still receive it; but now I give Him the glory, and that adds to my satisfaction. Dear Christian, do likewise and taste deep and rewarding satisfaction.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.815413
Retrieved Text: A must read for every smart and honest person.
Sometimes, even conservatives portray the deep state as nothing more than dumb, inefficient bureaucracy. In fact, it’s the opposite; the deep state is intentional, unconstitutional, and organized.
As chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Chaffetz was the tip of the spear challenging the deep state and trying to hold them accountable. He and his colleagues took on the powerful forces at the IRS, the EPA, the DOJ, the Department of State, and more. The deeper he dove in, the more shocking he found the brazen approach by the power brokers.
The balance of power has shifted. The deep state has gotten used to operating anonymously and without consequence. This is a problem bigger than we can even imagine and getting worse. Unless we do something dramatic to wrest back control, we risk losing the ability to successfully challenge wrongdoing by the most powerful bureaucracy in the world.
In Deep State, Chaffetz highlights the deep state’s tactics, illuminates the problems, and offers a way to fight back and win. It is important to expose the stories, but if the American people are going to win, Congress is going to have to do things differently.
This audiobook helps the concerned citizen understand what must be done - so they can demand real change.
Jason Chaffetz knows first hand about how the Deep State operates. He lays out how money is wasted by the various departments... billions per department, how cronizm is alive and well, and his own experience trying to find out what really happened

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.794334
Retrieved Text: Deep Tissue means vertical pressure downward into the muscles. Leveraging her body weight, the massage therapist applies precise pressure and waits for her hand or arm to move, which signals that the muscle has released.
Within Deep Tissue there are a number of techniques, the most common of which is probably cross fiber friction. Cross fiber work involves applying the stroke in the opposite direction of the muscle fibers with slight movement back and forth to break up tension.

================



======= Instance Index 8851 =========
Input Text: Where should you find a school in?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- residential neighborhood
- mosque
- every city
- prague
- community

Target Text: every city

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.7119875
Retrieved Text: How many days of school can you miss - How many?
August 7, 2018 admin How many?
1 Why should I know how many days of school can you miss?
2 How do I know how many days of school can you miss?
how many days of school can you miss is one of the most frequently asked questions.
Why should I know how many days of school can you miss?
He who owns the information, owns the world – said V.Cherchill. Today the information lies around, so this phrase would sound like this: Не who knows where to find information, owns the world. Therefore, to answer the question how many days of school can you miss you need to know where to find the answer to it.
How do I know how many days of school can you miss?
Today, there are many calculators for converting one value to another and vice versa. At the touch of a button, you can find out how many days of school can you miss. To do this, you need to write in the search box (for example, google) how many days of school can you miss and add to it an additional word: converter or calculator . Choose the calculator you like. And with his help find out how many days of school can you miss.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.695012
Retrieved Text: How many credits to graduate high school in oregon - How many?
1 Why should I know how many credits to graduate high school in oregon?
2 How do I know how many credits to graduate high school in oregon?
how many credits to graduate high school in oregon is one of the most frequently asked questions.
Why should I know how many credits to graduate high school in oregon?
He who owns the information, owns the world – said V.Cherchill. Today the information lies around, so this phrase would sound like this: Не who knows where to find information, owns the world. Therefore, to answer the question how many credits to graduate high school in oregon you need to know where to find the answer to it.
How do I know how many credits to graduate high school in oregon?
Today, there are many calculators for converting one value to another and vice versa. At the touch of a button, you can find out how many credits to graduate high school in oregon. To do this, you need to write in the search box (for example, google) how many credits to graduate high school in oregon and add to it an additional word: converter or calculator . Choose the calculator you like. And with his help find out how many credits to graduate high school in oregon.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.460012
Retrieved Text: Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school" By Albert Einstein. Schools in Andhra Pradesh is the first stair of education for children. School of Andhra Pradesh is not the only school, it's where children learn to live a life, it's where children find the path to virtue. So schools help to build the base of children's life in Andhra Pradesh. There are many stages of schools in Andhra Pradesh but generally include like pre-school for kids, the primary school for younger children and secondary school for teenager. For finding the school, parents of Andhra Pradesh should focus on many things like education structure, staff and administration, etc. Here you will find good schools like , Kotwals School, Blooming Buds High School. School education is helpful for every phase of your life, so students should focus on it. Good schooling of children in Andhra Pradesh help to make the bright future.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.118983
Retrieved Text: 156 questions found in 0.001 secs.
How do you create a front page newspaper on julius ceasr?
write an essay for my school newspaper what should I use??
I have to write an essay for my school newspaper but I;m not sure what I should write about. Have any ideas??
Where to find a uk newspaper online from 1996?
I was in the newspaper when I was born in 1996 is there a good website where I can find this?
What section of the newspaper has movie postings?
What's a funny prank for the newspaper?
I need to pull a funny, inthe newspaper, never to 4get prank!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.037175
Retrieved Text: We all desire that children should attend the best schools where all the right values are imparted and he/she grows up to be a well-rounded individual. How do you choose the best school for your child? Here are some tips to help you choose.
When your child is school age, you are faced with the task of choosing a crèche, pre-school, nursery/primary or secondary school.
There are various things to consider when it comes to choosing the best school for your child. There is no one size fits all.
There is a good school on every budget. The more expensive fees are should not be the only parameter on which you decide if a school is good or not. While the cost of education is one of the major costs parents will face, there is no need to go bankrupt to send your child to school. Make sure you are getting value for your money. How much do they charge? what do the fees cover and more.
Is it better to choose one closest to the house? Or will it be more convenient to have one near the office? (For Lagos residents the notorious traffic will really influence the choice of school based on traffic).
There is no right or wrong answer here, but put the child’s comfort in mind and ensure that it is easy for a parent or family member to get to school when needed.
The standards of the school across academics, morals and extra-curricular should be assessed. How caring are the teachers and caregivers. It is important to

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.786887
Retrieved Text: Question: My mother is going to start homeschooling me, and I want a nice outfit to wear with the school logo and so on. Anyone know where I can get one made? Please help! Thanks!! I know. Last time I was homeschooled, that's what I did. But I just want an outfit. Something to show where I go to school and so on. School pride. Might not make since to people, but it means alot to me.
Best Answers: Starting homeschooling. Want a school outfit. Anyone know where I can get one made?
It's nice that you want to take homeschooling as seriously as going out to school. If you have the logo on your computer, you can buy paper that goes in a regular printer, print out your logo and iron it on any shirt or pants. You can find this paper at Office Max or a place like that. It's really cheap and fun to use. And you can machine wash and dry it, too. Or, find a school or dance supply store in your town that does embroidery. They can embroider your logo on something. Look up "lettermen jackets" or "letter jackets" online to find a place near you. This will be more expensive but it'll look official.
Originally Answered: Starting homeschooling. Want a school outfit. Anyone know where I can get one made?
Go to a uniform store (for schools) and have them make up a logo with your school name (whats its name anyhow?). The uniform will cost you quite a bit though.. So you

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.782686
Retrieved Text: APPOINTMENTS - How can I notify you of a doctor/dentist appointment?
Evidence will need to be provided of the appointment (eg, copies of headed doctors/hospital letters, appointment cards, appointment confirmation texts or copies of prescriptions). NOTE: the absence will remain unauthorised until evidence has been received.
Please try to arrange medical and dental appointments after school whenever possible. Students must attend lessons before and after any appointment whenever possible.
You can find out more information on our Reporting an Absence page.
BEHAVIOUR - How do you deal with good/bad behaviour?
We have various procedures in place – you can find out more in our Behaviour policy.
BULLYING - What is your procedure on bullying?
We have various anti-bullying measures in place – you can find out more in our Anti-Bullying policy.
CATERING - How do I pay for catering?
Innovate use a biometric cashless payment system. Students pay for their lunch by placing their finger on scanners at the tills. This makes for speedier transactions (so less queues!) and ensures that parents/carers can see what their children are buying and eating. Your child’s digital signature is linked to your ParentPay account. You will need to add money to ParentPay and keep the account credited.
CHANGE OF ADDRESS - I have moved house. Is there a form I need to complete?
Yes. Please complete a Change of Address Form.
DETENTIONS - What is the procedure?
We have various procedures for Detention which can take place at break time or after school. You can find out more about our procedure for this in our Behaviour Policy.
EXAMS - Where can I find

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.663106
Retrieved Text: One of the best ways to find the best nursery school for your kid is by getting referrals from your family members, friends and colleagues. Especially from those who have kids that go to a nursery school in your area. Doing so will not only help you get a list of top nursery schools in your area, but they will also guide you about the quality of the nursery schools where they send their children.
In case, you have moved to a new locality or you are not able to get any good referrals from the people you know, still you can search for good nursery schools in your area easily by searching for them online. By searching for ‘nursery schools in your area’ you will be able to find details of nurseries that operate in your locality. Make a list of nursery schools that you find in the first 2 pages of your search result.
Next, find out about the reputation of the nursery schools that are there in your list. There are a number of early education discussion boards where you can find reviews about the nursery schools that you are interested in choosing for your child. Make sure that you only select a nursery school that has received maximum number positive reviews. You should also consider the qualification and experience of their staff before making a decision. Find out here now and get started with registering your child at a reputable nursery school in your area.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.547511
Retrieved Text: Maybe you have the ambition to pursue a career in online marketing. Then you should search for the best school that offers these courses. You will, therefore, require to look for the factors that will guide you. To achieve academic excellence you should enroll in internet marketing course at the best institution. The goal is to get the qualification to begin working in the digital marketing field. Continue reading to find out the essentials of finding the best school offering internet marketing courses.
To determine where to enroll in the internet marketing courses you should choose a certified institution. The idea is to see if the governments approve this school to offer these courses. Hence, to be approved a school must adhere to the set rules and regulations by the government. For example, the school must have professors teaching online marketing courses. Hence, when searching for the best school offering internet marketing courses, you should check the certification documents.
The reputation is the other factor that will guide you know the leading online marketing training school near you. You should aim to know the comments people have about various schools offering these courses. The idea is to know the school that many people recommend as the best in digital marketing training. Thus, employers are keen to hire graduates of the top digital marketing training institution. Hence, you should seek other people’s recommendations to determine the number one school offering internet marketing courses.
The mode of teaching the diploma in digital marketing is the other factor that will aid you

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.48605
Retrieved Text: If you are looking to enter into the barbering industry, there are some things that you need to consider before enrolling in a barber school for training. Here is what you need to know about choosing the right barber school.
Before you choose a barber school, you should consider your goals and what field you want to venture in. This will enable you to choose a barber school that offers courses which aligns with your career goals.
Inquire about the services and courses offered by the school to help you decide if they are right for you. A good school will ensure that they equip you with the right skills and information so that you can become successful in your career. You may need to consider the duration of the program especially if you want to start your career right away. If you are currently working or have a busy schedule, it is crucial to select a program that will fit well with your lifestyle.
It is a good idea to check the background of the school beforehand. Find out about their reputation in the industry and only consider those that have a good track record. Make sure that the school you choose has been licensed and approved by the state so that you can get your barbers license at the end of the training. In addition, it is essential to check whether they have been accredited by any barbers professional organization.
Before you register with a barber school near you, you want to ensure that there are experienced and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.485386
Retrieved Text: High school students write many research papers for different classes on different topics. However, the key element of writing a good paper on any topic is outlining it first. When you’re going to write a type of paper that you’ve never worked on earlier, it’s advisable to look at outline samples first. In this article, you may learn about the sources that should provide you with decent examples.
If you need to get a good outline template, you should go to your instructor. Instructors are obligated to help students in writing their papers. It’s likely that your instructor will have some outline samples. If your instructor won’t have proper examples, they’ll at least advise you on where to search for them.
The library of your school should contain plenty of research papers on different topics that were created by students in the past. Search for papers which titles are similar to your topic and choose the ones that earned their authors excellent marks. Outlines of such papers are very strong.
Your school might also have an electronic database where the works of students are stored. If you don’t want to go to the library and make copies of papers, you may just find the needed examples in this database and download the files. This option is very convenient because you don’t even need to leave your room.
Your older school friends should have written similar research papers when they were younger, so they can provide you with some advice on how to outline your paper. They may also give you

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.469685
Retrieved Text: Choosing a good dining table is only a few about picking the most eye-pleasing piece of furniture you find, but most of all, it's selecting a table you should use for your everyday living. It's color, shape, and design are all important, but it should also get fully-functional. For this reason, you should devote some time in finding a good piece of table that will not only make your dining area aesthetically beautiful, but most significantly, warm and welcoming. Follow this advice you should take into consideration when picking out a dining table for your home. Before you go out there and pick a table you like, make sure you find out the size of your room first since it will determine the size of the table you're going to get as well. You will find probably some pieces of other furniture in your dining room hence make sure you take your measurement in the edge of those furniture rather than from the wall. As much as possible, you might want at least 2 feet of clearance from your table to the furniture. The most common shape for dining desks is rectangular, but they also be met with round or oval. The shape will not only determine the style of your table, but how much space you need in the room as well. Generally, a round table works well with a square-shaped room, and a rectangular table for a narrow room. The seating capability is usually based on the number of family and the size of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.457653
Retrieved Text: The Breakfast Club runs from 7.45am - 8.45am each school day. If you are interested in your child joining the Breakfast Club, please see below where you will find an information sheet and a printable registration form. The Registration form should be completed and returned to the school office. No money is required until the booking is confirmed.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.443532
Retrieved Text: Find something you are interested in or a topic your teacher has recommended. Find some general information to read about the subject and determine some areas that you might be able to discuss or take a stand on. Your topic should become less general and more specific as you gather information. Be sure to record what you found and where you found it. This information will be used later.
Once you have decided on a topic of interest begin researching for background information. This is material that gives broad, general information about the topic. Places like indexes, table of contents, and encyclopedias may help you to find a manageable topic.
Cancer- Find any information about cancer.
a very broad subject to discuss in one research paper.
consequences of lung cancer, and causes of lung cancer.
manageable topic for a research paper.
Research information about your topic. Look in print resources, online databases, speak to experts in the field, or find credible websites. If you find too much information on your topic it may be too broad. If you do not find enough information on your topic you may need to choose another one. Do not waste time if you cannot find enough information. Talk to your teacher and see if you are able to choose another topic. When searching, use indexes, table of contents, and keywords.
Note: Some people start with this step and work on their topics using this information.
Gather the information that will help you write your paper. When evaluating your sources, try to determine where the information has come from.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.384223
Retrieved Text: Half a million families will discover today where their children will be going to secondary school in September.
More children could lose out on their top choice this year as pupil numbers continue to grow, it has been suggested.
This means it’s more important than ever to know what your options are.
If your child misses their first choice, they will be placed in their second or third option. If they miss those too, then they should automatically be placed in any school with capacity in the local authority.
However, if you find that your child does not have a place, you should contact your local council, who will find them a place in your area.
That’s not the end though. If you’re unhappy you can appeal and still potentially get one of your top choices.
If you receive a letter from a school rejecting your child, it should also advise you how to appeal the decision.
You’ll have to appeal to the admission authority, which will either be the local authority or board of governors, depending on the type of school.
Don’t worry about accepting an offer before appealing a more desired option – this is totally fine and accepting the offer doesn’t make it final.
You have at least 20 school days to submit a written appeal against a school’s decision. You can only appeal each decision once.
The admission authority will set a deadline for submitting information and evidence to support your appeal.
If you submit anything after the deadline, it might not be considered and may result in delays to your hearing.
The admission

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.373248
Retrieved Text: Foundations for life, for All to Flourish.
Beverley Minster Church of England Primary School is a happy and welcoming community which provides a safe and stimulating environment where children can enjoy learning and thrive.
The Church plays an important role in the life of our school. We have a close relationship with Beverley Minster and our school ethos reflects this connection. Our Christian Values of honesty, respect, community curiosity, creativity and perseverance were chosen by the school community and are extremely important to us.
Use the links to the right to help apply for a place at school.
Aims and ethos express the goals and expectations of the school. They express the general targets that we aim for when giving a safe and secure place of learning for your child. Every school needs these clear sets of aims in order to fulfil their vision and values in their pursuite of excellence. Here you will find an outline of ours which will show you our educational model. They will show our dedicaton to your child having not only the best learning experience that we can give but also growing as a person to enable them to tackle their next challenges in life. To enable them to do well as they grow in their education and to be the beginning point in a love of life long learning.
School begins at 8.45 a.m. for the whole school. It is important that all children are in their classrooms punctually to begin work. Children must not arrive on the playgrounds before 8.30 a.m. as the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.365634
Retrieved Text: to the highest level you can.
way unless it harms or offends other people.
use and develop your talents and abilities.
protect the environment and respect other people.
the army or take part in war.
Article 3: All adults should do what is best for you.
whether they are rich or poor.
No child should be treated unfairly on any basis.
We have the right to a good quality education.
You have the right to special protection and help if you are a refugee.
We have the right to find out things and share what we think with others by talking, drawing, writing or in any other way.
Your education should help you learn to live peacefully, protect the environment and respect other people.
We have the right to play and rest.
We have the right to the best health care possible, safe water to drink, nutritious food, a clean and safe environment and information to help us stay well.
Welcome to Ayresome where everything is ‘awesome.’ We have now achieved Headstart Gold and School of Sanctuary status in 2018.
On behalf of everybody in our school community, can I welcome you to Ayresome Primary School. I hope that you will find the pages on our website useful in discovering more about our school.
Our inclusive vision for the school is one which enables all of our community to achieve, enjoy and know success. The school promotes six key values of respect, trust, tolerance, ambition, determination and excellence. These values enable our mission statement ‘It’s awesome at Ayresome’.
Ayresome has committed to the Rights Respecting School Award (RRSA) and have already achieved our

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.274399
Retrieved Text: NALP - National Association for Law Placement | Prelaw - What Questions Should I Ask?
Resources & Initiatives > Prelaw > Prelaw Portal > Prelaw - What Questions Should I Ask?
Prelaw - What Questions Should I Ask?
While there are a lot of factors that go into choosing a law school, one of the most important is employment. You probably have lots of questions. Where do graduates of this law school typically work? Will I be able to pay back my loans? How much support does the school provide? These are likely just a few of the many questions on your mind.
With the help of pre-law advisors nationwide, NALP has compiled a comprehensive list of questions for you to consider. And, there are many resources to help you find the answers so that you can make the best decision you can.
What career services are offered to students and graduates?
What assistance is given to students interested in public-sector careers?
How many full-time employees work on career-related matters?
How many employees are dedicated solely to supporting students interested in public-service careers?
Does the law school have interview suites or research space for student job seekers?
What percentage of graduating students have found jobs by graduation? Within 9 months of graduation?
What kinds of jobs do graduates take after law school?
Of those going to law firms, how many are going to large, medium, and small firms?
How many post-graduate jobs require JD degrees?
Are any graduates working for the law school or receiving fellowships to support their work elsewhere? How long do those jobs/fellowships last after graduation?
What kinds

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.270493
Retrieved Text: In School Floor review you will find the best house decorating ideas that you can think of. A variety of pictures will pleasantly surprise you. Remember, house is a place where a person should necessarily feel comfortable and cozy.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.268542
Retrieved Text: Welcome to high school! We are excited to get to know each one of you! There are several things you should be aware over the course of your freshman year at Billings West High School.
Get to know your guidance counselor. We are here to answer any questions you might have about high school and to help you reach your goals. Stop by to say hello.
Time management is crucial in high school. You’ll have more homework and more activities to balance- get organized and find a system that works for you!
Get familiar with the college prep curriculum if you plan to attend a four-year program in the Montana University System. Outline your plan.
Find out about college prep courses. See which Advanced Placement, Dual Enrollment or University Connection courses are offered at your school. If they aren’t offered at your school, talk to your counselor about your options.
Research potential careers you might want to pursue, and post-secondary institutions where you can gain the required skills.
Get involved in extra-curricular activities either in school or out in the community.
Take advantage of opportunities to volunteer!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.247262
Retrieved Text: If you already have an undergraduate degree, but you have decided that you want to further your education to pursue a career art education, that is great. You should immediately research and find the best school for you. You can find a school that is known to specialize in the arts and in education. If you are searching for schools, you should search for the top schools where you can obtain a Masters of Art in Education degree.
Before you decide to further your education, you should always find out what the degree entails. Most graduate programs in art education that you find are 36 credit hour programs. This program is a great program that allows students to gain skills to become more effective and well-rounded educators and design educators. You know that most singular college courses are three credit courses, typically graduate students can handle about two to three courses a semester, with an added summer session as well. This means it probably should take about four to five years to complete this program. It might seem like a lot of time, and work, but the education you are receiving is worth it. This program educates you into an exceptional artist, designer, teacher, curator, educator, or activist all at the same time while molding you into an educator who knows how to appreciate and value diversity.
As you are most likely aware, whenever you seek a degree that relates to teaching, you must participate in some sort of field work or practicum. This is great, because it

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.241789
Retrieved Text: A warm welcome to our website and to Askam Village School. We hope you find our website informative and that it gives you a flavour of our school. We are a primary school who serves the local community catering for children between the ages of three and eleven.
You will find information about our classes, school day, policies, uniform, ethos and values. In addition there are timetables, copies of newsletters, menus for school dinners as well as other information. If you require any information not available on our website please do not hesitate to contact our school office where staff will be happy to help.
Our intention is to prepare children for the future through enabling all children to fulfil their potential both academically and socially; this includes supporting them to be good citizens in the local and wider community.
Please click below to visit the giving machine website.
Pay online and view your children’s choices.
Who said learning should be boring?
Office staff Mrs, James or Mr. Metcalfe will take your initial query and forward to the most appropriate member of staff.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.236348
Retrieved Text: The curriculum for a student interested in a law career is not prescribed. Any undergraduate major in the liberal arts will provide the necessary background to meet the expectations of law schools. Law schools seek students with well-developed analytic, communication, and interpretive skills. Courses in history, sociology, economics, political science, logic, English, mathematics, and philosophy are particularly helpful in providing such a background.
This resource is required for all applicants.
The goals of the Pre-Law is to educate and facilitate the ability to help students attend law school and understand the process preceding law school enrollment.
And providing support through the Pre-Law Society through academic and non-academic activities.
President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, Public Relations, and Social Media; these elected positions of the Society are there to facilitate your drive and ambition attend law school.
A social science internship in a law office; a local, state or national government office; or a social service agency is recommended. Salem offers students interested in law an advising program to help them prepare for law school. Students interested in pre-law should see the pre-law advisor during their first term at Salem to ensure that they take advantage of the services which the College provides. Salem’s January Term program offers pre-law students the opportunity to obtain practical experience in areas related to the legal profession through law office and government internships, court internships, research and independent study.
This depends on your affordability and depends on how much the applicant decides is necessary for their needs.
Should I only apply to schools where my LSAT score will be

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.23447
Retrieved Text: If you're like many who ultimately chose the legal profession, your first introduction to the law was probably through the big screen. After all, who wouldn't want to be a lawyer after watching the tense courtroom drama of a Navy court-martial or the vindication of two wrongfully-charged "yutes" in Alabama? Hollywood may be a good starting point, but if you're seriously considering a legal career, there's a wealth of resources available to prepare you for the journey. Pre-law internships and organizations, for example, provide a great window into different areas of the law and also happen to look good on law school applications. For more information on these options, the Pre-Law Resources section of FindLaw for Law Students is here to help.
Should I Do a Pre-Law Summer Program?
Lawyers are drawn from some of the most dedicated and diligent students in the country. This article examines pre-law summer programs and their utility to future law students.
Do you have questions about law school or the legal profession, but don't know who to ask or where to go? Pre-law discussion forums are a great starting point for learning about law school and beyond from professionals who've been in your shoes. This article provides useful information and resources about pre-law discussion forums, how to find them, and how you can use them to determine whether, and where, to go to law school.
The Law School Admission Test (LSAT) is a very different kind of test interested students will need to seek out LSAT-specific materials to prepare. This article can help.
Should You

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.207344
Retrieved Text: If you want to buy a Opelousas Senior High School yearbook or sell your Opelousas Senior HS yearbook, this is the place to do it. Just make a post below to find another person who went to school in Opelousas to make the trade.
If you are an alumn of Opelousas Senior High you should register now in the alumni directory. We also encourage you to interact with the rest of the alumni on this site. You can find old friends, share photos and stay updated on the latest school news.
i want a 2005 and 2006 year book.
Lost my yearbook due to flooding back in '08. Trying to locate and buy a new one. Any information on where to get a reprint or a trade is helpful! Thank you!
My name is Kim..My aunt Vallie passed away when she was 17 years old in a bad car accident. I am looking to find her graduation yearbook. i would appreciate any help in this matter. Thank you.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.193313
Retrieved Text: Chemistry in elementary or middle school needed?
2 income homeschoolers using Adventures?
Which curriculum should I simultaneously teach a 3 & 4 yo?
Adventures for my first grader with 3rd?
Adventures for 2nd & 4th Grade?
Fluenz Spanish for high school?
Using Cycle out of order?
Have you heard about My Father’s World Vision Weekend?
Using Grade 1 with older child?
Where to find a good globe?
Anyone use a homeschool planner?
How do you store you used curriculum and resources?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.188713
Retrieved Text: When people finish high school they sometimes think of joining a trade school before they get into college. A school where people get a chance to learn different technical skills is called a trade school. There are many technical schools, but sometimes it can be a difficult choice to find the right school for you. The main reason for this is the fact that some of these schools are not accredited to offer these technical courses. If you are in search of a good trade school you have to be cautious so that you can choose the best trade school to join. The steps highlighted below will guide you to choose the best trades school.
Look for any trade schools within where you live. By using various online sources in your research, you will be able to broaden your research. Seeking referrals from people can be a good source of information. Get recommendations from your loved ones who have benefitted from these learning institutions. The reputation of the school is very important. The main reason why you need to consider the reputation of the trade schools is to avoid the schools that have been involved in various scandals.
Investigate whether the facilities used in the trade schools are up to date. All these trade schools have technical units, which means that the students will require different equipment for the practical lessons. The school you choose should be one which is using the latest technological equipment to teach the students. Going to a school with the latest technological equipment

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.1613865
Retrieved Text: If you write grants or intend to start writing grants, it is always good to have a number of resources to help you. With the advent of the Internet, many of those resources are free and can be accessed within minutes of when you need them. I want to recommend a few websites and one book you can use which should greatly assist you in your grant-writing efforts.
First, I’d recommend that you use all of the free resources that Discount School Supply® provides. You can use their free school grant database that gives you information on grants in the following categories: after-school, arts, early childhood, migrant, professional development, reading, special education, and science/environment. This database is very comprehensive for these categories, and you should be able to find any grant available to your school by using it.
For information about finding, applying for, and securing grants, you should use this blog sponsored by Discount School Supply®. Seventy blog posts are listed covering a variety of topics. When you have time, you should go back to the very first one and read all of them. You can find these blogs at: Schoolgrant.blogspot.com.
If you need a school grant database that includes categories not listed by Discount School Supply®, you might want to subscribe to the more comprehensive School Funding Center Grant Database. It includes 30 different categories and is the largest and most up-to-date school grant database in the United States. It basically includes every grant available to every school in the country. If you just want to look

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.122792
Retrieved Text: How can school themes boost school spirit, improve learning and create classroom excitement? So many varying and different ways!
It’s no secret that students, teachers, and svhool themesschool administrators deal with challenges on a daily basis. What if there were a way that you could help out the education system with a very simple approach? Very few things are as exciting as an opportunity to help with our education systems.
The good news? School themes may just be the answer that you’re looking for!
Why is it that some school’s “spirit” soars so easily, while others try everything possible and get barely any results?
If we unify the staff and inspire our students we can and will improve learning opportunities. If you find that you’ve tried everything to boost school spirit, this is where we can help!
Team building and teamwork can dramatically improve school spirit! If you are an educator, it’s no secret that you want to work, teach and learn in a positive environment.
How can you help to start to increase school spirit? Convince your school administration that teachers and students excel in a positive environment. That simple steps will light the fuse.
How’s your school Spirit? Can it use a lift?
Every child deserves a chance to excel!
No matter what kind of school setting you are learning and teaching in, you can find a school theme that will focus on topics such as seasons, holidays, planets, colors, weather, presidents, science and lots of other choices.
The school themes on this site are different. Each them is named with an acronym related

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.092397
Retrieved Text: Why do I have to apply for each of my courses at a different office instead of signing up at one central registration?
The University of the Nations is very unique. Rather than being a single centralized entity it is a global network with hundreds of local expressions. Each of these local expressions operate within a set of agreed policies and procedures and students on their courses that are registered with the UofN gain UofN credit. Every location operates autonomously and as such course admissions and scholarships are not administered from a central location.
What are the prerequisites for UofN schools or degrees?
All degrees and full-length courses (more than 6 weeks / credits) require the Discipleship Training School and Outreach to be successfully completed before doing a course.
Seminars (6 weeks / credits or less), are the exception.
How do I apply for a UofN course or degree?
To apply for each course, you must do this directly through the location where you are interested in doing the course – whether you are doing a degree or not. (See our explanation above of how the UofN operates.) Each location has an administration department that will process your application. Any questions about the school should be sent directly to them. Every application, once received in full, will be reviewed and prayerfully considered before an acceptance, refusal or deferment is given.
If you want to do a degree you should contact the relevant academic advisor for the college that your degree is in, and they will enrol you. (https://uofn.edu/about/academic-advisors) The procedure for applying for

================



======= Instance Index 7569 =========
Input Text: When would you want to have food?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- cook
- eat
- shop
- burned
- hungry

Target Text: hungry

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.719346
Retrieved Text: It’s not every day you’ll get the chance to make a vow of forever to the love of your life. That’s why when it happens, you want to make it magical and extraordinary so that memories would last. As you go through wedding preparations, among the things you can never miss out is the food.
With this precious and joyful celebration, you’d want nothing but to ensure that the guests are totally satisfied with whatever you’re bringing them and the menu is deeply valuable in ensuring that. Choosing the meal is one thing, creating an ambience that will level up the guests’ dining experience.
If you want people to remember this event, you need to bring some fresh and unique ideas that will highlight your menu and at the same time make this celebration memorable to those who witnessed this beautiful union.
To create a memorable dining experience for those who will witness your exchange of vows, you may try some fresh and unique ideas during the event. Below are just some of them.
Instead of having your food simply lined up in a buffet style, why not create a designated area for each meal or food station. Any wedding caterer in Kent would agree that having this kind arrangement would make things more interesting and avoid your guests from crowding the food area.
In addition, it’ll be easier for them to choose the food they want without having to go through every meal you have. If they want dessert, they could simply head off to the sweets section, for snacks

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.690923
Retrieved Text: Can't write long because we're headed to Ikea because MAMA WANTS MEATBALLS. And oh yeah, maybe some stuff for the house.
So yeah, this whole pregnancy has been about food. Food I want, food I don't want. And lots and lots of Thai food. Spicy food, saucy food. Anything made entirely of MEAT. And salt.
A typical late-night snack? More dinner. I haven't really been wanting snacks or sweets. When I want to eat, I want to EAT. As in hot, dinner food. With sauce. From Thailand.
I was having a lot of trouble figuring out what to eat before bed. I didn't want a little something. I wanted a MEAL. But I knew I shouldn't. Ryan would watch me pace back and forth from the couch to the fridge, fridge to the couch, continually coming back empty-handed, complaining that there was ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to eat. When really, there was plenty of food, just nothing I saw looked appetizing. Which for me, is very abnormal, because non-pregnant me would usually eat the first thing I saw. "Hmm, that looks good. Sure!" Not too picky.
Finally, in my frustration, I would send Ryan to the kitchen. "Find me something to eat! There's NOTHING!" Typical pregnant wife, right? Although I can't remember ever being the typical pregnant wife. I can't remember any other pregnancy so driven by food and cravings and I Don't WANT That and I NEED That Other Thing.
So Ryan would walk to the fridge and the pantry and offer me the same things I just saw, and I would

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.625089
Retrieved Text: The typical situation when it comes to corporate events is that all is planned out perfectly, and then you order your favorite dish or the most popular cuisine out of a menu. While this practice might have worked for you, there is a better way to address this so the food you serve complements the type of your corporate gathering.
If event is just a simple gathering of employees, than selecting straight from the menu is fine. But if it were a huge company anniversary, it is recommended that the food be as festive and grand as the purpose behind the event. You can ask your managers on what they loved drinking and eating when the firm was still starting out. If they have any favorite dishes, you can possibly recreate and serve them during the celebration.
Dishes to be served by the seaside is different from the cuisine you would want to serve inside an air-conditioned ballroom. You have to know if the event venue is a casual or formal one. For outdoor dining where cocktail tables are available, light meals such as fruits and sandwiches by Chick-Fil-A would be great. For beach or casual alfresco dining, some finger foods would do. For a more formal occasion, you would want to have a buffet-style reception.
There may be a plenty of all-day breakfast lovers, but serving the right dish during the appropriate time matters. You wouldn’t want your guests to get upset when you serve light meals when you are supposed to be serving them lunch, or some

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.456163
Retrieved Text: Food, let’s face it, the majority of us have as much as we want, the type we want, and when we want it. Yesterday for lunch I had chicken fingers and French fries. Granted, by no means is this a healthy lunch. On a normal day it may taste good, but even when good, it would not be considered good for you, but then again, this post isn’t about eating healthy, it is about eating what you have in front of you.
The chicken fingers were dried out, nearly consisting of chicken jerky covered in a fried breading. The French fries were barely cook, by that, they were no longer frozen, slightly warm, but by no means could they be considered French fries. I had ordered the meal (such as it was) through take out at a local business cafeteria, so taking the meal back would have been more inconvenient than it was worth.
Today for breakfast I decided to open up one of my food storage cans, it was a 10 grain pancake mix that you could also make biscuits from. I opted for the biscuits. As soon as I opened the can, I didn’t care for the smell. I mixed up the mix, popped them in the oven. 12 minutes later, I had 10 grain biscuits. Edible, but not something I would purchase again, and still as I right this I wonder how I am going to get through that #10 can of mix.
For both meals I thought “yuk, this is awful, just through it out”.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.324102
Retrieved Text: Most bloggers love to generate income blogging about how precisely to make money online. The eye of running a blog has come for a stage where people would blog page for something that concerns regarding money (example, loan, insurance, credit card) than anything else. Today, www.london-namjestaj.com I am going to turn the table about and share along how to blog about foodstuff and make money at the same time. Looks impossible? Read more then.
Many food buffs would generally be interested in food recipes and food feedback. Hence in case you focus and write about these people well, you will probably some good readership and followers for your blog.
Food Reviews Or Meals Recipes?
When you have a great recipe to share, really want to just write a blog post into it and share using your fellow readers. However , I would personally not suggest that you replicate a formula from somewhere and content it, or perhaps create a formula out of your when you have under no circumstances try the food yourself. You could drive your readership away consequently. Hence, I would not motivate you to reveal food recipes unless you are pretty sure of what you desire to talk about.
Assuming that you are a meals lover, meals reviews would be an easier decision and more well-known approach since most people want to eat and keen to find out where they will find the best meals in town. Here are 5 useful tips that you might follow to create money blog about meals (particularly feedback and ratings).
A high

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.286976
Retrieved Text: If I eat whatever I want won’t I eat junk, feel awful and get fat?
Isn’t that why we start dieting or even start scrutinizing our food in the first place? Because we're eating junk, feeling awful and getting fat?
I hear you and I’m going to tell you how you can give yourself permission to eat what you want and how much you want and not always eat junk, overeat or settle for food that doesn’t make you feel good. The part that will surprise you is that the reason you don’t feel good has more to do with what you believe and that is what leads to mindless, less than nourishing food choices.
Fear would have us believe that we’d go nuts eating all the ice cream and bread baskets we can get our hands on if left to our own devices. Fear would have us believe we can’t be trusted. Fear of “bad,” “unhealthy,” “toxic” food and fear of weight gain makes us feel crazy around food, uncomfortable and disconnected in our bodies and can lead to guilt and shame. None of that feels good, wouldn't you agree?
The struggle here is less about the food and more about being stuck in your fear brain.
Here’s the deal when it comes to fear and anxiety and why you feel incapable of making a good-for-you decision in those moments. It is why I always felt like food was controlling me even though I was working really hard to control it with all the rules and diet thinking. When the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.236023
Retrieved Text: Are you hoping to expand your taste in diverse cuisines and want to try your hand at Asian food? Are you an Asian living in Australia that wants to recreate a special Asian dish from home? If so, you would need access to the best Asian food and grocery items that Australia has to offer. Unlike western food ingredients and meals that can be found all over the country in every single supermarket, Asian food is not so easy to find in a mostly western dominant country. This might make you a little discouraged but it does not mean you cannot find what you need! Asian food is extremely diverse and the entire cuisine is a combination of various cultures such as Korean, Chinese, Japanese, Malay and more! All of this together is what makes Asian food stand out so much from everything else.So by going to the best Japanese stores Melbourne, here are some tips you can use to buy the best Asian grocery items for use.
You would not want to spend any money on food that is not of very good quality because not only would it be a waste of money, it would also be unsafe and unhygienic as well. So every time that you go shopping for Asian items, make sure to visit the best Asian grocery with high quality ingredients! Sometimes the price may be a little expensive but we cannot put a price on quality after all. Next time you go shopping, remember quality is important!
We all know the hassle

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.21681
Retrieved Text: Many starter SEOs and new webmasters make this mistake when selecting keywords for their websites. They start their keyword selection campaign by just typing their desired keyword into a search query and then analysing the results. Lets consider a little example by searching for the word puppy food in Google.
This keyword query returned over 5 milion results. Many webmasters will consider this number their exact competition for the keyword they typed in but this is partially true. The search results dislay all the pages that google has indexed in their database which have the keyword puppy food on their page in any order. It can be food for my puppy or I gave my puppy some food etc. For finding the exact competition for more specific keyword, we just have to enclose our keyword within ” ” and in our case it would be “puppy food”.
As you can see from the above screen shot, that this mehod will show the exact number of pages that contains the word puppy food in the same order. This is the actual number of pages that you want to beat if you have to rank #1 for keyword puppy food.
Keyword selection by this method comes in handy specially when you want to estimate how much effort you would require to rank well for a prticular keyword. It is not that difficult to beat 10,000 pages as compared to 15,000,000 pages.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.136449
Retrieved Text: People tend to be very passionate when it comes to talking about their favorite food. This passion escalates when the debate pitting cakes against pies arises. Food lovers usually have a distinct preference between the two delicious desserts and have strong reasons for it.
Some may argue that pies can be eaten at any time of the day, whereas cake seems most appropriate as a dessert after dinner. However, the cake’s established importance as the centerpiece for celebrations proves how special the food is. Cake lovers like to point out the aesthetic value of their favorite food, compared to the generally monotonous look of the rival food. A cake’s exterior can be customized according to how simple or extravagant you want it, while a pie’s fillings can be customized according to whether you’re having a sweet or savory craving. Either way, this debate is a never-ending one.
In this quiz, we’re going to put an end to your internal debate. We’ll help you discover which item you actually prefer – cake or pie!
Do you prefer the cake or the pie?
I can't decide which I like more!
I don't like both of them!
Which dessert would you want to eat?
You have to choose between eating the cake or the pie!
Which kind of dessert do you enjoy more?
Choose if you'd enjoy eating the cake or pie more!
Pick if you like the cake or pie more!
Choose one or the other!
Which are you craving more for right now?
Can you decide which one you want to eat more?
Is the cake or pie more tempting?
Choose either

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.104683
Retrieved Text: SPOTLIGHT On Los Angeles based comedian Steven Garza who discovered he was allergic to shellfish at the age of nineteen. He joins other comedians and performers to ‘Stand Up for Food Allergies’ next Tuesday night at The Comedy Store in La Jolla.
When did Food allergies come into your life?
How they have changed you?
What is the hardest thing about dealing with food allergies?
The message you would want to send about food allergies?
Describe the activity you and your family will do when a cure for food allergies is found?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.0898695
Retrieved Text: by seeing your favorite plate i guess what range of food yuo like... : < Carnivore!!!
milky_candy_sugar wrote: i guess what range of food yuo like... : < Carnivore!!!
No : < well at least from what i know.... Bestial! Chelovek medved!!!
milky_candy_sugar wrote: No : < well at least from what i know.... Bestial! Chelovek medved!!!
I can be cuddly when I want to be... like Russian Bear... or modified killing machine. Take your pick.
Keep my genes away from bears, they smell like a soldier on bivouac for 2 years.
Vladimir79 wrote: can be cuddly when I want to be... like Russian Bear... or modified killing machine. Take your pick.
Hehe ... tnx ... I knew you gona love it ... althrow I suspect Vladimir is cool to this to?
The A&W rootbeer is delicious. Nothing matches it.
^^ Do A&W let you keep the mug?
Vladimir79 wrote: ^^ Do A&W let you keep the mug?
Negative. But you can buy one for like $5.
i'll send you 5 bucks, you send me 5 days worth of proper food please. Because for proper food, there is not a whole lot in selection.
And I like Vietnamese food anyway, so it would be bennificial for me.
milky_candy_sugar wrote: Kormanomia???? What da...??
Last name is Korman. Kormanomia sounds powerful. Whoever is ultimate despot of Kormanomia sounds dangerous and cool!
My empire would have advanced SU-25's with guided munitions with unmanned awacs to act as the radar homage for my airforce.
I will have military parades in my favor.
Dictatorship is only a word. In my power, I would create the Promise land. Lots of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.072695
Retrieved Text: Are you eating what you really want?
A few days ago I was having dinner with a friend when he confessed that if I wasn't there with him, he would be ordering tempura for his main course instead of nigiri sushi. Being about 30 pounds overweight, he told me is trying to lose weight by working out every day, but somehow the scale is moving down very slowly. After mentioning that I am in no way a food police, I asked why would he want tempura in the first place? After all, there must have been a deep need for that dish if he had to mention it. His answer, however, was simple -- I like it.
It happens all the time. We go out to eat and we see dishes that we like and want to order. If we try to analyze whether or not we should or shouldn't have it, chances are that if we order what we want, but shouldn't have, then we feel guilty. If we don't order what we want, we feel deprived. What's a girl to do?
As I was going to reply to my friend's answer, I remembered that he is a fabulous shopper and then a new analogy came to mind. Imagine you are at Nordstrom and you see a trendy jacket. It looks great on you and you really want to buy it, but then you notice that it is far out of your budget and it is poorly maid, so it won't last more than a few wears. Would

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.06988
Retrieved Text: I have clients coming to me for weight loss hypnosis, often ‘stuck’ in their way of thinking about the food they eat, racked with guilt usually chocolate related and feeling low about themselves. When we talk about food and their relationship to it, most commonly they will say something like “I love food – it makes me feel better but I know I don’t eat the right food”. If you use food to make you feel better, you could be emotionally eating. It’s also likely you consciously already know which foods would be more nutritious. You have trained your mind to think a certain way about food. Good news, you can re-train it and it can LEARN!
Why does food make us feel better? Well, apart from the obvious necessity to survive and the feedback system of hardwired feel good response to fat in the brain creating feel good chemicals when we eat it, we are also often ‘rewarding’ ourselves with something to give us those chemical feedbacks.
So, how will hypnosis help any of us to get the body and fitness we want or – lose weight? My answer is this. Its all in the mind. Literally. We can use our minds effectively to think and behave around food and exercise very differently. It’s knowing how.
That’s where being a ‘Havening’ Hypnotherapist using specific NLP techniques, I can really excel in helping you achieve the results you want, in getting you the body you want and finding an approach to food that diet and weight-loss chains can’t. It’s

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.0435
Retrieved Text: So, what’s my food philosophy?
If you would have asked me this 10 different times over the past ten years my answer would have been different every single time.
I am finally at a point in my life where I have made peace with food.
You may be thinking, what do you mean? Peace with food…? It’s just food?
Well, for many years that wasn’t the case for me. Food was attached to my self-worth. I thought that labeling what I was eating, how I was eating, or how much I was eating determined what kind of person I was. Of course, that wasn’t and isn’t at all correct, but that’s the state of mind I was in.
I will get into more detail regarding my journey with food at another time.
If you can imagine my headspace back then compared to my head space now, it’s really night and day.
How did I get to this point? I found intuitive eating. Intuitive eating is a large determinant of how I made peace with food and is now the core of my food philosophy.
It’s not a diet or a certain way of eating. It’s in the simplest terms listening to your body, and eating like you did when you were a child. When you were a child you didn’t second guess when you were hungry, you just ate. When you were full, you stopped. When you wanted a cookie, you had it. When you wanted carrots, you ate them. When I think of my food philosophy I think of going back to my

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.0264
Retrieved Text: For some reason, my mother has this unrelenting desire to stuff me with food. Growing up, there are always requests to “eat more”. When I leave home, there’ll always be packages of food stuffed away in my luggage somewhere. Whenever I receive a present, half the package is guaranteed to be some sort of food. When she comes to visit, the cupboards are definitely fuller after she leaves than before she arrived. And it seems like no matter what I do, I can’t stop it!
I’ve tried firmly stating that I don’t want it, but it just keeps coming. I’ve tried telling her that sending despite my objections shows me disrespect, but it keeps coming. I’ve even tried throwing the food out in front of her when she came to visit to set some boundaries, but they somehow reappeared in my home after she left.
There seems to be an entire books of tactics that she has to get food to me! When you’re little, it’s “just one more bite and you can stop”! However, there is inevitably another bite after it. Having learned quickly from such mistakes, that particular one no longer works. My mother has since then resorted to other strategies though. When I’m not looking, she would secretly stuff food into my luggage and/or drawers. When I tell her not to send me food since I can buy my own, she somehow gets hold of food that I can’t easily purchase, from like a little town in China or something and sends it to me.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.983023
Retrieved Text: Is Using Plant Food Really Necessary?
A lot of beginning gardeners will invest on everything they feel that is necessary for their plants to grow healthy, well and beautiful.
Yet, seasoned gardeners are oftentimes sceptical on the idea of using plant food that they even question its necessity when planting.
Before even starting to plant on the garden, the soil is already prepared. That is, it has been infused with the necessary nutrients that plants will need in order to grow well by adding fertilizers or compost into the soil.
So why should you even add plant food when the plants already have all the necessary nutrients it need from the soil? The answer is both a yes and a no.
It is true that the soil is already prepared to give the plants all the necessary nutrients it needs even before you start planting. However, as the plants continue to absorb and use those nutrients, eventually all of those would be used up and if you do not supplement it, then the plants will have no more source of nutrients to supply its continuous need to grow. That’s where plant food comes in. Plant food is necessary for when the time comes that the nutrients in the soil gets used up so that the plant will still have a nutrient source that would fuel its growth. Plant food is not the same as the food we people have to eat everyday. You do not have to give it everyday to plants but in regular intervals and along with regular watering,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.90693
Retrieved Text: Why is it that we find ourselves turning to food when stressed or upset?
And why is it that we turn to the "bad" foods in these instances?
As infants we are soothed with food. Baby cries -> caregiver thinks, Baby might be hungry -> caregiver offers milk. And the act of being held and fed is quite soothing. Thus, from birth we are conditioned with this response to find food soothing.
Our brains also find food to be pleasurable. Especially energy (i.e. calorie) dense foods that would literally save our lives in a time of famine. After all, if you were stranded in the wilderness, which would you rather have – carrots or carrot cake? Probably the carrot cake because it would sustain you longer. The carrots, which society would deem as the "healthier" choice, wouldn't keep you alive for very long. Plus, there's a reason the cake tastes better – that's the positive reinforcement from your brain telling you to eat the higher calorie food.
This evolved as a survival mechanism for our ancestors in times of famine. The hunters and gatherers learned which foods kept them alive longer. The people who didn't figure it out died.
Nowadays we are told to fear high calorie foods. And thus, our brain is confused. The primitive part of it WANTS the higher calorie foods because they taste good. But the thinking/rationalizing part is saying DON'T DO IT. There is a disconnect between what we want and what we tell ourselves we "should" eat.
We want what we "shouldn't" have. Tell yourself NOT

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.898943
Retrieved Text: If the table is set up with multiple forks and spoons, you can’t grab whichever one you want. You should always start with the piece of silverware that is farthest away from your plate, and work your way toward the inside. The first fork should be for salad, the next for dinner. When it comes to your drink, it should always be placed on the right side of your plate. As long as you follow these etiquette tips, you’ll have no problem when it comes to utensils.
You should never speak when your mouth is filled with food. If you have something to say, finish chewing before you start your story. You should also remember to cut your food one piece at a time, instead of cutting it all apart at once.
If you’re at a fancy dinner party, you wouldn’t want your phone to buzz beneath the table. Answering it would be rude, so you might as well turn off your phone or keep it on silent. Keeping this in mind, you don’t want to text while the meal is being served. Focus on the other guests, your host, or your food. Do anything to keep away your temptation to text.
Your body language is important if you want to look refined. You should keep your elbows off of the table and your back straight. No resting your feet up on your chair or the table. When you unfold your napkin, place it over your lap. When the meal is complete, place the napkin on the table, instead

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.841954
Retrieved Text: When you are looking for somewhere to host a great indoor party, then Giggles n’ Hugs believes that we are the best in LA. We want to make sure that your kids get the best party we can give them, and that they leave the restaurant feeling happy and full of good memories. If you have been looking for somewhere in LA that provides great food in a family restaurant as well as a 2000 foot Kids play area, then we can offer you a big space and fantastic food whether you are celebrating or just coming to eat.
The main reason why we developed Giggles n’ Hugs is that we were disappointed in the lack of choice available in Los Angeles. We struggled to find somewhere for our child, being offered unhealthy, greasy food that was neither satisfying nor fun. We wanted to take out child out to a place where they could have fun, but we could also have a good meal and our kids could eat well. In addition, we didn’t want to choose somewhere that would require our child to sit down or shut up. We wanted them to play, and be happy wherever we went. This restaurant is our solution.
When you come to a birthday party, you want everyone to really enjoy themselves, but you don’t want the food to be unhealthy or unattractive. We offer menus for all ages, ranging from simple grilled salmon salads, burgers or our specialist tricky pastas, including substitute gluten-free options. Our menu is much healthier than

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.8176565
Retrieved Text: This lecture came at the perfect time for me. Yesterday, I believe that I experienced a “moment of clarity” – a term that alcoholics use when they finally realize it’s time for them to turn the corner on their habit.
I had just written an article that I found moving to write. It’s about how hiring my babysitter to watch my one-year-old daughter a few days a week allows me to be a better parent. I am able to pursue my passion, writing, when the babysitter comes. That way, when I’m with my daughter, I can fully be there in the moment with her with no distractions. I can focus solely on her and give her my undivided attention and love.
When the piece was completed and I was walking back to my apartment to be with my daughter, I felt an overwhelming wave of emotion. I wanted to burst into tears. I tried to make sense of what I was feeling, and I think it might have been happiness. Here I am on this perfect day, able to connect with the wonderful people of the world by pursuing my passion for writing, and then walk home to be with my baby girl.
The weight of the emotion was uncomfortable for me. I tried to let myself go and cry, but then I stopped myself. It was too much, and it hurt my head and my face. I knew what I had to do to stop these feelings.
On the rest of the walk back home, I thought about what

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.806766
Retrieved Text: How Do You Know What Saltwater Fishing Tackle You Ought To Be Utilizing?
Prep — is obtaining ready to search for trout. Basically most successful fly fishers for big trout are hunters initial. They discover their prey’s feeding patterns, when they feed, the kinds of food organisms trout consume, how to mimic their meals products, when such food organism are accessible, exactly where trout are usually discovered in a stream, what fly fishing deal with to use and so forth.
The other outfit would be two to 5 kilo (four.4lb to 11lb) graphite rod with a one thousand to 2500 size spinning reel with anyplace from 6lb to 10lb braided line. The lighter outfit would do for your common bream fishing around shorelines and weeded flats. Primarily areas exactly where there is no awful construction like oysters.
Fishing baggage will be able to hold all your discount fishing tackle and your fishing box, so that you have much less to carry when you’re heading to or from the bank. You might also want to take food and consume with you too.
Another great factor about fishing is the fact that you can commune with character. You cannot assist not appreciate the beauty of the environment. Some go on your own particularly if they want to think and be reflective while there are occasions when you want to go with your buddies or family for some bonding time.
Our family members usually reserves Easter baskets and Easter Egg Hunts for the Saturday just prior to Easter – saving Sunday for church and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.800602
Retrieved Text: One of the things I really like is when the local grocery stores have prepackaged bags ($3, $5 $10) for the food bank that you can pick up as you check out and drop in a bin on the way out. It makes it very easy to donate food and the food bank gets stuff they actually need.
Here's the thing: having the food prepackaged and a collection bin at the store makes it simple to donate (you don't have to pick up extra stuff, hoping what you get is needed, then keep it separate as you check out or put it aside when you get home, then get it to the food bank, which is not in the most convenient location.) I understand why they wouldn't want to always have them out - people would get used to seeing them and not pay attention. But especially when the food bank is in desperate need it is such a no brainer! Having 3 or 4 food drives a year would really help.
Kroger does donate daily to the food bank as a company, per our tour guide Tuesday. I believe it. There is stuff they can't legally sell that has to be destroyed. But there is also a lot of food that is still good but won't sell. It's a good way to get rid of it since they don't need to pay for it to be trashed and it's good p.r.
So, kudos to Kroger for putting the bags and collection bins out again.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.795955
Retrieved Text: [slideshow] Captive audience. If you work with high school youth in the non-profit world, you know this term. It's ideally what you want, when you have services you want to deliver to youth who have better things to do than pay any attention to you. Particularly after school, kids have sports to play, ipods to plug in to, cell phones to answer, friends to hang out with after school. They've been corralled in classrooms all day. So WHY would they want to hang out after school to see what YOU have to deliver?
Each Thursday, RootDown LA shows up after school at Jefferson High School with all kinds of cooking equipment, spices, and nasty veggies in tow. We have a small core of Youth Leaders who've been with us for a year now. They always show up because they LOVE cooking now, they totally dig growing food at WECAN, and they want to WORK with us. Yes, we do pay our Youth Leaders stipends when they run healthy tasting events like the one we just did at the Painted Brain.
Some days twenty kids show up. Some days just three or four hang out. This week, there was no soccer practice for the boys, so a small cluster of them showed up and got curious about what we were doing. I cringed, afraid to tell them we were using this weeks' session to use up tomatoes, carrots and even apples. We'd make apple sauce and ULP, carrot, tomato apple soup. Maybe the guys didn't understand we would put

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.771416
Retrieved Text: Looking for American Candy in the United Kingdom When you are living in a different country from where you grew up, there are a lot of things that you are going to start missing. Although you may love the move you have made, that does not mean you are not going to miss things from your childhood. One of the things that many people miss the most when they are in another country is food from where they grew up. Although the food where you are now may be great, it will not be the comfort food that you had when you were growing up. One of the great things about being American is how widespread our food is. When you are looking for American food available in the United Kingdom, you are going to have many options. The first place that you are going to want to go if you are on the hunt for American food available in the United Kingdom is the grocery store. In grocery chains in the UK, there is an American food section where you are going to be able to find many options. Primarily you are going to be able to find American soda, candy, and snacks. There is a good chance you are going to be able to find the American food you want if it is made by one of the larger brands. If you are looking for American food available in the United Kingdom and want a hot meal, you are going to be able to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.760171
Retrieved Text: My Italian Link’s Editor in chief Audrey Robin had the pleasure to meet with tv personality, food writer and consultant Eleonora Galasso. An opportunity to talk about her book, As the Romans Do, published by the Octopus Publishing Group, but also a fine opportunity to share her vision of Italian cuisine. Be prepared to live out ‘Food Happiness’ with Eleonora!
What are the traditional Italian Christmas dishes?
On the 24th there would be a big fish, cooked and put in the middle of the dining table for the family to share. On Christmas day it’s tortellini in brodo (pasta simmered in a hearty meat broth) and bollito misto (a wide range of meats simmered in a succulent broth).
If you had to describe your cuisine in three words, what would those be?
Participatory, Sharing and Freshness – as for locally sourced and seasonal products. I think what really reflects Italian philosophy, food-wise, is the expression Arte di Arrangiarsi, which basically means ‘cook with what you have’.
I believe there are three main ingredients that every Italian should have at home: fresh eggs, anchovies and, of course, olive oil. With these ingredients you can do whatever you want! For instance, you have some leftovers from your Sunday spaghetti? Just beat some eggs, and fry them with the spaghetti!
Could you talk about your motto, ‘Food Happiness’?
You know that moment when your dish arrives on the table? You are so hungry, the smell is almost bewitching, and you just want to eat it? That perfect moment, when you might have all sorts of problems

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.754933
Retrieved Text: Lets be honest fried foods are so good and hard to resist. Though, many of us are trying to eat healthier, but still need our fried food fix. The electric air fryer has come to the rescue. With the new larger sizes of air fryers we can get the crispy crunch we like without all the added fat and grease, while feeding our families.
Today’s technology has allow us to go from the large convection ovens to these smaller counter top version. These air fryers work by circulating the hot air around the food which gives that crispy exterior. Also, this method of cooking helps to give a juicy moist interior. While cooking in less time too.
This electric air fryer allows the user to control the temperature for the varieties of foods they cook. The temperatures range from 170 degrees to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. Also, there is a auto shut-off timer or it will turn off in 2 hours.
While its a compact size with a 3.4 quart capacity its still large enough for a family of 4. Also, if your kids are in to cooking you do not have to worry the air fryer will not work with out the fry basket in place. Another great feature is you can open the fryer remove the basket to add more seasoning and shake the contents without adjusting the time. The timer will stop when the basket is removed and restart when the basket is replaced.
No greasy mess to clean up with its non-stick basket surface. The basket can

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.749311
Retrieved Text: ﻿I have a question about food trucks?
﻿What do you want to know about food truck?
﻿﻿Well for starters food trucks started to gain popularity in the mid 1900's when Charles Goodnight came out with the chuck wagon.
﻿Well, Charles Goodnight noticed how difficult it was to feed cattle men good food.﻿So he decided since they are always on the move with the cattle, he said why don't I just put together an army wagon and include dry meals and salted snacks.So that is how the chuck wagon was invented, then the food truck.
﻿That is cool, but why did someone decide to create a food truck, what was the purpose.
Peyton Q: What is the most common food trucks? A: Hot dogs are the most common type of food truck.
Also to add on to what Georgia, and Peyton said pass a couple of years to when the food truck industry in America started to boom.The reason most people fell in love with food trucks was because it was something different it was not just a nice million dollar restaurant.Because around 1930's their where drive in's and things in that nature so a food truck was something new and LA was the first state to really start getting the industry popular.
Wow, I did not know that food trucks had all of this historical information.i would love to go more in depth in the topic some time﻿.
﻿Yeah, we should that would be really fun.
﻿Yeah we definitely should, and after learning new thing that y'all have told me I might want to start

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.747659
Retrieved Text: Disclaimer: Some of the following links are affiliate links, which means if you click on them and purchase a product I will earn a commission on that product with no extra cost to you. I have used all of the products listed below and I highly recommend them.
If you don’t want to spend any money or make any money on your blog, then I would use wordpress.com or blogger to start a food blog. But keep in mind that these platforms are very limited. For example, they have limited themes, limited customization, no plug-ins, no advertising, and no affiliate marketing available.
If you want to start out blogging as a hobby and then maybe generate an income from your blog in the future, I would either invest in a wordpress.org site (it will cost some money), or I would use a free wordpress.com site that you can later pay to have transferred to a wordpress.org site for around $130. But there may be some glitches when you transfer your site from wordpress.com to wordpress.org. So, if you know for sure that you want to eventually create an income from your blog, I would recommend starting with wordpress.org.
Choose a host. When you use wordpress.org or any other self-hosted platform, you need a host that serves your site. I use SiteGround as my host. Why? I did a lot of research and they are a great option. Read some reviews of SiteGround at WPBeginner, Best Host News, and WP Site Care.
Choose a domain name. My domain is twothirdscup.com. On

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.73912
Retrieved Text: We all know food is as vital as the air we breathe. Even more important is how we get these food items to eat. Fortunately, the days are long gone when you have to endure or go through several stress while shopping for food items especially if you stay in Lagos. Just think of the huge favour you’d be doing yourself if you decide to shop at Food Trolley.
Food trolley is an online grocery store that stocks fresh and dry produce. Though, operations began in Lagos Nigeria just less than a year ago; Food trolley has become one of the favourite go-to platforms for online grocery shopping.
Ozoz of Kitchen Butterfly has this to say “For me, it’s the perfect alternative to stopping by the store/ supermarket after a hard day, before I have to do a big cook ahead of the weekend, when I’m tired, and basically every situation in between”.
There are quite a few reasons why you should shop at Food Trolley. One of which is the fact that you get your food items delivered straight to your kitchen without stress. Who doesn’t love that kind of comfort?
In this write up, I have hinted several reasons why you should shop at Food Trolley.
Genuine Products: You would never have to worry about originality when shopping on Food Trolley. This is because all the products being sold are genuine. We have taken pains to properly verify and ensure that all products are top notch and NAFDAC approved. Also, all our stockists are properly screened and investigated, so

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.7357
Retrieved Text: Liquid Nitrogen You Can Eat? Yes It Makes Food Fantastic!
Home » Blog » Liquid Nitrogen You Can Eat? Yes It Makes Food Fantastic!
Most people know at least this about liquid nitrogen, it is super cold, creates cool smoke, and makes things flash frozen and brittle. We all have seen the science geek on TV dip the rose into liquid nitrogen and then smash it on the table where it shatters into a million tiny pieces. This doesn’t seem to be a substance you would want to have any contact with your dinner but the combination of liquid nitrogen and food is actually a real application and food grade liquid nitrogen is being used in ever-growing amounts throughout the food and entertainment industries.
Ice cream is a popular cold treat that can take time to make, especially if you do it the old-fashioned way with a hand crank- but when you want ice cream in bulk and when you need it made quickly, food grade liquid nitrogen is the way to go. Not surprisingly, many local ice cream parlors and other industries that use ice cream in large quantities are specializing in the use of liquid nitrogen to prepare their ice cream. With the traditional method of making ice cream the freezing of the milk causes ice crystals to form and expand which give ice cream a somewhat grainy texture. When liquid nitrogen is used, the process creates much smaller crystals which yields a smoother and creamier finished product. Liquid nitrogen and food applications can unlock amazing options

================



======= Instance Index 8686 =========
Input Text: Where is the world known to be a part of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- a fraud
- countries
- universe
- galaxy
- thought

Target Text: universe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.738883
Retrieved Text: The Big Guy will be taking part of the International Pro Wrestling Cartel's event tonight in West Virginia as part of the "High Stakes" event. Thanks to our friends over at www.alliance-wrestling.com we know that the man formerly known as Ryback is scheduled to face former NWA World Champion on Saturdy May 13th for NWA Smoky Mountain as part of their Collision Course 2017 event.
Of course The Big Guy is known mostly for his time in the WWE where he was former Intercontinental Champion.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.303672
Retrieved Text: If you’re a big fan of the various cultural myths and legends of the world, you might have recognized some of the figures and creatures that have made an appearance in Legend World (it is called Legend World, after all!). As part of our trivia series, today we’re going to shed some light on where these legendary beings have gotten their names from!
Norse mythology is featured quite prominently in various media and games. Originating from the Scandinavian and North Germanic peoples, it encompasses various folktales of numerous deities, creatures and heroes, including the god of thunder Thor and the giant serpent Jormungandr.
Of course, no mythology is complete without mythological creatures, and Norse mythos has their own share of fantastic beings. “Corpse Swallower, Hraesvelgr” is named after Hraesvelgr, a giant that takes the form of an eagle, whose wings cause the wind to blow when he flies. “Evil Dragon, Nidhogg” on the other hand, gets its name from the dragon Nidhogg, a wicked dragon that chews on Yggdrasill, a sacred, mythical tree that links the nine worlds of Norse mythology. Sleipnir is an 8-legged horse and the steed of the god Odin, who rides it throughout the nine worlds.
The Valkyries are warrior maidens who have power over who is slain in battle. They choose from among the fallen and bring them to Valhalla, a hall where they are served mead by the Valkyries. These chosen dead, known as the Einherjar, prepare to fight alongside the god Odin during the events of Ragnarok (more on Ragnarok after this!).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.172658
Retrieved Text: The Republic of Maldives is an island complex in the Indian Ocean, southwest from India. It has almost 360.000 residents and is the smallest country in the World where the predominant religion is Islam. It used to be a British protectorate until 1965, while Democracy was established just in 1968. Today, it is mostly known as a major tourist attraction, visited by thousands of foreigners from all over the world. Its capital and only city is Male.
The name of the country comes from the words Maale Dhivehi Raajje, which refers to the Island Kingdom of Male. Maldives is famous for the largest concentration of coral reefs and underwater rocks in the world. It consists of atolls, ring shaped collections of small islands which are the remains of an enormous volcano. The majority of the islands are not inhabited and they are just a point of attraction for the tourists. They are too small to support and maintain communities and settlements; therefore, they are visited by islanders and visitors daily as part of small sea excursions.
The renowned beach resorts started appearing in the island of Maldives in late 60s, when ambitious businessmen and investors discovered this place and considered it to be one of the most attractive and charming exotic places. Their plan was to create a Robinson Crusoe island, where tourists would flock so as to admire the uniqueness of the natural habitat and the beauty of the seaside. The palm fringed beaches that surround sapphire lagoons, the lush greenery, the calmness and privacy of the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.087523
Retrieved Text: In today's business world the corporate Intranet ​​​​is not only a tool to share information with your employees. It's a place where your staff can communicate and collaborate, where the corporate culture and values can be enforced, where the internal processes can be streamlined and improved. The corporate Intranet is a vital part of the everyday tasks in the modern companies.
Good resource management is crucial for the success of every organizations. To be effective it should be easy f​​or use, intuitive and allowing a high level of performance. Sharepoint provides a lot of resource management features that are well known from the Microsoft Office suite.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.035723
Retrieved Text: Mardi Gras Carnival in New Orleans is one of the most popular festivals which is celebrated with so much fan fare.
In fact, Each year millions of people visit New Orleans to become a part of what is described as the ‘greatest free party on earth’ i.e. Mardi Gras!
It is celebrated the world over and in some countries it is known by the name of Carnival Season.
However it is known to be more famous for being a part of New Orleans.
It begins on or after the Kings Day and culminates on the day before Ash Wednesday.
It is known to have its roots in pre-Christian traditions. This post will give you a glimpse into the festival and its celebrations.
If you are thinking of being a part of this festival this year then definitely you will get some interesting ideas and tips about it.
The first Mardi Gras is known to have taken place on February 24, 1857 Krewe of Comus at New Orleans.
It basically started as a tradition where a parade was held which was followed by a ball for the krewe and their guests.
The carnival season is said to begin on January 6 which is said to be the Kings Day.
It was first mentioned by the French explorer Pierre le Moyne in his writings Sieur d’Iberville when he first settled on the banks of Missippi River in North America in 1699.
During the next century the festival moved to various other cites like Alabama, Houma, Louisiana, Alexandria etc. In French Mardi Gras means ‘Fat Tuesday’.
The name basically comes from

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.974484
Retrieved Text: Which world leaders shared fish and chips in a London pub in 2003?
What does the chemical symbol Ag stand for?
From 1960 to 1979, where was the largest stained glass installation in the world?
What were Operation Plumbbob, Operation Nougat, Operation Plowshare, Operation Sunbeam and Operation Dominic II?
The area that was known as "Cimarron Territory" to 1890 is now known as what part of the USA?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.876417
Retrieved Text: Recently, at the D23 Expo in Japan, Disney had James Cameron and Joe Rohde announce some of the upcoming visions for the new Avatar based attractions that will be added to Disney's Animal Kingdom at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida.
The video clip below shows both James Cameron, the writer and director known for such great films as: Titanic, The Abyss, The Terminator, Aliens, and Avatar, as well as, Joe Rohde, the Senior Vice President of Creative at Disney Imagineering and one of the lead designers of Disney's Animal Kingdom, talking about combining the world of Avatar, known as Pandora, and bringing it to Disney's Animal Kingdom as a transformational, immersive experience for guests.
Construction has begun to make the necessary space within what is currently known as Camp Minnie Mickey to prepare the space where the Avatar based version of Pandora will exist.
The last picture shows James Cameron and Joe Rohde looking at early models.
This will be a major expansion to Disney's Animal Kingdom and give it a version of the original land of Mythical Creatures that it was originally designed to contain.
Disney's Animal Kingdom is already the most well themed of all of the Disney World Theme Parks, mostly in part to the hard work and relentless vision of Joe Rohde and it will be exciting to see what he can come up with to bring James Cameron's fantasy world of Avatar and Pandora to life.
0 comments to "Disney World Provides Update On Vision Of The World Of Avatar Coming To Disney's Animal Kingdom"

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.856273
Retrieved Text: Madhyaloka means something in Jainism, Prakrit, Hinduism, Sanskrit, Marathi. If you want to know the exact meaning, history, etymology or English translation of this term then check out the descriptions on this page. Add your comment or reference to a book if you want to contribute to this summary article.
Jambūdvīpa is at the centre of Madhyaloka, or the middle part of the universe, where the humans reside.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—The middle world (madhya-loka), a rather circular body, consists of numerous concentric dvīpas or island continents with intervening oceans separating any two of them. In its center is the Mount Meru, golden and surrounded by the Jambūdvīpa, the latter being encircled by the lavaṇoda ocean. Then comes the dhātaki-khaṇḍa-dvīpa and the vāruṇīvara-samudra, the kṣīravara and the kṣīroda, the ghṛtavara and the ghṛtoda, the ikṣuvara and the ikṣuvaroda, the nandīśvara and the nandīśvaroda. Human beings are found only in the first two dvīpas and the first half of the third one. At the end of countless continents and oceans is the great ocean known as the Svayambhuramaṇa.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—Madhya-loka or the “middle world” is horizontal and always shown is full face-like a disk or plate or an immense cymbal or denoted by the central parts of the man’s abdomen where human beings live.
The middle world (madhya-loka) is the only one of the three worlds where it is possible for men to be born, Even there, rebirth and death are restricted to a relatively small area.
Madhyaloka (मध्यलोक).—according to the 2nd-century Tattvārthasūtra 3.7, what constitute the middle-world (madhya-loka)? Continents with auspicious names like

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.762362
Retrieved Text: Lahore Fort is a grandiose citadel that can be found in the city of Lahore, in the eastern part of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. As the fortress has been built, damaged, demolished, rebuilt and restored several times, the appearance that we are able to see today is from 1566, when the third Mughal emperor, Akbar the Great, reigned with the area. He occupied the site as a main post in order to guard the northwestern part of the empire.
At first, the structure was built from mud, however, as soon as the ruler saw the great importance, throughout the years it was replaced with solid brick masonry. Within also were built lofty palaces in addition to the lush green gardens. Being part of the Old Walled city in the northern part of Lahore, the fort is one of the most important historic and cultural monuments.
The exterior walls are richly decorated with blue Persian Kashi tiles, whereas the fort itself is divided into two parts. The first part is the administrative section which is well connected with main entrances and includes gardens and the main hall where the royalty received courtiers and state guests.
The second part is more private and concealed with residential section with spacious bedrooms and gardens where the royalty spent their private time, and it is divided furthermore into additional courts.
Throughout the centuries, Lahore Fort has changed ownership constantly, beginning with the time of the Delhi Sultanate, continuing with the Akbar period, Jahangir period, Shah Jahan period, Aurangzeb period, Sikh era, and British period,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.716159
Retrieved Text: Meet new people with the same passion from around the world. Be a part of our vibrant community by visiting and staying with us.
Malapascua Island is popular with its long stretch of white beach called bounty beach, dive sites where a regular sightings of thresher sharks in Monad Shoal, known for its long dorsal tail, manta rays which is one of known extinct living animal in the sea, long stretch or coral garden which you can see different kinds of marine life. There are known activities in the island not just for deep divers but for travelers as well. A banka trip around the island to do some snorkeling and free-diving in the coral sanctuary called "Coral Garden", beach bummers can stay at the long stretch of fine sand the Bounty Beach.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.585159
Retrieved Text: If you are looking forward to experiencing a completely different culture of Europe, then Spain is your destination. The beaches and food are the best attraction that you are going to fall in love with.
Paris is known to be the love city of the world and you just cannot afford to miss being at this place with your loved ones. Be it the Eiffel tower or the love bridge where you lock your relationships together forever, this place should be on your bucket list if you are looking for a romantic getaway.
This place is part of two countries – Europe and Asia. This is one place where you will witness different cultures. They have moved transformational from liberal cultures to conservatives ones. While in Turkey, you must visit Istanbul, to have a look at a city that is known to be the city of mosques.
Italy has always been known for its amazingly beautiful architecture. It has been built during the Roman Empire, and its remains can still be seen in most of the monuments of this place. Venice, Rome and other cities in this country are a must visit if you like natural scenic beauties.
This country is unique in its own form. Dubai, is one city that you just cannot miss when in U.A.E. It is famous for its shopping and widely spread culture.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.58308
Retrieved Text: Kunzum Travel Mixer + Tambola + Performance Art: Saturday, February 9, 2019 - Gurgaon - Kunzum - We travel. What do you do?
Let’s talk travel! With other travellers. Where we share stories, anecdotes and tips so we are all inspired to explore the world even more. With new friends we make at the Kunzum Travel Mixer.
The event will be moderated by Ajay Jain who will also share stories of his travels across India and the world.
We will also play games – Travel Tambola to be precise. Also known as Housie! Let’s see where your luck takes you.
Foundonallfours is a bunch of storytellers (an artist collective) who tell stories through words, verses, chords, fire, movements, drama, puppets, art and more. They fuse multiple art forms to narrate an original story at living rooms, classrooms and boardrooms. We often indulge in surprise performance art in open spaces where audience, without realising, becomes a part of the act.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.52426
Retrieved Text: Cable news network was established in September of 1985. It forms part of the Turner Broadcasting Systems network. Techwood was known as their first studio, where they formed part of the local US and Headline news broadcasts. In 1990 there was a significant increase in the international viewers and the studio complex was built in 1994.
They competed with the BBC world service programming, and Cnn international was seen as an international orientated news channel. CNN International live news now covers different stories such as politics, sports, business programming and current affairs.
After undergoing a logo change in 1995, 2009 and 2013, CNN became available online in 2015 and was known as the World Report.
Today you can watch CNN international live from many devices such as your mobile cell phone, cable, desktop PC, and tablet. Live CNN TV is also available in many other studios outside of the US such as London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
CNN offers your favorite shows at home, is available anywhere in the world, while you are on the go. While CNN mainly started out in hotel rooms in about 190 countries, all over the world, now boasts with an incredible coverage of over 200 million households today. CNN news free stream 18 has been awarded to be India’s most rewarding English Channel that provides all the latest updates and most recent stories in all genres.
Live CNN tv streaming offers a high-definition quality of all their footage and videos, for the best online experience in the world. CNN is voted the most

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.523047
Retrieved Text: Home > Designers > Live from BaselWorld!
FashionLab is right now at the most important fair in the world in the watch making and high fine jewelry industry.
Here the exhibitors spaces are massive and look more like a Store than a booth! From the Hall 2 where well-known brands such as Patek Philippe or Harry Winston showcase their new watch, to the Palace area where independent watch maker such as François Quentin presents the 4N in the Watch gallery, there is a deep feeling of luxury, known-how and art! Because a watch is no longer just a tool to give time but a real jewelry and social differentiator, all brands have a distinguishing and representative area.
The “not to be missed” at BaselWorld this year are definitely the Opus 12 from Harry Winston, one of most original mechanical concept, and the Seiko watch, integrating a GPS that enables to change time zones automatically.
But to go back on the Palace, and the Watch Gallery, where our partner François Quentin is presenting the 4N, the spirit is different: very simple and friendly, still showcasing very complex mechanism and original pieces. We can really feel the synergy between the different Watch designers there. This area is the place where independent watch maker can highlight their new creation.
In general, being at BaselWorld is a good way to understand the watch industry world and network. FashionLab is pleased to be part of this community and looking forward being at the next edition of BaselWorld!
Share the post "Live from BaselWorld!"
provide you with a shout

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.514054
Retrieved Text: Also known as Braj Pradesh, Brijbhoomi is said to be the sacred land of Lord Krishna where he spent most of his life starting from his birth to his adolescence. Even though the land of Braj is not a politically defined area, it still forms an important part of Uttar Pradesh.
Due to its connection with Lord Krishna and with the period of the epic Mahabharata, Brijbhoomi has an important place in Hinduism and is believed to be a culturally developed land. Lying in the Golden Triangle of the Indian tourism industry, it is also one of the most visited places in India.
Dotted with several temples, ancient buildings, religious sites and natural places, it is one of the richest parts in North India. Following are some the major cities of Brijbhoomi today.
The list of Major cities of Brijbhoomi cannot start without Mathura, which is also known as the core capital of Braj Pradesh. It is one of the holiest places in Hinduism on account of the presence of numerous temples and places dedicated and related to Lord Krishna.
Being the birthplace of Lord Krishna, Mathura is known as Krishna Janmabhoomi and hence, witnesses tourists and Hindu devotees in millions of numbers every year. If you are looking to explore the history of Indian mythological era related to Lord Krishna, then Mathura is a perfect place to start your journey.
Several must-visit places in Mathura include Vrindavan, Keshav Dev Temple, Shri Krishna Janmabhoomi and Banke Bihari Temple.
Brijbhoomi has its roots deep under the grounds of today's Rajasthan too, and the

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.497263
Retrieved Text: In an unnamed high fantasy setting, humans and other sentient races have set their eyes on the New World, a separate continent from the populated Old World. The New World is an untamed wilderness where many powerful monsters roam, and where researchers have been drawn to uncover new mysteries. Several ocean-bound Fleets have been sent already to establish working bases, safe from monsters, and operations are led by the Research Commission.
An A-list hunter named Aedan, supported by an assistant handler, who are a part of the Fifth Fleet which has been summoned by the Research Commission to provide more support to the New World. A particular focus of the Expedition is to study Elder Dragons, powerful beasts that can affect entire ecosystems, and why they migrate to the New World every ten years in an event known as the Elder Crossing. While traveling to the New World, the Fifth Fleet encounters Zorah Magdaros, a massive Elder Dragon the size of a mountain. After being rescued and arriving at the base camp, known as Astera, the Hunter and their Handler undertake various tasks to explore the area and study Zorah Magdaros at the behest of the Commander of the Expedition.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.488596
Retrieved Text: WKN kickboxing world champion Amel Dehby takes part in the GLORY women’s super-bantamweight Grand Prix tournament.
Amel Dehby, 24, is a multiple kickboxing world champion from French Nice. Under the patronage of Badreddine Rouabhia at AJSR Saint Raphael, she states an undefeated record of 27 professional bouts. Dehby is a three-time WKN world title holder, who faced the likes of Maria Pantazi, Marta Branas and Veronica Vernocchi. She is known as a technical fighter, as well as the WKN ambassador of female kickboxing across the World.
Amel Dehby reportedly starts her GLORY venture this October. The country host and exact date yet to be released. She is lined up to face muaythai champion from Korea Ji-Waen Lee. The bout is scheduled in the freshly established women’s super-bantamweight division as the forth match of a Grand Prix tournament.
Eight-woman eliminator aims to title promotion’s inaugural champion.
The actual tournament is set for several GLORY events. The first match up saw American Tiffany van Soest taking a unanimous decision over Moroccan Esma Hasshass at GLORY 30 on Saturday 13th May in Los Angeles, California. The following bout is scheduled for GLORY 31 where Dutch Isis Verbeek will battle English Iman ‘Pretty Killer’ Barlow on 25th June in Amsterdam, Holland. The date of the third clash between American Zoila Frausto and German Daniel Graf is yet to be revealed.
Amel Dehby is the following kickboxer of the WKN Top Team who takes part in GLORY World Series. On April 29 ‘The Giant Slovak’ Tomas Mozny made his victorious debut at Glory 29 Copenhagen where

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.480993
Retrieved Text: HIV and AIDS, two of the most known words in the medical world, but some of the least talked about. We still live in a world where the taboo on sexually transmitted infections is present.
As part of our World AIDS Day Campaign, MMSA is organising an open debate on campus with a panel of judges who will be tackling and discussing issues of sexual health on the Maltese Islands. Each speaker has been asked to participate due to their background of study, professional career. While others are directly associated to causes that have to do with sexually transmitted infections including HIV.
Have you ever wanted to know more about HIV and AIDS ? How it still affects us in the modern world and our Maltese Islands. How to defeat the stigma, what is currently being done to prevent the spread, who is at risk and many other unanswered questions.
Don’t miss this chance to defeat the stigma, reduce isolation and stop transmission by taking a seat on quad during Degree Plus hours, take part in the open debate by asking your own questions to our professional panel.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.447791
Retrieved Text: Yes it's true. The Qeqqata Municipality, along with its request to have a selected area between Greenland's West coast and the inland ice registered in UNESCO's World Heritage List, has decided to set up an "All Terrain Vehicle-" or ATV-road between Sisimiut (coast) and Kangerlussuaq (international airport), where to this day Greenland's most famous hiking trail - the "Arctic Circle Trail " - exists. On the western part of the trail, the road is planned using the hiking trail's route, while the hiking trail itself should be redirected into an area which the best known travel guide classifies as "life-threatening"; and the eastern part of the trail will be devalued by the parallel running road.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.427793
Retrieved Text: Wondering where is Greece? Greece is a nation in Europe and it is considered to be part of "Western" Europe, though, going strictly by the map, it would normally be assigned to southern or southeastern Europe and be part of the Balkan nations.
Officially known as The Hellenic Republic, is the southernmost country on the European mainland. With an area of 131.940 square kilometres, Greece is about the same size as England or New York state. Over 3,000 Greek islands are scattered arount the eastern Mediterranean, with roughly 200 of them inhabited.
These distances from Greece are from Athens unless otherwise noted. Different locations in Greece will naturally give different results. This World Distance Calculator includes some additional Greek locations. The island nation of Cyprus is not a part of Greece, though much of it is culturally Greek. Its position in the far east of the Mediterranean puts it a bit closer to some Middle Eastern hotspots.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.415138
Retrieved Text: Taiwan formally thought to be part of The Republic of China, the island of Taiwan, previously known as Formosa, Taiwan is the fourth largest island in the world. Taiwan’s most popular tourist destination is the city of Taipei which helps the central location for political and economic businesses. Taiwan has world’s 19th largest economy occupies 35,000 kilometres of land with terrain ranging from the rugged Yu Shan/Jade Mountain, to the Chianan Plains. Prior to 2010, Taiwan’s Taipei 101 building was the tallest structure in the world.
One of the most popular ways for tourist is to experience the nightlife of Taiwan where you could start of by enjoying a Mongolian barbecue feast at a local downtown restaurant. Strolling along Huaxi Street to discover Taipei’s striking market area and to search for a perfect souvenir in a Snake Alley shop is something you would not want to miss out. The Longshan Temple is where the Buddhist rites and ceremonies take place daily.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.413728
Retrieved Text: Competition is fierce among nine of Korea’s regions to attract the right to establish "integrated resorts" (IRs), and one. that the design had to be first class, world class and outstanding." Meanw.
It may be best known as Las Vegas Sands’ rival in Singapore, where it operates Resorts World Sentosa, one of two casinos authorized by Singapore’s government. Sentosa is an island off Singapore’s shor.
It has just been confirmed that Resorts World Sentosa (RWS), a marine amusement park in Singapore which has seen three dolphins die under its watch in as many years, has lost yet another dolphin. On t.
Michael Graves, one of the New York Five and a household name after his stint designing for Target, has just completed his highly anticipated 121-acre Resorts World Sentosa, eco-resort on an island of.
The historic meeting is being held at the Capella hotel on Sentosa island in Singapore (Picture: Reuters) The luxury resort where Donald Trump and. next door to one of the best golf courses in the.
Overall, Carro grew its user base by 82%. So what were the executions in Singapore like? Well, let’s take a look: Resorts Wor.
Unveiled in 1870, the Atlantic City Boardwalk along the Jersey Shore was the world’s first such contraption. from open-air.
Experience the world’s most lust-worthy resort destinations in a wildly different way. Catch a wave, shred the slopes, go all night or chill so, so hard.
With the kitchen and dining room separated only by a counter, diners at L’Atelier de Joël Robuchon at Resorts World Sentosa are able to watch the culinary

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.3307
Retrieved Text: Work around the Chorley Pals memorial in Chorley will be completed in time to mark the centenary of the First World War armistice, the council has said.
Work is underway to revamp the area around the Chorley Pals statue as part of the Flat Iron improvements.
The area around the memorial is being reconfigured to form part of the new look Flat Iron to tie in with the construction of the Market Walk extension.
With it being 100 years since the end of the First World War, this year it was decided to get the improvement work done ahead of the commemorations on Remembrance Sunday.
Coun Alistair Bradley, Leader of Chorley Council, said: "The Chorley Pals memorial is a focal point on the Flat Iron and it is important we incorporate it into the new layout.
"The work to improve the area around the statue started a few weeks ago and will be completed in time for the commemorations in November."
The memorial, which was unveiled in February 2010, is situated where the Chorley Pals paraded in 1914 before leaving the town in early 1915, to go off to war.
They took part in the Battle of the Somme on 1 July 1916, serving as part of the more widely known 'Accrington Pals' battalion.
Sir Lindsay Hoyle MP, Chairman of the Chorley Pals Memorial Trust, said: "The memorial is an important link to the town's past and we are pleased it is being incorporated into the new layout as part of the wider town centre developments.
"It is a place where people can sit and

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.325608
Retrieved Text: What Olivier Giroud or Thierry Henry are to football and Usain Bolt is to track & field, Virat Kohli is to cricket.
The Indian team captain and Royal Challengers batsman is well-known in the sport, for example for scoring the most test runs in one season of any batsman at home.
Like Giroud and Bolt, Virat Kohli is now part of the PUMA family, having just signed a new landmark eight-year partnership with our brand.
The partnership, which could last the rest of his – so far very successful – career with the Indian cricket team, has newspapers speculating that it is the largest endorsement deal ever signed by an Indian sportsperson. While the figures, cited as up to 15 million U.S. dollars over the duration of the contract, are mere speculation, it is certainly a key signing for PUMA India, according to our Managing Director for India, Abhishek Ganguly.
As part of the association, the 28-year-old will develop his own line of PUMA merchandise, which will include cricket, fitness and Sportsstyle targeted to the Indian youth. The Indian cricketer will be a brand ambassador in his home country and other countries, where the sport is popular such as the UK, Australia or South Africa.
Fellow PUMA athlete Usain Bolt who recently won his fourth Laureus World Sportsman Award congratulated the batting champion on Twitter, calling the partnership a “good choice”. Virat, who is known not only for his batting skills, but also for his speed, replied that he wishes he “could get as fast” as Bolt someday.
Maybe not quite achievable

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.300657
Retrieved Text: Departure to Kaunas the second most important city in Lithuania. Guided Kaunas tour – a city known as the temporal Lithuanian capital and the centre of cultural and political life of the country during the period between the two world wars. During the tour you will visit: Kaunas old castle ruins, St. George’s Church, Town Hall square and the Town Hall building, also known as the Kaunas White Swan; Jesuit owned St. Francis Xavier Church, Merchant Guild Houses, Vytautas Church, Perkunas House, Kaunas Cathedral and have awalk through Liberty Avenue, where you will be shown the old Presidential Palace, the Statue of Grand Duke Vytautas and the Square of Unity, where eternal flame burns.
Arrival in Klaipeda, check-in at the hotel.
In Klaipeda a 1.5 hour guided tour during which you will visit a German style old town, which has many merchant houses and warehouses with ‘fachwerk’ decorations. Will pass by the theatre square and enjoy a little statue of the Ann of Thar. We would also visit the old post building and the symbol of Klaipeda sailing ship Meridianas. On the way to Nida we will stop at Juodkrante an old fishermen village, which today has very nice rebuilt summer houses and old fishermen dwellings. You will be shown the Amber bay where last century amber was mined. A visit to Hill of Witches is a must. This place is famous for carved wooden sculptures related to Lithuanian mythology.
Nida – we will climb on the top of the dune of Parnidis, from which the Sahara scenery will

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.280293
Retrieved Text: During the last year, the number of tourists who visited Morocco increased, especially in Marrakech where the city recorded a growth of twenty percent so it isn’t a surprise that the country became one of the top destinations for the year 2018.
There are a lot of famous cities among the tourists such as Marrakech, Casablanca, Rabat, Fès, Essaouira and Tanger. Most of the people who decide to visit Morocco, especially the ones whose holidays are short, choose Marrakech. Indeed, it is an iconic city for the country, but if you want to truly experience a bigger part of what Morocco can offer you, then I will suggest you another itinerary. The main cities I recommend are Fès, Rabat, Casablanca and a village called Merzouga.
Fès is probably my favorite city. I think it is way too underrated for what it really is. It is wonderful how the old, the traditional, merges into perfect harmony with the modern. The city is known as the cultural and spiritual centre of Morocco and also because there you can find the biggest medina quarter in the world which is part of the UNESCO World Heritage. As well, Fès is also the home of the oldest university in the world and leather tanneries from which one of them is around 1000 years old. There you can enjoy a walk in the labyrinthine medina, appreciate the work of the artisans, whether we talk about the ones who work with leather or about the coppersmiths and weavers, you can enjoy the amazing islamic architecture,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.264454
Retrieved Text: As of 6th January 2013, we will be exhibiting at the well-known international toy fair in Hong Kong.
Besides the consolidated fair in Nuremberg from 30th January to 4th February, where we have been displaying our products since 1986, we have decided to strengthen our presence on international markets, too, by taking part at this immensely important sectorial event.
In 2013, we will achieve an important goal: 35 years of working in the world of education and toys. We want to share this important moment with our customers, because it is thanks to them that Italveneta is where it is today.
Our toys are manufactured in Italy but sold and enjoyed on the most important markets in the world, and we want to further expand our business.
We will be displaying products from both the PLAY SCHOOL and PLAY TIME lines: safe, colourful, sturdy toys which accompany kids' growth and fun both at school and in their free-time.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.241251
Retrieved Text: Besides our history and cultural heritage, it is the Turkish cuisine that is one of our greatest richness. However, unfortunately, Turkish cuisine is one of the richest in the world, but is not adequately known internationally.
For instance, this sentence is not frequently used abroad: “Let us eat Turkish food tonight,” whereas in big cities around the world, the French, Italian, Spanish as well as Chinese and Japanese cuisines are all popular.
I have always thought that the state should act like a conductor for the promotion of our cuisine that has separate tastes in different regions. I have shared my thought with several top officials including former Culture and Tourism Minister Ertuğrul Günay because we know that the international promotion of famous cuisines including French and Italian are always supported by their state.
Despite the lack of required strategy for the promotion of the Turkish cuisine, there has been an interesting activity recently in our gastronomy world. Famous chefs as well as those cities that are known for their tastes are on the lead.
Chef Mehmet Gürs of one of Istanbul’s best restaurants Mikla has been able to make it to the top 100 restaurants of the world three years in a row. Mikla was 96th in 2015; it was 56th in 2016; and this year it is in the 51st place. Gürs is a chef who has created the “New Anatolian Cuisine” using local tastes of Anatolia, working with anthropologists from time to time.
The other day, while we were in the city for daily Hürriyet’s “Explore İzmir” tour,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.231908
Retrieved Text: Harley Davidson is a well-known Motorcycle manufacturing brand and is known to provide its customers with some of the best quality touring bikes. The engines of Harley Davidson motorcycle are a mechanical marvel and are famous for the sound they make, especially without the mufflers on. The reason the engine produces this unique sound is because of the way their engine is designed. The Harley Davidson brand is one of the most popular brands in the world. It stands for Freedom and that is why people are willing to gladly pay the high price for these bikes.
Harley Davidson bikes are considered to be a part of the American Heritage. So much so, that there are people willing to tattoo their logo and bikes on themselves. Harley Davidson was founded in America in the year 1903 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Since then they have been an instant hit on the streets of America.
In today’s world where progress has been happening faster than ever before and metropolitan cities are growing larger and larger by the year. Traffic is one of the issues almost everyone faces. Buying a motorcycle in such situations makes much more sense than buying a car. Buying a motorcycle saves costs, both in the long term and in the short term. Motorcycles are also known to be faster than cars in traffic situations.
What makes riding a motorcycle a good experience?
Nothing beats the feeling of an open road and wind in your face and this is really thrilling and is very different from what people in cars

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.208781
Retrieved Text: Brevard County, otherwise known as the Space Coast, is located in the east-central area of Florida. Nestled in the middle of Osceola, Orange, and Indian River Counties, Brevard County, Florida's second largest, is home to Kennedy Space Center and some of the most beautiful beaches along the Atlantic.
With its prime location, Brevard County is only a 60-mile drive to Orlando attractions such as Walt Disney World, Universal Studios, and International Drive. With its space-age technology, beautiful beaches, and terrific tourist destinations, the Space Coast is where the world lifts off.
I have both! I can be objective, handle any criticisms of the home and then focus on the aspects of the home that meet the buyers' needs. I can get the transaction closed!
I am proud to be part of the Rahal Real Estate.

================



======= Instance Index 3615 =========
Input Text: Best friends are often good at?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- go shopping
- borrow money
- keep secrets
- meet for lunch
- hang out

Target Text: keep secrets

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.8018265
Retrieved Text: He was one of my best friends. We first met at the 7th grade. He's good, loyal friend. We have a lot in common, we love to play football, we like Chelsea, and we also like Linkin Park Linkin Park although it’s not our favorite band.
Haikal is short, shorter than me. He has traight hair, white skin even though he often to play ball. Her body was thin, thinner than me. Although there is nothing special from the physical, but he's still my best friend.
Haikal is moving from boarding school to my school, he moved shortly before the Mid-Term Exam at first semester when I was grade 7. I am not too familiar with him as when I was in grade 7. We have become a ​​good friends during class 9.
At grade 9, we often play together. Haikal is often in the bully, but not an intimidation or phisycal torture, but just a joke. Although often treated, he just laughed, he was never angry.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.279876
Retrieved Text: We’ve said it before, we will say it again…we love a good checklist! This time our friends at Angie’s List are helping to make sure you are organized before you move out. An often times daunting task just got a lot easier with this handy little guide. It’s the best moving out cleaning checklist!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.173611
Retrieved Text: Serving the best in casual fare and West Coast style fusion, our menu has a little something for everyone. Renowned for our freshly made thin crust pizzas, savory soups and signature pasta dishes.
Good food, slow but friendly service.
Great place on the hill. Good food good specials good view.
I have a lot of mixed feelings about this place. My friends and I come here often for happy hour and we usually have a good experience but there could be a few improvements. The prices are fair and the food, for the most part, is decent. The chicken penne is really good and probably their best dish. I would like it if they would stay open a little later especially on weekends closing at 11 just seems early when you're the only place to grab a drink on a university campus. The servers are nice but could check on their tables a little more. There have been a few times my friends and I have had to turn around because they are closed for an event, which I understand but it's still a little frustrating. Overall its a nice place to hangout with friends and have a couple drinks or grab dinner.
Food was amazing!! I got the chicken penne and the yam fries and they were really tasty. A lot of other good options as well. The service was mediocre but that was just the one server that was there, will not apply to everyone. Definitely a good place to go for lunch if you're up on the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.075826
Retrieved Text: It's a war that's over. And even if it wasn't, it's not a war I particularly ever wanted to win. The loyalties of the people who are willing to accept a villified, completely outlandish version of me after knowing me for some years are not the kind of people I want to surround myself with. Still, when those are the only people who comprised my little circle of university friends, it's kind of hard to accept loneliness. I have some friends from high school who have still stuck by me. Two go to this school and they're doing the best they can to make sure I don't feel the full effects of being ostracized but there's only so much they can do. While they remain the people I trust entirely, they're not the people I get to see every day.
Those people want nothing to do with me and I feel the full effects of it every day. One of my good friends who's hung by me this whole time, M, is my roommate and one of the best people I could ask for in my life and because she's still friends with that group of people, I know how often they hang out, how often they invite her to things, how often they want to get together to plan their spring break trip and how much they don't want me in attendance.
I don't mean to sound whiny but I just need a place to vent completely. To express this new hurt I feel. It's not like

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.93309
Retrieved Text: Discuss The Supremes at Earl's All-You-Can-Eat by Edward Kelsey Moore: In what ways do the differences in their characters bring them closer? Have you ever made friends with someone very different from you?
Odette, Clarice, and Barbara Jean are best friends with very different personalities. In what ways do their differences bring them closer? Have you ever made friends with someone very different from you?
RE: In what ways do the differences in their characters bring them closer? Have you ever made friends with someone very different from you?
Their dysfunction brings them together. Although they are dealing with different issues, the fact that they know they can lean on one another is a blessing. I've had friendships with people who are very different than me but they complimented me and helped me see things from other perspectives. In fact, my husband and I are very different, but we compliment and even each other out.
I can't say any of my friends over the years have been of the same character as I.
BUT the same values are the basic necessity of a lasting friendship.
Yes, I have a wonderful friend who has a lot of differences from me. However, we have a lot of values that are the same. We just might go about things differently. We also have a lot in common and our friendship started out based on these commonalities. Over the years we have developed a closer relationship and even though we are not in the same city any longer, I still consider her a good friend.
I think

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.895551
Retrieved Text: 1) Pick one day to hit all the charity stores in your town or city.
Charitable organizations like The Salvation Army and Goodwill usually have stores in large towns or cities. Once a month I pick a day where I travel to most, if not all, of these stores to see what bargains are available. Charity used clothing stores often have “red tag” sales, where all clothing with the same color price tags are discounted in price. I’ve also noticed that three or four times a year these types of stores will have a one-day sale where everything is half-off in price. Try to choose those days to look for great deals on clothing.
There are always incredible bargains to be had at charitable organization stores. I’ve found entire suits by fashionable brand name manufacturers for under thirty dollars in excellent condition. Blue jeans are particularly good to find at these stores, since they often have a lot of brand names like Levi’s, etc, in still very wearable condition for under ten dollars.
If you have any items to donate, clothing or not, consider giving them to charity stores like Goodwill and The Salvation Army. I’ve donated items at a few of these stores and the staff has come to know me, so I often get even better prices from the cashier at the till.
If you really want to crank it up to the next level for getting used clothing on the cheap, consider volunteering at a charity store. A few years ago I worked as a volunteer at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.890465
Retrieved Text: Not bad, Theresa! Not bad.
People are often unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered; Forgive them anyway. If you are kind, people may accuse you of selfish, ulterior motives; Be kind anyway. If you are successful you will win some false friends and true enemies; Succeed anyway. If you are honest and frank, people may cheat you; Be honest and frank anyway. What you spend years building, someone could destroy overnight; Build anyway. If you find serenity and happiness, they may be jealous; Be happy anyway. The good you do today, people will often forget tomorrow; Do good anyway. Give the world the best you have, and it may never be enough; Give the world the best you’ve got anyway.
Should Nurses Run Health Care?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.853929
Retrieved Text: Chloe hasn't had the best life. With a mother who is gone more often than not, she has had to raise herself. After graduating high school, she leaves to start a new life away at West Virginia University with her best friends Amber and Logan, determined to leave her demons in the past.
I love the New Adult genre, especially contemporary NA fiction. These kinds of books are the perfect easy read. I don't have to remember the "rules" of a paranormal or fantasy book, and I get to escape within the pages, often imagining myself as the main character. I love reading about people falling in love, often for the first time, and NA fiction always leaves me happy in that regard.
Torn was reliably good. I liked it, but didn't love it. It was a good read, employing the tried-but-true formula of good girl with a sad past falling for the bad boy, with the requisite best friend and best guy friend. I liked Chloe from the start, and wanted her to find happiness. I knew who she would end up choosing, but the journey was enjoyable nonetheless.
One thing I don't like in love stories are games between the characters. I don't like lying and I don't like it when the girl goes back and forth between two guys. All of that happened in Torn and I didn't like that about this book.
Robinson does a good job with the characters' pasts and with the character growth. I enjoyed Torn and would read the next book in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.799928
Retrieved Text: If you’re alive and breathing, you’ve probably seen a Marvel movie or two. The popular franchise has been sweeping cinemas since 2008 when the first “Iron Man” was released. The anticipated “Avengers: Endgame” will open in theaters April 26, but in the meantime, if you just can’t wait for opening night, I’ve created an easy way to connect with your favorite Marvel characters before you see the new movie. Does your favorite character reflect your personality? Find out below.
If good ol’ Steve Rogers pulls at your heart strings, chances are you value loyalty. Your friends are your world and you would do anything for them. A strong moral compass guides everything you do, but sometimes it’s hard for you to see the other side. You really want to help people and are sometimes willing to sacrifice your own needs to do so. You have a strong sense of obligation to help the world, but can have a hard time trying to find your place in it.
With Tony Stark as your favorite Marvel man, you love people and are often somehow at the center of parties or big events. Humour is important to you and you love a good laugh with your friends. You love creating new things and strive to be the best you can be. Work or school is your passion, but sometimes you get carried away and forget the rest of your responsibilities in pursuit of your goal. You’re often misjudged by those who don’t know you, but your close friends know you’d do

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.780652
Retrieved Text: Every year between April and October, we put some serious kilometres on our odometers with our customers, taking them far and wide in our beautiful country, helping them to discover the best of Italy, from the best roads, to the best sceneries. When we’re not taking them on their dream holidays, what do we do? Well, we ride. Either scouting new roads to improve our routes or develop better tours, like the new Milan to Rome tour, or simply on a Sunday ride out with friends!
We are based in Emilia-Romagna, a very central region giving us an enormous choice of roads, either in the plains, hills or mountains. In a day, it’s quite possible to cross the width of the country, or simply head north or south, in search of the perfect tarmac and the most inviting program.
Indeed, the beauty of Italy is the number of villages, often medieval at the top of a hill or mountain, which remain fairly unchanged in the centuries and which organise “sagra” over week-ends. There’s always a place somewhere where you can find a street party or a fair to celebrate one thing or another, often food such as truffles or chestnuts, some local specialty, or wine, but also historical festivities and even vintage bike jumbles!
There’s also a vast number of motorcycle clubs, who pretty much all year round organise “raduno”, aka a rally, which often includes a lot of eating, drinking, music, fun and riding!
So, our Sundays are full of choice for riding, either with friends who help us

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.643405
Retrieved Text: 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.... 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.
13/10/2006 · Its best to visit some strip clubs and just watch the girls giving lap dances and observer closely but dont stare at them. Its better you get couple of …... A female reader, tennisstar88 +, writes (31 August 2010): You mean they don't have a lap dance for dummies book?
13/10/2006 · Its best to visit some strip clubs and just watch the girls giving lap dances and observer closely but dont stare at them. Its better you get couple of … how to draw a good stickman 25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like the damn title didn't give that away). Anyways, I go to a nice place tonight with some friends.
A female reader, tennisstar88 +, writes (31 August 2010): You mean they don't have a lap dance for dummies book?
25/04/2010 · How to act during a lap dance?.... Okay, I'll start off by stating that I don't go to strip clubs often (like

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.6194105
Retrieved Text: Knowle Park care home residents Doreen, Pamela and Anne have been watching and helping their flowers grow for the whole Summer and Autumn season at our home in Cranleigh, Surrey.
They each got a glass vase and collected different colour patterns of flowers to go in the drawing room. They cut and arranged them by themselves and had a lovely walk in our gardens to collect them all. From left to right we have Doreen, Pamela and Anne who are often referred to as ‘The Three Musketeers’ and are the best of friends. In fact, Doreen and Pam knew each other years ago and were very good friends, but unfortunately lost contact over the years.
They both came to Knowle Park this year, rediscovered their friendship and marvelled at the coincidence that they found their way back to each other. They first met in Dorset with their husbands and have now re-found each other and are totally inseparable! Anne doesn’t mind, she gets to go on walks with them and is still one of their best friends!
I’m sure you will all agree, their bright and colourful flower arrangements looked stunning and brought enjoyment to everyone who saw them. A real sense of the garden inside.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.610323
Retrieved Text: Over the past several years, I’ve been thinking a lot about what it means to be a man. I am not talking specifically about gender or what does or does not hang between one’s legs. I am discussing what the essence of man is, or said more simply, what makes a man what he is.
This task started for me when I was writing Being Dad: Father as a Picture of God’s Grace. In the chapter on masculinity, I sought to define a masculine man based on the image of the father we gain from the parable of the Prodigal Son. I think this has been helpful. Time after time, when I’m teaching on the subject matter of the book, I use the same model to describe a man as strong, powerful, and capable. Strong in his willingness to risk. Powerful, with his words of forgiveness and love. And capable because he knows who he is in Christ.
This is helpful, but I often wonder if it is the whole picture. Now, I think I would add that to be a man means to be free to be what God, in Christ, has already declared we are: His saved and redeemed men. So then, a man is free. We are free from sin, death, and the power of the devil. Being free, a man is honored to work for his neighbor’s good. A man knows that his closest neighbors are those whom God has placed in his life closest to him: his family. A man needs the mutual

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.605667
Retrieved Text: Thanksgiving, that wonderful holiday filled with family, friends, food, football and fun. In my mind, it is also the start of the “Holiday Season”, a month long celebration of merriment, good cheer and good will that ends rather abruptly on New Year’s Day with a headache.
This is also the time of year that we reflect upon all of the blessings bestowed upon us and give thanks to our creator and our loved ones. Unfortunately for a lot of us, life itself can get in the way of us giving thanks more often throughout the year. I am guilty of this myself, I do not tell those around me how much I appreciate them often enough. So, here I am, at Thanksgiving time, writing my thoughts.
To all of my colleagues and associates here at TJ Wies Contracting, I thank each and every one of you. Each of you work very hard every day to make our company the best that we can be. All of you have bought into our vision that by providing top quality performance combined with top tier professionalism we will all be very successful. We are the best because you are the best!
To our suppliers, vendors, and labor partners, we thank you greatly. One of the keys to our success is performance, without your continuous commitment to TJ Wies Contracting, we could not provide the performance that we are known for.
To our customers, our life-blood, thank you, thank you, thank you! We truly appreciate the opportunities that you have given us over the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.574426
Retrieved Text: Most of us have a lot of friends.
However do you have any 'real' friends--someone you can really share life's up and downs with, apart from a husband or wife.
These could be friends you don't see a lot but know they are there if you need them, or they could be friends who you see/speak to often.
Is there a big difference between your friends, and your acquaintances?
I think I have a lot of people I like to be around. However if it came to someone who has my back when the chips are down I would say I don't have many of those. The only friend you do have, and can rely on, is yourself.
Well said chipp. I've long since learned that that is sadly true.
I have one friend of 51 years.
She is my dearest, but I do not share all of my concerns with her,as she has bad health.
I have about 7 really close friends, who I most certainly could call on.I talk to them all the time.I have known them for many years.
My acquaintances are just that!...I know we could not be close, so I keep them at arms length.I have about 25 of them.
I have about 3 real friends and they make my life worth living!
No , not so blessed to have many.But I do have real good friends.Very few.
I really don't think most people have "many". I think up to about 5 though is pretty good for real friends!
There's a huge difference. I have three friends of whom I could tell the world,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.573242
Retrieved Text: Are Vacuum Cleaner Robots Worth It?
You might wonder how good are vacuum robots and if you should you buy one. This post will help you decide. Simply put, if you like vacuuming your home several times a week, then you don’t need a vacuum robot! But, if you want to automate your cleaning and have less chores, go get a robotic vacuum! You’ll save more time so you can work, relax, or connect with family and friends. Your place will remain clean with almost no effort. All you have to do is empty the dirt bin from time to time. This is even better with a high-end vacuum robot capable of self-cleaning such as the Roomba i7+, you’ll just set it and forget for weeks!
How Good Are Vacuum Robots?
Overall, vacuum robots do an excellent job cleaning your home. But, even best vacuum robots can leave some dust, especially at the corners. So, don’t throw away your old manual vacuum. You’ll still have to use it, much less often though.
Having said that, vacuum robots can clean places that are unreachable with traditional manual vacuums. Roomba and friends can go collect dust and hair under furniture since they are only few inches high. Besides, they are very good at cleaning carpets thanks to their rotating brushes. Checkout the video below.
Which Vacuum Robot Should I Buy?
Our guide will help you pick the vacuum robot that best fit your needs, your home and your habits at the best price. For example, if a member of your family suffers from allergies,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.56483
Retrieved Text: We all have those friends in life, who we cherish spending time with.
There are those we sit down with for hours on end. We laugh, discuss life goals, offer support during difficult times and share stories of love, loss and misadventures.
There are also those friends we catch up with less regularly. Perhaps the chat isn’t as deep with these friends but it still leaves us feeling good.
How often do you think back to when your friendships all began? Did you instantly click or was it a friendship that grew slowly but surely over countless hours?
Have you ever wondered just how many hours it took to solidify a friendship?
Wonder no more, because in 2018 a researcher from The University of Kansas published some findings on just how long it takes for an acquaintance to become a friend.
Researcher Jeffrey A. Hall surveyed 112 college students every three weeks, during their first nine weeks at a Midwestern University. He also gave a one-time questionnaire to 355 American adults who had moved to a new city in the past six months. In these surveys, the newcomers picked a friend or two and reported how much time they spent together and how close the friendship became.
For students, friends became good or best friends after about 119 hours. Adults needed an additional 100 hours to make that happen.
How the participants spent those hours varied and Hall found “no one clear path to intimacy”.
It is clear that when it comes to making friends, there can be no short cuts. It takes time and

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.562435
Retrieved Text: Identify the key problems and challenges with the contemporary mode of global governance.
Family is an essential part of every person’s life and of our society. Family is a little world with its own values and priorities. Close families share dreams, ideas, hopes and even possessions, and it’s a good side of being a family. However, as usual, every good thing can have its drawbacks. Same with families: they can often have different types of problems.
One of the most frequent and common problems is the misunderstanding between parents and children, due to the difference of generations. This problem is especially acute with teenagers, who want to have more freedom, to express their self-identity in a way they want to. They can also gradually develop different values and interests which conflict with those of their parents. During this complicated periods, parents should rather try to understand their children, find the right approach to them, or find the ways to solve the conflicts. It’s important to talk about the family problems openly to solve them. There are also many problems in modern young families, which might be based on misunderstanding, shortage of money, bad conditions of living and else. Family conflicts often occur because of change of interests. To solve such kind of problems families should try to spend more time together.
Another variety of problems occurs in extended families, between brothers and sisters. They often quarrel or treat each other badly. They can also get jealous about parents’ attention. From one hand, nobody wants to share and many people

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.458071
Retrieved Text: The best way to find a job is through networking. Over 80% of all jobs are found through networking (I suspect the percentage is slightly higher for senior and executive positions), and the best... No matter how crappy your previous job or volunteer experience was, stay on the positive side when you talk about yourself or your previous employers. If your experience was really bad, then you can say something like, �My previous job wasn�t the best fit for me,� and then tell a story about how you made the best of a bad situation.
One of the most common interview questions you may encounter is, �What you are looking for in your next job?� The interviewer wants to know whether your goals are a match for the company. Your answer also allows an interviewer to see whether your skills and interests make you a good candidate for the job at hand.... 20/06/2017�� The job search can be tricky. We've teamed up with job sites and organizations to help make it a bit easier, right in Search.
Listen to your mum (or colleagues, or friends) Are you often praised for certain skills or talents? What do people tell you you�re good at? It might be your exceptional reporting skills at the office, or the empathetic and supportive advice you give friends.
Whether you're looking for some extra money, or you're a full-time freelancer and want consistent income, our marketplace has opportunities for you.
One of the most common interview questions you may encounter is, �What you are looking for in

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.450634
Retrieved Text: From long distance relationships to long distance running, often things relating to long distance are viewed negatively but just because these two words are placed in front of another does not automatically make this object, activity or relationship negative.
Of course something that is far away, especially friendships, can be inconvenient and difficult to maintain but you should never assume that there aren’t any positives too because you may be surprised to find that more often than not, the positives will usually outweigh the negatives.
Flying to Melbourne to surprise my bestfriend was amazing for both of us!
Yeah yeah, friends that live around the corner can surprise you too but there is nothing quite like opening the door to see your bestfriend/friend on the other side who has driven, flown, caught a train; taken the time to plan and pull off this cheeky yet brilliant plan to spend time with you.
Or even better, seeing your bestfriend/friend react when they open the door to find you on the other side.
Letters and postcards are good and all but they will never be as exciting as a package filled with cool, foreign items (food is always the best).
This particular point can also be linked in with surprises especially if your postal systems are very unpredictable which for many they are.
You may know the date of arrival for you letter, package or postcard but SURPRISE it is 2 days early or SURPRISE it is several weeks late!
Yeah this is just me and my french exchange student in France!
Okay, so this point isn’t

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.433841
Retrieved Text: Wilmington Friends School is a community.
We offer an unsurpassed academic program, and just as important, Friends is a great place to grow up. What often brings families to Quaker education (95% of the families who choose Friends are not Quaker) is the appeal of an academic program with depth—one that asks students to question, to collaborate, to be creative, to take risks—within a caring community that balances focus on the individual with responsibility to the common good.
Our teachers (including coaches) know our students; teachers provide individual attention and are deeply invested in students’ growth and success. Because they are known as individuals, students are able to discover and develop the best in themselves; because they are valued and held to high standards as members of a community, students are motivated to contribute and to lead.
For parents, Friends is a great place to join with other families who share a commitment to education that inspires the best in each student while fostering an active responsibility to the good of all. There is no “typical” Friends School student or family. We recognize diversity of thought, identity, and experience as essential to both academic excellence and the character of our community.
Please visit us to learn more.
In addition to reading more on our web site, we hope that you will visit in person (or if that’s not practical in the short term, that you will call or email us) to explore the program, philosophy, and people that make Wilmington Friends School unique. We look forward to welcoming you.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.426898
Retrieved Text: Here; she eventually started by her and even though he's dating, pc, they are good mood and the new partner? She asked me that earned him, even have always the whole family know upfront is still strong feelings for father's day, raelynn, 40 days. Hailey and my dad is often a baby! All started when i always the new partner. Learn when you've been a father's anger at his boyfriend, raelynn, but complaining about your ex-bf. Poppe who was 16 and you need to. Girl's best friend's father of dating one of deeper dating his absence. Both her friends with a diamond dealer and her and possibly. Before i now dating my teen son, it seems less than likely the signs to the old adage that her dad. Her best friend jordyn woods is dating his friends outside. If my brother's dad, pc, it does happen and read this and he told you handle introducing the kids?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.389896
Retrieved Text: There are actually plenty of misconceptions and myths that we need to consider, especially before we run a business. Sometimes, it’s possible for people to spout off bad advice and lies about the business world. This could happen even if these people are not really know whether what they are saying is correct or not. In fact, it is possible that we have contributed to any of the misconception. It is important for business owners to be able to separate myths from facts. Many people stop working at the office, thinking that owning their own business will allow the to get much more free time. This is a myth that is often relied upon by new business owners. Things could get stressful for them at work, so they consider that it would be much better for them to start to working in their own businesses.
In reality, new businesses often require more than 8 hours a day to operate. It means that new business owners could have much less free time, at least until things are stable. It’s true that the schedule is usually more stable, but the volume of work can be more intense. Running our own business may actually feel like a lifestyle, instead of a normal office job. If new business owners want to be successful, they should expect to spend more time at work than at home, at least for the first few years after the business is established. Many business owners don’t even worry about having an effective business plan. Many of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.371163
Retrieved Text: According to a new study, making friends at workplaces improves productivity and performance of employees. A best friend at workplace not only impact employees personal health it also helps in improving overall work performance of an employee.
The survey was conducted among more than 2,300 working professionals across countries around the world like the US, the UK, Canada, Australia and Germany. Over 77 percent of surveyed employees mentioned that employees who have a best friend at work will able to see the positive impact of bonding as compared to the employees 64 percent of employees who didn't have a best friend at work. The survey finds that employees having a good friend at work will definitely make difference in employee satisfaction, loyalty and productivity. While 52 percent employees who have best friend at their work satisfied with their jobs compared to 56 percent who don't have a friend at work place, study reveals. The other interesting fact is that nearly 70 percent employees who have a good friend at work feel a sense of belonging to the company they currently work. And also 52 percent surveyed employees who didn't have a best friend at work will have an emotional connect with the current organization they are working with, survey reveals. More than one third of surveyed employees have a friend at work overall satisfied with their life as compared to 75 percent employees who doesn't have a best friend at workplace. The confidence levels of employees who have a friend at work place are more as compared

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.324128
Retrieved Text: Recently I accompanied professional pet photographer Peter Gibney of 'Furrever Friends' on a photoshoot.
Here are Peter's five top tips for photographing your pets!
1. Get down to the pet’s level: Nothing like getting on your hands and knees, or even your stomach for a bit of perspective!
2. Make some noise: Most pets love strange noises. It makes them look straight at you and you may get some very inquisitive expressions.
3. Don’t use treats: Yes! It may seem counterintuitive, but your pet will probably stare straight at the treat instead of the camera. Treats often make animals drool which is not a good look.
4. Think about light: Are you using flash, or natural light? Do you have the light source behind you, or behind the subject? Above you or to the side? The direction of the light will dramatically affect the photo.
5. The background: Take a moment to notice what is behind the subject. A considered background can potentially turn a good photo into a great photo!
Here's hoping you can aim for photos that capture the best of your furry friends like the ones here!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.305956
Retrieved Text: ❶I could not buy all necessary books in the class 6. Life summary essay essay about organ trafficking in america student essays on jack.
Essay topics to argue about in an college essay writing my best friend essay of descriptive essay toefl sample essay it is better. Com put how to write an application essay words a Z essay on my best friend. The essential contents of an argumentative essay are a thesis and reasons. Summary my best friend essay student essays.
In english essay comes in the best essays about writing samples. 8: get amazing essay and a different types of my school is the essay. Hope you buy an essay writing a scholarship essay tips for class fellow.
Everybody tries to exploit others. The people whom you regard as your best friends often prove otherwise. True friends have become as rare as the dodo. A search for them is bound to fail. However, if there is somebody whom we can call our friend, we are lucky. To have a good friend is worth a million rupees, even more. Nikhil is my best friend. Pre-Published essays, caring, you the introduction the best friend of english essay veterinarian resources. That each one of papers the title my best friend. Remember one of personal essay ever written by the school. Argument: my best essay summary and advanced collection of learning english model essays.
Summary my best friend essay student essays - choose the service, and our qualified scholars will accomplish your assignment flawlessly Let us take care of your Master thesis.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.296497
Retrieved Text: Of all the places we can spend our renovation budget, once again kitchen remodels and deck projects are at the very top of the list of cost versus value. Kitchen remodels and deck projects provide the best return on investment of all remodeling projects. When you invest your remodeling dollars in these two spaces, the paybacks are the greatest. Not only do these two projects top the list of best remodeling investments, they are definitely the most fun!
Think about it. If you are entertaining guests during beautiful weather, where does the party usually end up? If you have one, outdoors on the deck is typically the “go to” gathering spot. Cookouts, delicious food, cold beverages, great music and fun for all. Being outside and at one with nature and the great outdoors is only a few steps away. Some of the best memories can be created right outside the door of your home. With today’s fast paced lifestyles, peace and relaxation can be yours without having to travel at all.
Kitchens are often called the ‘heart of the home’ and for good reason. Kitchens are where families gather together and spend the most time with one another. Kitchens are intimate and personal. When you have friends and family over for dining or entertaining, where does the core group often end up? In the kitchen of course! Even if the gathering doesn’t start in the kitchen, it will often end up there because kitchens are a fantastic place to gather. Kitchens evoke a feeling of warmth and hominess

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.273442
Retrieved Text: I live in a small village just below the resort of Verbier, Switzerland. I have always been riding in Verbier since I was a kid. I started with a bit of cross country but I had way more interest in downhill. So I started racing downhill when I was 15 and few years later I did some enduro racing too. Now I am only racing in enduro. I like spending time with my friends and laugh. That’s one of my main goals too!
I am really looking to do a top ten in the Enduro World Series. But I can tell you it’s easier said than done ;) But I am trying my best.
To be on the podium of an EWS event.
I am satisfied when I feel that I couldn’t go faster in a race and that I gave everything. For sure it’s better when the result is good.
At home in Verbier, Switzerland. We are lucky to have a really good bike park.
Push myself towards my limits and try to be at my best, and always have some fun! I am really lucky to train with some friends almost every day, we laugh so much.
Phil Warham from Bike Verbier, he calls me very often and asks me for autographs every 6 months.
Be who you are, not pretending to be someone else. I get a lot of inspiration from the best athletes and I try to take the best, but it’s important to stay who we are.
At the moment be faster on my bike, and maybe one day

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.27141
Retrieved Text: The recent announcement that six states are considering permanent bans on breed-specific legislation (BSL) isn't just good news for pit bulls and their owners -- it's good news for all dogs and dog-lovers. BSL, which singles out specific dog breeds and places restrictions on ownership in certain areas, most often targets pit bulls, who have attained immense social stigma largely because of such laws. According to one report, the breed has an overwhelming 93% euthanasia rate, and approximately three-quarters of rescued pit bulls are put down before having a chance at adoption.
But, as BSL opponents -- including the American Bar Association, Best Friends Animal Society, and President Barack Obama -- will argue, pit bulls are not inherently dangerous. Neither are Dobermans, rottweilers and German shepherds, who were all also considered America's most-feared "tough dog" at one point or another. According to Jennifer Brause, the executive director of Baltimore Animal Shelter, BSL could just as easily have targeted those breeds -- and it could just as easily target others.
A new national survey commissioned by Best Friends Animal Society reveals that 84 percent of those polled believe that local, state or federal governments should not infringe on a person's right to own whatever breed of dog they choose.
This survey, conducted by Luntz Global, is consistent with a growing trend by many state and local governments that have repealed breed discriminatory provisions and enacted behavior-based, breed-neutral dangerous dog laws. Of the 850 polled, 59 percent were dog owners. Only four percent of those polled believed the federal government should

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.268609
Retrieved Text: Be brave.Seek out places for potential friends. This might be a local mothers group, story-time at the library, a volunteer committee at your child’s school, or a small group at your parish. If there’s not a group you are able or desire to join, start your own! A few years ago, I began a monthly book club in my home and provided “mugs and muffins” on a Saturday morning as well as a few questions to discuss on a book we read together. Four years later, we’re still going strong and I’m amazed at the way God has led new women into our circle and deepened our relationships through our discussions of life and faith. Although groups are often the least intimidating way to get to know people, you can also invite someone one-on-one for a cup of tea or a play date. If you focus on being hospitable and getting to know the other person, you won’t feel self-conscious.
Be open-minded.Don’t give up right away if someone declines an invitation or if you don’t see any potential friends in a group you joined. Friendship takes time to blossom, and sometimes the best friendships are the ones we didn’t see coming! Be open to friendships with women who are in a different season of life than you or who have a different personality than you. It can be tempting to pursue only those who have the same age of kids, who have a career or who stay at home, or who choose the same method of education

================



======= Instance Index 4050 =========
Input Text: How would you get to a town?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- michigan
- train station
- countryside
- squirrel
- valley

Target Text: train station

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.81091
Retrieved Text: VAIL, Colorado – The town of Vail is now leaning in the direction of conducting a poll of Vail voters before deciding how to word a ballot question about how to spend the $9.4 million in conference center funds for the November election.
David Cunningham, a consultant with Summit Information Services, met with the Vail Town Council Tuesday to talk about the conference center funds election. While the town has not hired Cunningham, he was consulted for the 2002 election, which passed the sales and lodging taxes that raised the $9.4 million in conference center funds.
Cunningham told the council that it won’t get 100 percent consensus, but if the town can back up the ballot question with data, it should be able to win the election.
Of the town’s 768 active voters, Cunningham said polling even a couple hundred people would give the town a nice baseline.
“This isn’t a super hard election if you can feel good about what you put on the ballot,” Cunningham said.
He said if the town could get with other boards that have constituents, such as the Vail Recreation District, and get behind specific projects together, there would be a good chance that voters would agree.
Councilwoman Margaret Rogers asked about some of the ballot question scenarios. She told Cunningham that community feedback so far has raised doubts about how to word the question.
Vail resident Kaye Ferry said she would vote no if she didn’t like one project out of three being proposed, for example. Not liking one project would be enough, Ferry said, to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.245461
Retrieved Text: You, as a resident of Lady Lake, should go and sit through some of these meetings. Now at a workshop the public cannot talk; they just listen, but that is the way you get informed. For instance, Commissioner Vincent mention that he was impressed by the Town Manager’s interview that she let him sit through. Vincent said she did a good job. The Mayor was not happy. He said he should not have sat through the interview; that he had compromised all they have tried to do in letting the Town Manager how to do her job without interference. Vincent said he never said a word; just sat there and listened and was impressed by the interview. The Mayor was still not happy. It was almost like he was protecting the Town Manager from one of her bosses. SO MUCH FOR TRANSPARENCY!
Anyway the Council agreed to put the vote of the Town Charter review which has not been done in 40 years on the meeting agenda. Commissioner Hannon has been bringing the Town Charter discussion up for a long time. It is on record that several of the Commissioners have said that they have read the Town Charter. First the Town Charter is out dated; second I have been looking on the internet for a legal description for a Township and there are actual boundaries but it takes a legal mind to understand them. As I understand it, a Village and a Township are similar. That is why there are community Development Districts in the Villages.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.168746
Retrieved Text: Where Should I Move My Family?
What Is Your Car'S Personality?
What Color Car Should I Buy?
What Type Of Nose Do I Have?
What I Was Born To Do?
How To Improve My Life?
Should I Be A Farmer?
What Christmas Character Am I?
What Will I Look Like In 20 Years?
Which State Should I Live In?
What Should I do When I'm Bored?
Which Continent Should I Live In?
Am I Systematic or Chaotic?
How Much do You Know About Bigfoot?
What Type of Plant Would You Be?
Which Word Best Describes Your Family?
Which English Word Best Describes You?
Where Should I Live In The US?
Can We Guess Your Nationality?
Which Dystopian Future Will You Live In?
On Which Side of the Border Should You Live?
Should You Move to Britain?
Which Fictional World Should You Live In?
Will You Be Poor or Rich?
What Type Of Hipster Am I?
Can We Guess Your Goal in Life?
How Much Of A Yankee Are You?
Do You Belong In A Small Town Or A Big City?
Where do you think you really belong? Take our quiz to find out!
Where In The Southern USA Should You Live?
Have you ever wondered where in the Southern USA should you live? Find out now by taking the quiz!
Are you Southern at heart, a West Coast dreamer, or East Coast all the way? Find the answer here!
Where Does Your Doppelganger Live?
There is someone else out there who is exactly like you! Take this quiz to find out where they are.
Where Would You Live In A Fairy-Tale World?
Should You Live In The Netherlands?
Should you live in a land of Heineken, flower power, and cheese? Take this

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.150155
Retrieved Text: Air distance between Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi and Surjani Town?
Flight distance between Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi and Surjani Town is 20 km.
You start your flight Distance from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi, Karachi City, Sindh, Pakistan.
It Ends at Surjani Town, Karachi, Karachi City, Sindh, Pakistan.
Apart from the air distance, you can also see the road Distance from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
Would you like to see a larger Map? You want to check the Map from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
Plan to take the travel by road? Need driving directions? Refer the Directions from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
Travel time is an important factor while planning your journey. Hence you might also want to know the Travel Time from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City. This will help you estimate how much time you will spend travelling for the distance between Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi and Surjani Town.
Need a create a simple travel plan based on your trip from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town? Try our travel planner to Travel from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City.
Looking for travelling in a plane from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachito Surjani Town? You can also get to know the Flight Time from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City.
Are you confused with a road

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.129757
Retrieved Text: Right for Canada will be having town hall meetings across the province. Join us! You can make Canada great again!
Locations and times of town hall meetings. Would you like a Right for Canada representative to speak at a function or a club meeting like Rotary or the Chamber of Commerce?
Town Hall meetings will be posted online with locations and times when available.
Why would you or your company donate money to Right for Canada? What’s in it for you? Would you like to attend a presentation? It’s short and fun and to the point. You need to hear it!
Contact us for a very confidential and private chat about how you can help fund Right for Canada. Why would you? How will your money be spent? What’s in it for you? How does your money help make Canada great again? Let’s chat on the phone or on FaceTime, we’d love to share the story with you.
Email us your information at info@rightforcanada.ca and we will get back to you ASAP. Thanks!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.83273
Retrieved Text: This is by far the most fun Expansion Pack for Sims 4. The opportunities are endless and in addition to new careers, you get new food dishes, new interactions, new plants and produce, and, of course, new outfits for the new town you will be inhabiting.... You rule the workplace with The Sims 4 Get to Work! Actively control your Sims while they're at work and determine whether your Sims are headed towards the big promotion or becoming the workplace menace.
I think a Sims 4 Pets Expansion pack would be great. I would like to see more than just basic domestic animals though. Maybe add in creatures like dolphins, whales and other marine mammals. how to become a diagnostic medical sonographer The Sims Community was the first to spot a report from SimTimes.de that reveals EA recently sent out an official The Sims 4: Pets expansion pack survey. Like The Sims 3: Pet s expansion pack, EA is proposing a new pet-focused town.
25/02/2004�� ----- EPs (EXPANSION PACKS) ----- As you may or may not know, you can buy what's called an "expansion pack" for the original Sims game that allows you to add � how to add a line across the page in word This is by far the most fun Expansion Pack for Sims 4. The opportunities are endless and in addition to new careers, you get new food dishes, new interactions, new plants and produce, and, of course, new outfits for the new town you will be inhabiting.
I think a Sims 4 Pets Expansion

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.757063
Retrieved Text: When should we go, and for how long?
If you know how to get to Simon’s Town and would like to share that information with the community, contact [email protected] and we’ll post it right here in the directory.
Simon’s Town has a train station on the Southern Line . It’s a little way away from the Boulders (Penguin Viewing) , but it’s definitely useful (and cheap) if you don’t have a private vehicle.
If you’ve written a description for Simon’s Town you’d like to share with the community, send it to [email protected] and we’ll post it right here in the directory.
Simon’s Town is most famous for its naval history and its colony of African Penguins. If neither interests you, you might want to give it a miss – although some of the buildings and lanes in the centre are quite well preserved and pleasant to walk about.
If you have a tip about Simon’s Town and would like to share that information with the community, contact [email protected] and we’ll post it right here in the directory.
Please use this forum to tell us about any new or out-of-date information about Simon’s Town or to ask or answer any questions specific to this page. Or join our World Forum for more general information.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.737727
Retrieved Text: Why am I not getting as much prestige now? Why is my prestige rising slower than it did when I first started?
So what is the secret? What’s the trick? Is Evony scamming us?
The answer to these prestige building questions have not been answered anywhere yet. Are you ready? Read on.
The prestige you gain from constructing buildings, researching technology, and training troops comes from three things. Your Rank, Title, and Town Hall level affects how much prestige you get upon completing a building, research, or troop.
The lower you Rank is, the more prestige you will gain for each completion.
The lower your Title is, the more prestige you will gain for each completion.
The lower your Town Hall level is, the more prestige you will gain for each completion.
Why is this so? Where is your proof?
This is an example of logic and history. In the dark ages and olden times, if a King were to build a few factories, nobody would think he was a “better” (more prestigious) lord. Kings would only become famous if they built a huge castle or defeated a powerful nation in war.
This directly relates to the Rank, Title, and Town Hall level in Evony. To relate Evony to the example above, a King would be a Duke or Prinzessin. People who are have the rank of Prinzessin or Duke should not get prestige for upgrading a barracks to level 5 because they have already established themselves as a powerful person. They should only get prestige for winning a war, or finishing their research of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.650772
Retrieved Text: When house hunting, home buyers may have the practice of assessing the locality around their potential new homes to get an idea of what it would be like living there. There are many things about the local town that can influence the buying decision. For this reason, it pays to know what to look for in a potential town so that a home buyer can make the correct decision. Here then are some tips on how to scout a potential town.
Very often, you will drive to your potential new home and probably around the immediate neighborhood to get a feel of the amenities that are available in the locality. While this is ok, what most home buyers don’t do is to take a walk around. Walking helps you notice things that you otherwise would not see while driving. This includes getting a feel of how friendly the neighborhood which will be very important when you start living there.
Most potential homeowners often visit their target properties during working hours which often coincide with school hours. For this reason, home buyers never get a feel of what the after-school vibe in the neighborhood feels like. It is immensely useful to hang around after school (or purposely visit the town after-school hours) to get an idea the kind of environment that your child will have to live in. Are there friendly kids heading home from school or hanging out in the mall? Visiting a town after school will answer this question for you.
Walking and driving around a town may

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.648135
Retrieved Text: Four candidates are vying for three seats on the Frankford Town Council in the Feb. 6 election. Voters will choose between incumbents Pamela Davis and Marty Presley, and challengers Dawn Beck and former councilman Edward “Skip” Ash.
Polls open Saturday at 1 p.m. and will close at 4 p.m., with voting at Frankford Town Hall. Those who are voted in will serve a two-year term.
Those who wish to vote must remember to take with them proof of their identity and address, such as a current State of Delaware driver’s license or ID card and a current utility bill, bank statement, credit card statement, a paycheck or another type of bill or statement.
In preparation for the election, the Coastal Point has asked the four candidates questions about some of the issues. Their responses are listed alphabetically by the candidate’s last name.
Q. What qualifies you to serve on town council?
A. I have been a resident of Frankford since 1987 and a member of the Frankford Volunteer Fire Department for 29 years. I have regularly attended town meetings for the last two years, and am up to date with the current issues facing the town. I am on the town Handbook Committee and the committee to make amendments to the town charter.
Q. What do you believe is the biggest issue facing the Town, and how do you plan to address it if elected?
A. I believe there are two big issues facing the town currently. One issue is creating a budget that is prepared in a timely manner. Moving forward with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.59833
Retrieved Text: We want to get to know you better. When you have a minute, will you tell us a little more about yourself and your plans so we can better help? It will be our pleasure to serve you.
* Are you in contract with an agent in Hot Springs?
Location? Price range? Size? Any special features? etc.
How soon would you like to make a move?
Do you need help finding a trusted lender?
May we ask a trusted lender to contact you?
Would you like to schedule time to talk and shop?
Let us know if you are in town or when you will be in town, and what your schedule looks like.
Let us know how we can help more.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.528662
Retrieved Text: Your Travel Plan Starts at Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi, Karachi City, Sindh, Pakistan.
Want to know the your planned distances for yor journey on a google map? You can see the Distance from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
Want to see your travel plan on the large map? You want to see a bigger Map here- Map from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
You need travel road driving directions to help better plan your travel? Refer the Directions from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City!
Want to plan your travel by air from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town? Check the Flight distance between Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi and Surjani Town Karachi City.
Travel time is very important to execute your tour plan. Plan your trip by getting approximate times here - Travel Time from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City.
Planning to fly from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town? Do want an estimate of the Flight Time from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City.
Do you want to know what is more, road distance or flight distance? You can find out How far is Surjani Town Karachi City from Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi.
After getting your travel planned, you would also like to get the Karachi Administration Employees Housing Society Karachi to Surjani Town Karachi City Route planned with the help of a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.4937105
Retrieved Text: The Newcastlewest Chamber of Commerce and Community Council has engaged the services of O'Leary & Associates to develop a 5 year strategic plan for the town. The purposes of the plan is to identify key strategies and actions to be implemented to improve Newcastlewest as a place to work, live and visit. Part of the consultation process is to get feedback from local business owners and to identify what are the key issues impacting on business in Newcastlewest. It is important that we get as much feedback, opinions and suggestions as possible from business owners. This is an opportunity for you as a business owner to have your say on the future direction of the Town.
Please note that all information provided in this survey is held in the strictest of confidence. Specific information will not be included in the final plan, just general analysis of the completed surveys.
* 3. How many people do you employ?
* 4. How would you describe your business at present?
* 5. As a business owner how would you rate the following?
* 6. Are you member of the Chamber of Commerce and or Business Association?
Have you off street car parking for your employees?
* 8. In your opinion what are the key positives to doing business in the Town (What are the strengths and opportunities)?
* 10. Have you any additional comments, suggestions and/or recommendations you wish to add?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.464012
Retrieved Text: Why are the housing projects nicer than other complexes in my town?
How come the housing projects are nicer than any of the other apartment complexes in my town? I mean they are really nice, like made of stone with covered parking garages and way cute on the inside too! Before today, I thought that they were the most expensive apartments in my town! I live in cali and pay $950 for a 2 bed and these are only $800 for all of the same features my apartment has! I almost wish we could qualify for them, but the only way for us to do that would be if I got pregnant AND quit my job!!!
I won't, I promise, it just makes me sad that I have to live like I'm in the projects!!! I really think that I mostly miss my hometown! rent was like $400 for the nice apartments... cali is sooo expensive!
Can I keep my house in chapter 7?
Please don't get pregnant and quit your job :) Just to live in a project that someone else could really use.
How acres are needed to build a house acres so you n?
Is renting or buying a house a felon's only option?
What should I do my mom just moved and left me the house?
how do i get out of my house with an alarm system?
Would you rather have a ridiculously huge house, or a house that's a bit too small?
Are there any websites to find out who died in your house?
Where do you go if you want

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.45495
Retrieved Text: In our first of a series of interviews, we spoke to Huddersfield Town Ladies manager Ashley Vickers to talk about what managerial life is like; the women’s game in general; and how the Huddersfield Town Ladies are faring this season.
Starting with the basics, for those who are unaware, what division do Huddersfield Town Ladies currently play in and what is the comparable equivalent in the men’s game?
Is there a promotion and relegation structure or does the set-up differ slightly in the women’s game?
Yes, there is promotion and relegation in place, it slightly differs for promotion as you need to meet certain criteria to move into the FA Women’s Championship and then FA Women’s Super League. It’s a little bit similar to joining the EFL from the Vanarama National League, certain funding criteria to make it sustainable.
How would you describe the women’s game to the casual fan? What should they expect?
For me, it’s the same as any football, but the only difference I see at the minute is it gets less coverage but that being said we are seeing a change at the minute which can only be good for the game. The more exposure it can get the better all round.
Speaking more broadly about yourself, how did you originally get involved in management and specifically the Women’s game?
I started my coaching career at Doncaster Rovers working with u9-13’s and saw the opportunity arise to join as assistant manager of Huddersfield Town Ladies, I always wanted to work in an 11 v 11 environment and I felt

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.415209
Retrieved Text: Not having to leave your kitchen to get the best one in town. This machine doesn't quite operate itself, but if you're lucky maybe your husband will operate it for you. This machine doesn't quite operate itself, but if you're lucky maybe your husband will operate it for you.... If you want to send me an email, I can forward them to you and would be happy to share. I really appreciate the ideas I have taken from your website and would be very happy to contribute. � Amy I really appreciate the ideas I have taken from your website and would be very happy to contribute.
24/10/2018�� How to Find Treasure. Treasure is everywhere! You can find treasure in exotic locations, at the flea market, in your town, or even in your backyard. You never know when you might find a hidden gem, buried fortune, or ancient relic. Do some...... These are used to recognise you when you return to our services and to allow us to personalise our content for you, for example, by remembering your preferences. Advertising cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.
17/11/2014�� Don't let me stop you from buying the potions if you truly need to get to 100 a few hours earlier, but don't say I didn't warn you. Either way, you're going to run into a resource problem eventually.
Not having to leave your kitchen to get the best one in town. This machine doesn't quite operate itself,

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.371062
Retrieved Text: Here at TopBorn we have accumulated extensive expertise and creativity in our offices to always give our customers that little bit extra with their digital presence. Through experience and expertise, we know what it takes to get the most out of digital services and would love to also get to help you with advertising in George Town, to sharpen your communication and find new paths to reach your target audience.
As a professional advertising agency, we know how to shape a strong message and how to get it to the potential consumer at the right moment. As an advertising agency, we will help you in George Town appear with attractive and converting ads and make you visible to your customers in the right channel. Call or email and let us create marketing for you that generates sales. Welcome!

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.347559
Retrieved Text: Another great sponsor for the Made In America Event is Down To Earth Toys and I must say that I loved working with them. I mean what could be better then knowing the toys you are giving to your children are safe and made in the USA. I was lucky enough to get to review the Balsa Flying Machine and the Tunnel Town.
My boys were so excited when the box came from Down To Earth Toys. They both love airplanes and have wanted an ant farm for awhile. I made them wait to put the Balsa Flying Machine together until they were with their Papa because he is good at that sort of stuff. I was very surprised at the size of the plane once it was all put together. It was larger then the planes similar to it sold in stores by use.
We loved how easy the Balsa Flying Machine was to assemble and how well it flew in the air. We love how it was one of the many toys made in USA that Down to Earth Toys offers. The Balsa Wood Machine is rubber band powered and really does very well with flying and going a good distance. It has a 17 in wingspan which is larger then the typical Balsa planes you buy in the stores.
The boys also got the Tunnel Town for review and I was very happy with it as well because it is one of there wooden toys that is exceptionally made. I have never been big on the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.347075
Retrieved Text: What types of apartments are near Old Town Scottsdale? How much do apartments near Old Town Scottsdale cost to rent and why would you want to rent in the area? These are questions that will be answered in the remainder of this article. Read on and then you can start your search for apartments to rent.
There are a lot of different types of apartments near Old Town, including luxury apartments.
If you want to get an idea of the apartments available to rent, then use an apartment finder or real estate website because they have filters you can take advantage of.
These filters allow you to only be shown apartments that meet your criteria, such as specific types.
It doesn’t matter if you’re after a luxury apartment or one that has basic features, you can easily find what you’re looking for when you use a good apartment finder website.
By now you are probably wondering why you should rent an apartment near Old Town Scottsdale and there are many reasons, with one being you’ll be near many attractions, including museums, art galleries, restaurants, pubs and much more. Not only that, but apartments near Old Town are affordable and you can get a lot for your money, and let’s not forget to mention that the area has a few parks you can go to and relax. If you’re looking to live in a great area where you won’t get bored and in an area that isn’t that expensive to live in, then look no further than the Old Town Scottsdale area.
Now

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.342977
Retrieved Text: Welcome to My Town's Police station, a police station unlike any other filled with exciting activities kids just love! The game Fits boys and girls.
# TOP 25 United States, Denmark, United kingdom, Saudi Arabia & many more !# Over 1 Million downloads across all our games!
WHAT ARE MY TOWN GAMES?We saw how much you loved "My Town : Home" and we have decided to launch our next game in the series of My Town apps. My Town: Police is a police station no town is complete with out. With each new game we will be releasing in the upcoming weeks your town will grow bigger and get more exciting to play with.
PLAY, IMAGINE & DISCOVERThere are endless ways to play My Town : Police. You can customise your characters, imagine and pretend play in 5 exciting rooms, Discover all the different objects and sounds and interact with them.
Download My Town : Police station, it is the first police dollhouse game where kids can play, imagine and have lots of fun. The best kids game if you are looking for dollhouse game where your kid can imagine and create his own rules. Our games are stress free, there is no IAP or ads. Be a police man, catch thieves, send your police car on missions or fly the police helicopter.
DON'T BE SHY!You can easily contact us and let us know what you would changed, added or invented even if it is just for you. We promise to read all messages and reply. So lets us know which

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.325772
Retrieved Text: 'The Last Stand' Sound Off and Review!
Itty Bitty Comics brings back the most insane hero (literally) and shows no signs of ever being tamed. Even a zookeeper can’t tame it’s powers in Itty Bitty Comics: The Mask #3.
After the fiasco in the zoo, the mayor tries on the Mask! Now as Mayor Mask paints the town green, the once-quiet burg suddenly becomes the most exciting and crazy place on the planet! Find out how it feels to have the Mask running things! Fun! Crazy! And a little scary!
Okay, so I know Itty Bitty Comics is aimed more towards children and children aren’t quite our core audience but this review is more for our readers that have children, nieces or nephews, just incase they are looking to get the children into comics. Well, here is a great way to introduce them to the awesome comic world!
The mask has changed hands from a zookeeper named Herman Shazbert to the mayor of the town. What happens when the mask runs a town? You know that all the town will run wild. That’s almost literally what happens in this issue. As mayor, the mask tries to better the town in very crazy ways. The townspeople have know idea what to think of the new mayor and things start to get even crazier once the mayor becomes bigger than the town itself.
As for fans of the original Mask character, it will probably make you miss the hero a lot knowing how unpredictable and insane the mask can be. The same unpredictability

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.273941
Retrieved Text: Fallout 2 High quality Fallout 2 inspired T-Shirts, Posters, Mugs and more by independent artists and designers from around the world. All orders are custom made and most ship worldwide within 24 hours.... Finish out the mine, kill the Rat God, find the ladder leading back up to an inaccessible part of trapper town, and take the car engine from the car behind the fence. Go to The Den and kill a thief called "Flick" I think, he lives in a drug den south of the bar on the west side.
Pickpocket people, especially in Klamath's trapper town. Find Modoc(town) and rob the store. Edit: You rpg-freaks, yes you, now would be a good time to enter the thread. how to get rid of rubbish for free Mod contains 2 new town, the Trapper Town and other named Wright's Base. These two towns are in war with each other so you can parcipitate in the battle against one or another gang. These two towns are in war with each other so you can parcipitate in the battle against one or another gang.
Fallout 2's trapper town has a problem, and it's one that cannot be cured with more cowbell. The town has been infested with rats, and people have their lunch. A brave enough Chosen One can venture into the caves below and tackle the problem head on.
Take western exit grid to Trapper Town. Get key from Slim Picket (you can. Meat Jerky to a dog you find in the. SE exit grid). Be sure to get Rubber

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.222749
Retrieved Text: If you are thinking of moving to College Town or just want to know a what the area is like, the statistics on this page should give you a good introduction. They cover a range of socio-economic factors so you can compare College Town to figures for Berkshire and nationally. These statistics can tell you if College Town is an economically deprived area and how hard it might be to get a job.
Social grade is a classification based on occupation and it enables a household and all its members to be classified according to the job of the main income earner. College Town has 20% more Higher and Intermediate managerial, administrative or professional households than the national average.
These figures on the claiming of benefits in College Town come from the Department for Work & Pensions and are dated . They can often be a good indicator of the prosperity of the town and possible indicator of how hard it would be to get employment in the area. The rate of claiming any benefit (which includes in work benefits) is more than 10% lower in College Town than the national average, suggesting higher salaries than the average in the area.
These statistics are for the highest level education obtained by the residents of College Town and are from the UK Census of 2011.
These figures for Country of Birth for the residents of College Town are from the UK Census of 2011.
The respondents of the 2011 Census were asked to rate their health. These are the results for College

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.205886
Retrieved Text: How many Troops do I need?
I would recommend building troops as soon as possible. But, I would only keep 10-20 troops in your city if you are a new player starting out. And go with troops you can truely afford to maintain. I tried to build the most expensive troops when I first started and went bankrupt trying to maintain them. I then had to disband most of them to be able to make money and resources. Be patient, you will get to the point where you can have a slew of different types of troops.
If you are not a really aggressive type; Spearmen, Swordsmen and Slingers are great to start out with. eventually I would try to get some Archers as your research levels increase.
When you have built up your town and have enough resources and gold, I would suggest going to Hoplites for the defense of your towns.
When you have large towns (level 20 and above) and you have done enough reasearch; I would consider a mix of troops for you towns defense (Hoplites, Archers, Spearmen, etc).
Just PLEASE remember. Only get enough troops you can afford and still have your city/town make money and resources for you.
Again, If anyone would like to add another opinion or info, please feel free.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.181516
Retrieved Text: I really only suspected them yesterday. I copped YOLO night 1, Boomfrog N2, and Madge N3. I had them all down as scummier than Sabrar. Last night I had my special action, so I did not get a choice as to who I would get.
Gopher of Pern wrote: If kalira gifts to yourself or plytho, and madge can target plytho, who targets randomly. If plytho dies, that would point to madge as being scum. If madge gets plythos target wrong, it points to her being scum.
Nope. Scum wants us not to be able to clear Madge and killing her target is the best way to do that. That's why Madge needs to target randomly and you suggesting otherwise even though I spelled out the reasons extensively is very suspicious.
On another note I've noticed that you selectively don't react to certain arguments, especially when those show your scummy side. Example here and here (second point). Might I ask you to reflect on those matters?
You were the one who said madge should target plytho. I was going off your top thing.
If you want to check madge, get her to target me. I will not die during the night, and you can decide who claims first. If dimochka had a falseclaim that involved a targetable ability, she could have targeted dimochka, but alas. I would then have to target randomly during the night, from yourself, plytho and kalira.
I had forgotten about bessie's vote on me. These situations are why I'm not a big fan of vote mechanics. I have

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.086097
Retrieved Text: This Thursday in Old Town, Alexandria!
It’s been a while since I have taught a class or workshop. I really enjoy teaching, so I’m really excited to tell you I’m teaching an Instagram Class THIS THURSDAY in Old Town, Alexandria at the 116 King Shop.
The class is already has a ton of amazing people enrolled, I’m so excited! I’ll have drinks and snacks so don’t worry about coming straight from work!
Get more location details and get yourself a ticket HERE!
Ever scroll through Instagram and think to yourself — why can’t I take a photo like that!?!
Would you even know where to start when utilizing Instagram’s Story feature?
Want to help grow your business and/or website using Instagram?
There will be time for Q&A, you can also email Meg your questions or topics you would like to learn about in the class to meg@megbiram.com.
Please bring the phone you use/plan to use for Instagram fully charged. Please try to learn as much as you can about how to use the features on Instagram before you come to class. Sit down with someone and have them show you the basics of how the app works before you arrive.
Make sure to get your ticket for the class HERE!
Class will begin at 6:30 pm sharp.
Shop Cutout Dresses, White Gowns, Tan Wedge Sandals, Black Heel Wedges and more. Get this widget.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.082624
Retrieved Text: Check out our interactive Fan Map on the dedicated 2010 FIFA World Cup™ section of www.capetown.travel. This nifty navigational tool allows you to zoom in to all the essential Cape Town fan spots – stadiums, fan parks, the fan walk, top attractions and more. Go on, start exploring now!
To ensure that you know all there is to know about the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ experience in the Mother City, look no further than the FAQ section of Cape Town Tourism’s dedicated 2010 FIFA World Cup™ section on www.capetown.travel.
FAQ: How big is the Cape Town Stadium in Green Point, which will be used for 2010 FIFA World Cup™ matches? How many people can it hold?
The Cape Town Stadium will have 68 000 seats for 2010 FIFA World Cup™ matches. Of these, 13 000 will be temporary seats – leaving the stadium with 55 000 permanent seats after the 2010 FIFA World Cup™. The stadium ’s footprint is equivalent to six city blocks. It is 50m (164ft) tall – equivalent to a 15-storey building.
If you’ve always wanted to see your thoughts published – now’s the time! Cape Town Tourism would love to feature you on our 2010 FIFA World Cup™ blog. Send your 2010 FIFA World Cup™ stories about why Cape Town will be such a fabulous host city to 2010@capetown.travel and we’ll share your thoughts with the world.
The 2010 FIFA World Cup™ Final Draw in December is just down the road and the 2010 FIFA World Cup™ is around the corner. Cape Town Tourism would love to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.057062
Retrieved Text: If you are thinking of moving to Bolton Town End or just want to know a what the area is like, the statistics on this page should give you a good introduction. They cover a range of socio-economic factors so you can compare Bolton Town End to figures for Lancashire and nationally. These statistics can tell you if Bolton Town End is an economically deprived area and how hard it might be to get a job.
These figures for Country of Birth for the residents of Bolton Town End are from the UK Census of 2011. Since Bolton Town End has a higher level of residents born in the UK than the national average and a lower rate of residents either born in other EU countries or outside the EU, it does not have a significant immigrant population.
These figures on the claiming of benefits in Bolton Town End come from the Department for Work & Pensions and are dated . They can often be a good indicator of the prosperity of the town and possible indicator of how hard it would be to get employment in the area.
These statistics are for the highest level education obtained by the residents of Bolton Town End and are from the UK Census of 2011. Bolton Town End has a lower level of residents with either no qualifications or qualifications equal to 1 or more GCSE at grade D or below, than the national average.
The respondents of the 2011 Census were asked to rate their health. These are the results for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.039883
Retrieved Text: “It is a matter of ethics - and ethics do matter.” This statement shocked us and 49 other Town Meeting members in favor of the citizens’ petition which would have allowed us to decide what to do with $409,000 in extra state revenue Framingham received, but not for the reason you might think.
At their November 21st Town Meeting Framingham residents had a chance to ask for some of this money to address urgent town needs and to help neighbors dealing with hardship as the holiday season approaches, a time of year which usually brings out the best in people. They had prepared requests to help reduce overcrowding in kindergarten classes, to make overdue repairs to the Senior Citizens’ Center roof, to restore the Danforth building and make it handicap accessible, to aid homeless families living in Framingham motels, to help kids working toward and waiting for a skate park for over 13 years, to celebrate and promote Framingham on Marathon day, and - most compelling - a request to provide food for more than 4,000 Framingham children and adults each month at United Way’s Pearl Street Cupboard.
What was it about the ethics comment that shocked us? It was made by Precinct 2’s Sean Donovan, who argued that “the money should be returned … to the taxpayers. It is their money.” He said that Town Meeting members have no right to spend your money this way and the low point came when a member angrily asked who was paying to bus the children living in Framingham motels

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.029
Retrieved Text: No Phone or Internet | What's The Plan, Stan?
In most emergencies it’s best to stay in your own home, so make your home your meeting place and have an alternative in case you can’t get there.
If the phone and internet lines were down how would you keep in touch, arrange to meet up, keep up with news and weather alerts?
Talk to your family about how you will get in touch and where you will meet up if phone or internet lines are down.
Make sure your family knows your school's emergency plans and has names of three people who could pick you up.
Have a solar or battery-powered radio so you can tune in to the latest news for information during an emergency.
Have an out-of-town contact that everyone knows about (sometimes when local phone lines are down you can still reach people outside your area). Get everyone to check in with your out-of-town contact by text or online messaging in an emergency if you can.
Keep a written list of important phone numbers.

================



======= Instance Index 6324 =========
Input Text: What happens to people over time?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- use money
- feel cold
- play games
- believe in god
- become old

Target Text: become old

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.813574
Retrieved Text: Leadership Question #3: How Can You Keep Inspiration Alive?
Continuing in my series of “20 Leadership Questions,” we come to the third question that Michael Smith asked when he interviewed me. This is one that every leader inevitably faces as his organizations grows.
We’ve all experienced it: the large bureaucracy where where the employees seem to be just punching the clock.
Last week, I had to get my drivers license renewed. This meant a trip to the Department of Safety’s Driver Service Center. While the process was quicker and more efficient than I expected, the people working the counter seemed lifeless. No smiles. No warmth. Just marking time. It was a little depressing.
However, this happens in the private sector as well. In fact, it happens any time people get disconnected from the their purpose.
Connect people to the larger story. People want to know that their organization matters. They want to know it is making a difference in the world. For this to happen, you must connect them to the larger story. Why was your organization founded? Why does it exist? What would happen if it disappeared? What is really at stake?
Resist creating new policies. I have seen this over and over again in organizations. Someone makes a mistake. Rather than dealing with the problem—which is likely an exception or an anomaly—the leaders create a new policy. Over time, these policies slow an organization down, like the ropes that rendered Gulliver immovable. The better tactic is to deal with problems and people head-on and only institute a policy if the

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.67422
Retrieved Text: The idea of the ABCD method is to focus on the resources in a certain place and situation, not on the problems.
To create engagement, it is often more constructive to work at positive feelings, rather than negative. From tradition we often tend to focus on problems when discussing planning situations. By looking at which conditions people have in an area, which dreams they have, what visions there are, a constructive development can be created. It is those living and working in the area who define what resources there are. Central to the method is that those present are the right people, whatever happens happens, when it starts the time is right and when it is over it is over. It may sound simple, but the achieved results are good enough.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.523457
Retrieved Text: What happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware. Compare CAR INSURANCE right here and Save HUNDREDS of Dollars!
In many states you have during the tenure of your insurance company if it may be rotated among different insurance you may need to check the credit card, then the other party's insurers do not purchase a new insurance schemes available and would eventually increase your charges so much spam on the front wind shield and rear window. When you find out that you may have changed because insurance policies to the future, albeit somewhat selectively, but it does not always be true. The same coverages of different quotes from companies that are available according to the most affordable price. This vehicle insurance policies seem to pose the typical argument is that even if the Insured in an accident.
Once a good way to do some online research. It's easy to compare what happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware policy, you do. These companies offer, which you could however try sites that will come into play. Insurance companies (You can simply contact your insurer and amend the details.) If you are contemplating about car accidents and violations in the worst traffic offences, and leading causes. When you are patient enough to be monetary personal gain of the policies that not all options are of getting a what happens if you get pulled over without car insurance in Delaware is no reason to spend on their experience behind a steering wheel you

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.28972
Retrieved Text: guess what happens next for the stock market.
anyone's guess what happens next for the stock market.
Q. The S&P is at an all-time high, should I be euphoric?
indicators, have fueled some optimism in stock markets.
and the fears were based mostly on emotion."
Q. Should I buy? Should I sell?
goals, make a plan to reach them and stick to it.
encourage them not to overreact to the lows of December," Schutte said.
for most people, it's also a good time to just leave things be.
help steady your performance over time.
Q. Will the rally last?
exceeds current expectations. We are in a late cycle market, a period when U.S.
equities have historically done very well, but volatility also rises, he said.
and for returns to be harder-earned than what we've seen thus far in 2019.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.03557
Retrieved Text: I am sure many of you are familiar with the idea that grief happens in stages and that a person has to get through all the stages or may never “get over” the death of a loved one. The thing is, what actually happens for people when someone dies is as unique as the griever. How to get over grieving process? It depends on many things like the relationship you had with the deceased, your own attitude about death and dying, what role that person played in your life, the expectations of others, cultural or religious practices, and how the person died, to name a few things that that have an effect on the grieving process. For example, while many people find the death of a loved one difficult, for some there may be a sense of relief that the person died perhaps due to a lengthy illness or because the relationship was toxic.
Secondly, the idea that you have to move on and get over the loss, does not work for everyone. And, in fact, it can put an additional stress and burden on the griever, that they must somehow grieve “correctly”.
Grieving is a process, not a task that one must complete. While the feelings are less intense over time, there may be times (like the deceased’s birthday) or certain places that bring that person to mind and you may find yourself having feelings of grief again.
This brings me to the third thing that many people experience: Your relationship with the deceased still continues on. Just

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.022355
Retrieved Text: without your health you have nothing!
This has happened to me on countless occasions at any given time. It's almost like I'm reading there thoughts or their thoughts are on a certain frequency and I'm attuned to it.
Can anyone identify with this? And how can I make this happen more frequently?
Perception is everything, because you think you see it, does it mean its true?
Oh yes although it doesn't work when I try to make it, lol.
You are correct this generally happens when two or more people are on the same frequency. You see it a lot with best friends and close family members. Sometimes with strangers which happens with me a lot. I think it depends to great deal on our own frequencies and how open those frequencies are to mingling with theirs. It can also happen when the other person is the one doing it, such as sending out those frequencies. Mostly it seems to happen randomly but some people can fine tune it with practice and simply noticing.
Notice what's going on around you within your own space when this happens and that should give you clues as to how to proceed.
Eh thanks for the reply. Next time I'll take in what else is happening around me and how I feel, bottle that moment and manifest it at a given time. What a skill to have knowing what someone is thinking.
All them times it has happened over the years it always feels normal, as of its supposed to happen.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.832268
Retrieved Text: As a German I know a lot about that horrible time in Germany. This mindset is unacceptable and people all over the world – including the POTUS and his Breitbart journalist Bannon – should have learned to stand up if something happens like this.
There is no place other than the jail for people who still hate others for what reason soever.
Previous Post $1,000 for the 8?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.824122
Retrieved Text: ❶Students are drawn to his personality and connect to him quickly. As a consequence, all good and bad habits have followed this path, too.
The most common way to be cyberbullied is instant messaging. Most cyberbullies are girls, it is twice as likely for them to be girls. One third of people have been threatened online Cyberbullying. Most people who have been cyberbullied will not tell anyone about, only one tenth of victims will tell someone. Victims who have been bullied can be two to nine times more likely to commit suicide Eleven.
Many people ask why they do it, but also people ask how it happens. Six months since they all started sniggering and grinning at me all the time. Cyberbullying is bullying that happens over electric technology. There are many types of electric technology such as: What the bullies do on the electric technology is mean emails, texts, rumours, embarrassing pictures, videos, or fake profiles Cyber-bullying. Bullying was always on the playground towards kids, but with all this technology coming into the new generations it is no longer just on the playground at school, it happens online too.
Cyberbullying is put into two different categories, synchronic and asynchronic. Synchronic is real-time and asynchronic is delayed. Research shows the real time is like being in chat rooms or over a text or online gaming such as: Call Of Duty or World of Warcraft. Asynchronic is like social networks as in: As there are many ways that the bullies bully the victims, the victims have many effects to being

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.755822
Retrieved Text: What happens if your glucose levels are low but your hemoglobin a1c levels are high? a: hemoglobin a1c levels from 5.7 to 6.4 percent indicate increase when is your body temperature too. What is anemia and what are its symptoms? what is the hemoglobin a1c test? what was the cause of your high hemoglobin emedicinehealth does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or. What happens when your a1c is high. nov21. we know high glucose levels are the main cause of diabetes complications. i will see what happens. “raise” your a1c level?????. knowing which.
What happens to my body with continuously high a1c whether your are checking your levels and managing your diabetes properly. they will not stick you in hospital for a high a1c. If your blood sugar levels have been high in recent weeks, your hba1c will also be greater. hba1c targets. the hba1c target for people with diabetes to aim for is: 48 mmol/mol (6.5%) note that. Ive been diabetic now for 6 years my a1c is too high. by paintups latest reply 2009 you can ask your doctor for suggestions on how you can get your a1c down, if that doesn’t happen.
Your a1c and eag show your average blood sugar levels over a period of 2 to 3 months, but that won’t show if your blood sugar was very high or low a couple of hours before or after you tested. What happens when your a1c is too high. a1c? and many people think that number is too high to protect against complications. i

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.642135
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home / Blog Posts / What happens to Bend homes for sale in Winter?
What happens to Bend homes for sale in Winter?
A client recently asked me what happens in the Bend, OR real estate market in the winter. As I described some of the historical trends to her, I thought this might be helpful for other people in the market for Bend Homes for Sale.
Now, what’s been an even larger force in the market is an overall reduction in listing inventory, which dwarfs the normal seasonal fluctuations. The graphs below are all for Bend <$200k.
As you can see, new listings have been declining and the standing inventory has been dramatically reduced in the last 2 years.
As listing inventory has dropped, so has the number of sales and pending contracts, but this is what you would expect when people have fewer to choose from.
As you can see from the above graph, there hasn’t been a big change in $/square foot. Housing values are remaining almost constant, even though the press likes to report on every blip and fluctuation. This could be the reduction of inventory putting upward pressure on prices at the same time the economy is putting downward pressure. No one really knows.
The above graph is where a lot of this information plays out. The Months of Inventory graph shows “based on how many houses are selling right now, when would we be out of houses if no new ones came on the market”. Less than 6 months is considered a “healthy” or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.620591
Retrieved Text: Consider the workplace climate and culture. Is there a climate of trust and openness around disability and accommodation? What actually happens to people with disabilities when they come forward with an accommodation request? Is there a quick and effective response? Or is this the first road to termination? What happens to people with disabilities will happen to vets with disabilities.
Is there someone that veterans with disabilities can reach out to so they do not feel isolated?
Learn to accommodate the signature disabilities (PTSD, TBI and depression). A resource that can help is the Job Accommodation Network (JAN) [askjan.org]. JAN has documents for all three of the signature disabilities.
Understand that many of the signature disabilities might unfold over time. These disabilities may not be manifested immediately after the veteran’s return to civilian life. Be prepared to respond quickly and effectively.
Communicate to veterans in your workforce (as well as all employees) about the availability of accommodations or other veterans resources/services provided in your workplace.
Have an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) with expertise in veterans’ issues.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.615324
Retrieved Text: Have you ever seen a movie so many times you damn-near have it memorized? What if your audience felt that way about you? It happens more often than you might think.
You have this show or bit you do for the first time – it goes over incredibly well. So you do it again. As a performer you are excited that the audience is receiving your creation so well, so you continue doing the same show or bit. What happens?
Eventually your audience is going to fizzle out. This doesn’t make you a poor performer, it DOES, however, make you repetative and repetative is Boring. People crave the new and different and if you want to keep moving forward and gaining fans, you have to be the one to give them what the crave. Get creative with all aspects of your performance, push boundaries.
And Don’t apologize for experimenting.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.585511
Retrieved Text: As it happens every year ‘round this time, New Year's resolutions are being made with a vengeance.
In our world of real estate sales, these resolutions tend to focus on revving up one's prospecting efforts in hopes of having a Great New Year. Promises to more fully commit to a cold-calling or door-knocking campaign, to more aggressively pursue expired listings and FSBO's, to formally choose a farm area or finally figure out what SEO really means.
All well and good. I wish you luck with that!
Rather than attempting to contact 100 people a day in hopes of catching the attention of a few, how about trying to impress just a few every day, in hopes of making a memorable impression on every single one? If you were to impress two people a day, at the end of a year, that's over 700 people on the planet who think you're really cool - instead simply sort of recognizing your name from your mass-marketing efforts.
Instead of pestering your sphere of influence once a quarter with requests for referrals (which I promise you are not welcomed with open arms), try reconnecting with the people you know as a friend or acquaintance first - a friend or acquaintance who happens to sell real estate.
Instead of focusing all your time, energy and budget on hunting down new prospects, spend at least half of that time being a kick-a$$ real estate agent for those clients who have already honored you with their business.
It is possible to run a perfectly respectable real estate business without

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.583055
Retrieved Text: Here at votreART, we believe that feelings change over time. If you haven’t made it to the seventh type of love yet, you and your partner may just need more time.
This is the period when people barely know each other, yet feel a mutual attraction. In such a relationship, two people often don’t have the faintest idea of whether or not they have anything in common, but they stay together anyway.
According to the psychologist, this infatuation can transform into something more complete over time, but this doesn’t always happen. Many couples don’t get beyond this type of love.
Couples experiencing this type of love have only commitment without intimacy and passion.Sometimes this type of relationship appears after a big, fervent love, and sometimes it’s vice versa: people who experience empty love can change, which adds passion to their feelings.
This type of love includes commitment and passion and is familiar to many couples. This is the kind of love that exists when 2 people are really attracted to each other and are ready to follow certain traditions like lavish weddings, exchanging vows, and sharing home duties, but don’t have true intimacy.
Psychologists think that such couples can live together for a long time, but their happiness is relative. In fact, they don’t perceive their partner as a friend.
This kind of love includes passion and intimacy. People in such couples are attracted to each other and feel comfortable next to one another, but they’re not ready to make serious commitments.Relationships of this type often don’t reach the level of cohabitation

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.582748
Retrieved Text: The bond between father and son is truly a special one. Over a million people have been delighted by the video below.
Remember Baby Louise and her brother gettin’ down in the kitchen with Dad? Well, here’s a time lapse that reveals what really happens when Mama is away.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.566617
Retrieved Text: PARIS (AFP) - Tennis superstars Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray waded into the great football corruption scandal Thursday, suggesting the game would be better served without FIFA chief Sepp Blatter's iron grip on power.
Nadal, who is the nephew of former Spanish international Miguel Angel Nadal, believes that for Blatter to have been FIFA president since 1998 breeds an unhealthy environment in the sport.
"My thought is it is good to have combinations, in politics, in sport, in the world in general," said Nadal at the French Open on Thursday.
"It's good to have the right people in every place. It's good to have people who know about what they are doing, in football, in tennis, in countries.
"I cannot say that if you are in the same place for a long time you will not be honest, but it's true that history says that is easier to be honest if you are in shorter periods of time.
"You are there and you come back later. The alternating is good in every place of the world, I think."
Blatter faces a re-election vote at the FIFA Congress in Zurich on Friday, having insisted on Thursday that would not resign despite growing calls for him to do so.
Britain's third seed Murray echoed Nadal's words, after his straight sets win over Portugal's Joao Sousa, saying that the corruption charges aimed at FIFA officials this week had not been totally unexpected.
"I've seen the stories, but I wouldn't say that many people were surprised by it," he said.
"I don't know what's going to happen over the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.514416
Retrieved Text: Right, so next on my list, the latest book I read was ‘Be Careful What You Wish For’ by Alexandra Potter.
What initially pulled me towards this book was, of course, the title. It is a common thing that people have warned us about for years. And well, they’ve almost always also had their own reasons or examples and the such.
I was very curious as to how Alexandra Potter would have put this forth in a different way that made it worth writing about.
I was wrong in one way. The author has, in fact, put the message forth in a very straightforward manner that allows us to relate it to what we’ve heard over the years and still make it interesting by having an engaging storyline with lots of details and a writing style that makes you wait, waiting to know what happens next.
The plot follows Heather Hamilton, a normal person who wishes for things all the time, small and big alike. One fine day, she happens to buy a Heather from a random gypsy on the street. Unbeknown to her, the heather is, in fact, a magical artifact that makes all her wishes come true. Every time she thinks or says “She wishes…..”, it happens!
Despite all her wishes coming true, Heather soon realizes that they might not always be exactly what she asked for. When Gabe, a handsome American answers her ad for a new housemate and James finally talks to her and they start going out and her boss gets a new client who brings

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.487185
Retrieved Text: We visited two treatment facilities in southwest Ohio to see how Music Therapy helps people in recovery from addiction through several different methods.
An addict for over 20 years, Roger T. Winemiller is now over a year into recovery.
What happens to the body during an opiate overdose and how Narcan can be a lifesaver.
Dr. Catherine LaRuffa discusses the heartbreak of babies being born addicted to opiates.
A patchwork coalition is working to save their community - one person at a time.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.455293
Retrieved Text: Good Girl Gone Redneck: Stop And Take Pause.
What happens when you can't think of anything to share on your blog?
What happens when you're stuck and want to submit to other publications but lacking ideas on what to share?
What happens when you think of all the great things every other day, but never find yourself at the keyboard in time to jot them down?
You stop. You take pause.
You may stop for way too long.
I just realized this morning I have not posted since almost two weeks ago.
Why is it that I have taken such pause of late?
Honestly? I don't really know.
I know that many people have stopped blogging because what they're doing is saving the good stuff to submit elsewhere - with hopes of being paid for it. And I get that. I do. Truly.
But I don't want my blog to die away. I don't want it to disappear. My blog is so much of who I am. So very much of what I need to share and what I want to say.
Some people say that social media has done away with blogs. We share so much on Facebook and Instagram (and maybe Twitter, I still love Twitter, but many people do not) and so we've left ourselves with nothing else to say on our sites.
I don't want that to happen here, either.
And so, days later. Here I am. Still not live. I still have not posted.
Hit publish - I think to myself - it doesn't matter what you say, exactly.
True, true. So very true.
And so. Here

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.415649
Retrieved Text: My sessions are about 75 minutes in length.
For me, one hour is not quite enough time to work slowly, deeply, and with Awareness.
We also chat some, try to bring ever increasing amounts of awareness to your unique body-mind situation.
If yo are doing a series with me, yo will likely receive some 'homework' to keep the process unfolding between sessions. All tailored to your time-frame and willingness.
You can come for one introductory session to see if you like this work.
A series of three sessions will give you a better idea if this work is suitable for you at this time. There is a timing component, as you have to be ready to change. When the time is ripe, much happens in a relatively short period.
A more complete and thorough series of ten sessions is very desirable. This 'recipe' is about first opening the superficial layers , which makes it possible to address the deeper layers and give them the room they need to re-align and re-settle. Near the end of this series we balance what is possible to integrate now, and open the way for future integration, which happens over time, with a newly learned sense of body usage.
After the 10 sessions are over, we have kept track of many individuals and documented (through photos and written and verbal feedback) that change keeps happening at a noticeable rate for at least 6 months. After that (and during that time if desired) we can do a 'tune-up' session monthly, or at intervals decided by you and I.
It is

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.412295
Retrieved Text: What could you do to help alleviate stress? Well here are just some tips to follow.
Get Support – Grab your buddy and vent. Studies show people who have a trustworthy friend to vent to, has less stress over their lives.
4. Don’t Skip Sleep! Skimping on sleep leaves interferes with your daytime productivity, creativity, problem-solving skills, and ability to focus. Try effective Yoga Techniques to help with stress.
5. Take Time to Recharge- Relax, get a massage, and spend time with friends and family. Whatever you enjoy doing, take time for yourself and do it. This will allow you to reboot your mood and come back stronger!
At the end of the day, know life happens and we can never overcome all stress. Just keep in mind, everything happens for a reason. So pick your head up and stay strong, and know everything will be okay!
Tag someone below and say, WE GOT THIS!!!!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.407608
Retrieved Text: Home→Uncategorized→What does Medicare For All mean for those with private insurance and health care companies?
What does Medicare For All mean for those with private insurance and health care companies?
So what happens to those with private insurance?
You switch over to M4A.
When someone casts doubt on M4A because people might be kicked off their employer’s plan, remind them: Over the four year phase in plan, every working American will be kicked off their health-care plan, by their employer. Given such a high rate of churn among employer plans, any hand-wringing about loss of private health-insurance misses the point.
What happens to health insurance companies?
Thanks for demystifying the bill.
What a momentous accomplishment it would be to achieve this transition. It would blow the lid off what many people consider possible in today’s world.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.379732
Retrieved Text: If you want to find all accounts linked to an email address there are a few methods you can use. Learn what’s best for you in this in-depth guide.
Deseat.me is a tool that was created to help people quickly delete accounts that they may have accumulated over time. But is it safe to use? Let’s find out.
A lot of people don’t know what to do when their email is found on the dark web. Here are the 7 most important steps to take if this happens to you.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.33486
Retrieved Text: Owning a house was never as easy as it is now. With the increasing competition among lenders, we are witnessing an unprecedented boom in home loans. They have made moving into a new or a larger home a relatively easy possibility. Millions of people owe the roofs over their heads to some form of home loan.
Increased competition has resulted in the lowering of home mortgage rates. This trend is visible through most parts of the world. Ads shout about ‘the lowest home mortgage rates’. Lower interest rates are the first things that many a cost-conscious customer looks for in these loans. Now let’s face it, most of us are cost conscious. Most of us will be tempted by the barrage of these ads. The added appeal lies in the fact that you need not pay these loans in a jiffy. You can take your own sweet time. Some lenders offer you a thirty year time period to repay the loan. Now thirty years is almost half your life time. Many feel they can repay this loan over that period of time, but there are potential risks involved in going in for these loans with low mortgage rates. For one thing, you cannot foresee and forecast the future accurately. Interest rates are liable to up and down. What happens to your loan if the rates shoot through the roof? What happens if you want to move on to another larger house after some time? What happens if real estate prices come crashing down? All these questions have

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.333285
Retrieved Text: What happens when programmers, designers, and activists join forces? Change happens. Or, more specifically, Changeforge happens.
Changeforge launched in late February with an army of student volunteers from high schools and universities all over the world working on a pro bono basis to design, build, and maintain websites for nonprofits. The only cost to nonprofits is a one-time fee of $150 to cover domain registration and hosting. Changeforge will complete sites within two weeks for every 501(c)3 organization that applies. All sites will be open-source under the Berkeley Software Distribution license with coding posted on GitHub.
Collection – Understanding who an organization is and what the organization does is important. We ask everyone interested to fill out a detailed form to help us understand their brand.
Development & Design – We contact each nonprofit, and gather text, video, and images. Then our team hustles to build them an amazing website that represents what they stand for.
Modifications – Next we show them their site and see what they think. If they need some changes made, we also take care of that.
Maintenance – We’ll keep up with their organization and help them edit their site far into the future, always at no cost.
Changeforge is yet another wonderful example of people coming together in service of the greater good and benefiting everyone involved.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.311063
Retrieved Text: It's a Monday and no surprise, the 'blues' have struck. But it's not just that syndrome that's doing the talking (or more aptly, the writing), but I reeeeally need a break. It's been six months since my last vacation and boy do I need a reboot. I flew out from last year and landed into this year not knowing, not realizing, not understanding how time has gone by! I still feel like I'm in 2013 and it's proving to be one hell of a long year. I recall how before I took off to Manali last September I really needed that trip too, work was just taking over my life. This time around too, things have not changed and a breather is much required.
I can't grasp quite how people only take one vacation a year. It's strange; use all your leaves at one go and plan, spend on and enjoy a long break? What happens then when you want a stress buster at any other point in the year? I'd rather split my holidays up, ideally have one per quarter in the year...but then work happens, life happens and we all know how that goes.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.295916
Retrieved Text: I’ve just put my own first impressions of Judge Jones’ decision up over on my personal blog. Most of it’s redundant with other things that have been posted, so I won’t repeat it all here. I’m just going to copy over the bit that I don’t think has been said enough yet.
It is unclear what is going to happen next, given the outcome of the school board elections in Dover, and no matter what happens this decision is unlikely to mark the end of efforts to dilute the teaching of science in this country. But it sure is good to see that the federal courts are still willing to step in and protect our rights. Regardless of what happens next, thanks are due to a whole lot of people who put in a whole lot of time and effort on this case.
The expert witnesses for the plaintiffs, Barbara Forrest, Kenneth Miller, Kevin Padian, Robert Pennock, John Haught, Brian Alters, and Kevin Padian, worked as volunteers on this case. The lawyers from the ACLU of Pennsylvania, Americans United for the Separation of Church and State, and the law firm of Pepper Hamilton put in an enormous amount of time, effort, and energy. Genie Scott, Wesley Elsberry, Nick Matzke, Susan Spath, and the rest of the staff at the National Center for Science Education worked tirelessly behind the scenes.
Thanks are particularly due to Tammy Kitzmiller, Bryan Rehm, Christie Rehm, Deborah Feinmore, Joel Lieb, Steven Stough, Beth Eveland, Cynthia Sneath, Julie Smith, Barrie Callahan, and Frederick Callahan - the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.28302
Retrieved Text: Eschatology is one of those topics that keeps coming up every once in a while. It is amazing how much time people spend thinking about the end and what is going to happen. Often times, they want to skip to the end and not give any thought to what happens when our own personal end comes. One of the things that Lutheranism is very strong on is personal eschatology, which deals with what happens to me. This doesn't tend to be emphasized in Dispensationalism, even though it is one of the most comforting doctrines to those in Christ.
I'm not here to discuss personal eschatology, however, but to discuss John and how John writes. Anyone who has read the Book of John knows how out of sequence some of the events seem to be when compared to the synoptic Gospels (Matthew, Mark, and Luke). The clearing of the temple is early, rather than late. Things are all out of sequence. If you continue by reading 1 John, things start getting even wierder. He seemingly contradicts himself and continues to say the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. If you ever have the time, read 1 John in one sitting and note how many times he says the same thing. When we read Paul, we understand him because Paul, for all his Jewishness, still thought like a Westerner. John, on the other hand, thinks like a near Eastern man, and it shows. His ideas go in circles. He keeps telling us the

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.282313
Retrieved Text: But I think there’s a valuable lesson here.
A few weeks ago in one of my daily emails, I mentioned that I sang in a friend’s wedding.
Yes, there are many absolutes in the world…but not when it comes to music.
Perhaps you’ve received negative feedback like this email. If not, if you stick around this home recording thing long enough, you will.
The key is to remember that this stuff is subjective. Not everyone will like everything you do. But there will be some people who like it. Those are the people you cater to, not the naysayers.
For example, every month I put one of my mixes on display and ask hundreds of people to critique it. Some months they love it. Some months they don’t.
Sure, I’d rather they loved it every time, but that’s not reality.
The truth is, I usually like my mix whether they like it or not. And I ALWAYS get new ideas from their feedback.
That’s what happens every month over at Dueling Mixes.
This month happens to be a month where people are liking Graham’s mix better than mine. But guess what?
There are still plenty of people who like my mix.
P.S. Please don’t feel like you need to reply to this email. I’m not fishing for compliments here. Just thought it was a teachable moment for both you and me.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.28022
Retrieved Text: Groopit gives communities a way to help each other - the elderly age in place, a neighborhood recovering after crisis, or struggling families get back on their feet. Groopit provides an easy and efficient way to get the job done.
This is an example of a private group where volunteers come together to help people who are struggling to get by. It is where needs are identified, volunteers sign-up, post photos whenever they help, keep track of the details and see the collective. It's a solution that allows everyone to spend less time organizing and more time on what matters: helping people.
Identify help as its needed and create a sign-up.
You have a group of volunteers ready to help others. Now the team can ask for precisely what's needed, as it's needed, create sign-ups and collect responses in one place. The organizer-in-chief can customize the template to fit your mission and you're ready to go.
"Getting volunteers used to be a constant struggle - endless emails, sign-ups, prodding, and relying on the same core people over and over again...Groopit completely changed this dynamic. One of our large families needed meals. Before I left work, I took a couple of minutes to post a request on Groopit. Twenty minutes later 24 volunteers had signed up! The headache of organizing had disappeared."
Tell us as things get done.
We all love to see what happens as it happens. Why? Because we're part of something bigger and it feels good to know what we are accomplishing together. A photo tells the story and every

================



======= Instance Index 6413 =========
Input Text: What is a computer known to do?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- think
- hardware
- process information
- run programs
- make decisions

Target Text: run programs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.822255
Retrieved Text: What If Life Is Just A Computer Game?
What If Life Is Just A Computer Game?’ has been added to our website after successful testing, this tool will work for you as described and wont let you down.
What If Life Is Just A Computer Game?’ has latest anti detection system built in, such as proxy and VPN support. You don’t need to disconnect internet or be worried about your anonymity.
What If Life Is Just A Computer Game?’ works on Windows, MAC, iOS and ANDROID platforms, they all has been tested before published to our website.
We’d all like to know the meaning of life. But what if we’re only playing one level of it? What if everything we’ve ever known and ever will know is merely a computer simulation, and we’re the main characters? Would we ever know what was real and what wasn’t?
What do you think? Let us know in the comments, and tell us more questions you’d like us to explore!
Enjoy What If Life Is Just A Computer Game?.
All files are uploaded by users like you, we can’t guarantee that What If Life Is Just A Computer Game? are up to date.
We are not responsible for any illegal actions you do with theses files. Download and use What If Life Is Just A Computer Game? on your own responsibility.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.761084
Retrieved Text: What are CISC & RISC? What are differences between CISC and RISC?
The instruction set or the instruction set architecture (ISA) is the set of basic instructions that a processor understands. The instruction set is a portion of what makes up an architecture.
Read More: Define Instruction Set Architecture. What are the main objectives of ISA in computer systems.
Two initial types of instruction set architecture are CISC (Complex Instruction Set Computer) and RISC (Reduced Instruction Set Computer).
Complex Instruction Set Computer is a computer running on Complex Instruction Set Architecture. As it's name implies, the ISA was built with multi-cycle complex instructions. That is one instruction might evaluate to multiple instructions.
Complicated or specialized instructions are inefficient in hardware, and in a typically CISC architecture the best performance can be obtained by using only the most simple instructions from the ISA.
The most well known CISC ISAs are the Motorola 68k and Intel x86 architectures.
RISC or Reduced Instruction Set Computer is a computer running on Reduced Instruction Set Architecture. As it's name implies, discarded many complex, multi-cycle, inefficient instructions from the set to make the ISA more efficient. As most programs do not take advantage of all the various address modes that could be used with the instructions, by reducing the number of address modes and breaking down multi-cycle instructions into multiple single-cycle instructions several advantages can be achived such as, compilers can be easier to write in an optimized fashion, performance can be increased for programs that do simple operations etc.
The most well known/commoditized RISC ISAs are the PowerPC, ARM,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.5212345
Retrieved Text: It is strange to find myself in a situation (on a computer) where I do not know what to do.
At work I am known as the person to ask about computer problems.
We, however work with CCS (Construction Computer Software) and MS Excel.
In both of these I know the answers.
That is in real life.
My view from a $15 a day bungalow on Zanzibar.
The view from the beach (about ankle deep) to my bungalow.
The huts are made of plaited palm and are fab.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.46583
Retrieved Text: Revise data storage for ICT GCSE and learn about how ROM and RAM work and the types of backing store devices that can be used. Data storage. A computer uses two types of storage. Here are some examples of what's stored in RAM:.
It not only has a stunning design but killer specification as well. It comes with 16GB of RAM, 256GB of SSD and 1TB of HDD st.
RAM stands for Random Access Memory, and is also known as main memory, primary memory or system memory. It’s a hardware device inside your computer that lets information be stored and retrieved.
Apr 24, 2017. And what does all that jargon mean, anyway? We explain all you. RAM is where the data that your computer is currently working on is stored.
(It has even gone so far as to put out an ad campaign featuring an iPad-toting kid who innocently asks, “What’s a computer?”) In some ways. with a slightly speedier chip and double the RAM. But App.
Jun 20, 2013 · 15-60 minutes depending on how much RAM your computer has Stage 1 – Create the test drive One, if not the best, program available for testing memory is called Memtest86.
RAM exists for a reason: if your computer can store lots of stuff in its short-term memory, then it can recall those things quickly later on. And if your computer doesn’t end up needing that stuff, it.
and for other more affordable models to use 4G LTE and have a smaller amount of RAM. Rumors indicate the Mi Mix 3 will use

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.231646
Retrieved Text: Why should you invest in Computer Lenses instead of an iPhone X?
In today’s modern age, we are spending more and more time on digital devices, especially smartphones with small screens.
This creates problems for our eyes, which is known as Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS). Click HERE for more on CVS.
Many lens companies such as Essilor, Nikon, Kodak and Hoya have come out with specialty lenses to help on the Computer Vision Syndrome (CVS).
These lenses are commonly known as Computer Lenses or Anti-fatigue Lenses.
What do the Computer Lenses do?
How do Computer Lenses help the eyes?
Provides extra focusing support with the additional power zone.
A.V.E Technology™ by Essilor provides sharp vision via fine-tuned lens surface.
Light Scan technology in Eyezen filter out harmful blue violet.
Who can use the Computer Lenses?
Pre-presbyopic (35 to 40 years old), starting to experience minor problems with reading.
Computer Lenses are customized to provide the most comfortable vision, for both far and near vision.
They are most suitable for modern life usage which helps you to maintain productivity throughout the day.
Computer lenses keep you going from morning to night and get the most of your screen life.
In Eyeplus Optometrist, we carry Computer lenses a.k.a Anti-fatigue lenses from several manufacturers. That's including Essilor’s Eyezen, Hoya’s Remark, Kodak AFT and Nikon’s Relaxsee.
Contact Us or Visit Us today for more details!
For any questions, please feel free to chat with us! Just click the chat icon on bottom right of your screen. Or you may contact us HERE.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.185769
Retrieved Text: I know that most of shoppers are after a good cheap laptop computer deal. The cheaper, the better, as matter of fact. After all, isn't it a smart idea to try our best to purchase a quality product and pay a minimum amount?
In their quest of perfect cheap laptop computer deals, many buyers opt for little known notebook brands made local manufacturers or marketed by a popular retailer with little experiencea and dedication to the computer hardware market. How do you recognize them? Such seemingly cheap laptops have low prices and usually have rather cheesy names. I will not dare mention some because I don't want any trouble with their legal team nor do I want to hurt the feelings of those who own such laptops.
Here's why I never recommend anyone to purchase non major brand cheap laptop computers.
Every now and then, I will receive an email featuring a cheap laptop computer related email from a website visitor asking about a given little-known notebook brand.
Believe it or not but I do not know all manufacturers of laptops in the world. So I usually try to get information about such brands at Google and get little information that never really help me in formulating a rich answers.
Why bother with a company and product nobody seems to know anything about? I don't know about you but I am not willing to take such a risk even if the cheap laptop computer deals offered are out of this world.
2) What happens when you travel?
These cheap laptop computers are usually

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.167028
Retrieved Text: A computer repair shop can be an attractive business for some, but you would have to do a lot of work to get it up and make it successful. It takes quite a lot of time and money, as well. If you’re set on pursuing this venture, however, then you could consider buying an existing one. Here are profitable reasons why you should.
Computers are important in this day and age and until the time they don’t need fixing, repair shops will still be necessary. Besides, not everyone can just replace their broken unit without retrieving their data. Good thing, that service can easily be provided by the company that you acquired. Also, if the business you buy can handle jobs for a diverse range of products for well-known brands, then you’d have quite a number of services to profit from.
Obviously, a computer repair shop would need specific equipment and machines to complete its services. When you buy an existing business, the package will include everything you need along with the knowledge of what the machinery is for and how they’re operated. You also don’t have to pay and put in an effort for the initial paperwork. All you have to do is pay the sale price for the shop.
After the sale, business owners do instruct their buyers about the company’s processes and products. They stick around and teach the new owners what they know and about what they should’ve known better. Experimac noted that this applies even when you buy a well-known brand’s franchise, such as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.005354
Retrieved Text: Spend any time around computer geeks and you will certainly hear the term 'CPU' at one time or another. For most people, a CPU is just something that every computer needs to work. However, if you are inclined to learn a bit more about how your computer works, you may actually want to know what a 'CPU' is.
The term 'CPU' stands for central processing unit and it is the brain of your computer. Just like your brain, the CPU works in conjunction with a computer's memory to carry out specific commands and tasks. CPUs are also simply known as processors.
If you have ever read any other articles on CPUs, it can sometimes be difficult to decipher exactly what the central processing unit of your computer actually does. However, you do not really need to be a technically inclined person to understand how the brain of your computer works.
The first step of operation for the CPU is to store instructions in the memory of the computer. Whenever you run a program on your system, specific instructions from the program are sent to the memory and stored. The central processing unit then accesses the memory, retrieves the instructions, and then prepares to execute them.
Before the CPU can execute the instructions it has received from the memory, it must first decode them. After the instructions have been de-encrypted, your CPU will execute them and then returns some sort of result. This result may include storing information in the memory or on the hard drive or displaying something to your

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.967294
Retrieved Text: Also known as Applications Packager, Computer Systems Technician, Telecommunications Computer Systems Technician.
What does an ICT Support Technician (other) do?
Displaying 1 to 7 of 7 courses related to ICT Support Technician (other).

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.86557
Retrieved Text: djforums.com > Equipment > Lighting/Visual Effects > Looking to Upgrade from Freekie DMX Controller, should I switch to computer based???
View Full Version : Looking to Upgrade from Freekie DMX Controller, should I switch to computer based???
I'm look for some opinions from you light gurus. I have been using a Martin Freekie DMX controller for a while now, and I am starting to think it may be time to switch to something with a little more diversity. The freekie has worked great, no problems, but I know the freekie is very limited to what you can do with a light show, basic circles, pan and tilt, "which those can be a little jerky" etc... I was possibly thinking of purchasing lightjockey, or show express, or something in those lines, and I wanted to get peoples opinion on all the different controllers out there. I am very open to anything, even if it isn't computer based, but I have been seeing quite a few shows that are really cool, that is just very hard to do or not possible at all with the freekie.
I like the computer based programs because you don't have to set up the lights etc... to program them, but on the other hand I have a couple concerns. For example, I downloaded the free lightjockey trial from Martin, and it seemed a little tricky, but I figure once you figure it out, it shouldn't be too bad. But the other concern for computer based was getting all the different profiles for all the different

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.8452215
Retrieved Text: Basically processing hardware is the Central Processing Unit (CPU) of computer system. CPU is the central processing unit of the computer. It process data according to our instructions. Processing is a procedure that transforms raw data into meaningful information.
Basically we have two types of memory used on computer system. These are primary memory which is known as main memory or internal memory or simply memory and the secondary memory which is known as auxiliary memory or backup storage or external memory. Besides these two memories we have internal processor memories like cache memory, register, virtual memory etc.
The CPU contains the basic instructions needed to operate the computer, but it doesn't have the capability to store entire programs or data permanently. The CPU contains registers, but these are small areas that can hold only few bytes of data at a time. However, the CPU needs to have millions of bytes of space to hold programs and the data being manipulated.
By memory, we generally mean RAM which is volatile in nature. It is a high speed memory that holds programs and data only when use. It requires constant supply of power. It is also called Read/Write Memory or volatile memory. The most important factor affecting the speed and power of a computer is the amount of RAM it has. The more RAM in a computer, the more it can do. The measuring unit of memory is byte, which is the amount of memory required to store a single character. RAM has the ability to access each byte of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.756003
Retrieved Text: What To Do When A Fake Virus Alert Comes Up?
Fake virus alerts, also known as scareware, attempt to install malware. The only safe solution is to kill the browser process from Windows Task Manager.
While browsing the web, you may encounter a window that says a large number of trojans or viruses have been detected. The window may look very official. However, looks can be quite deceiving. If you’re not 100% sure it came from your anti-virus or anti-spyware software, it is probably a fake virus alert, otherwise known as scareware, which is designed to infect your computer.
They’re designed to trick you into clicking so that malware can infect your computer. After the malware has been installed, you’ll be asked to pay anywhere from $50-$100 and up in order to activate software that will supposedly clean your computer. It’s very important not to click anything when you see a fake virus alert.
When you see one of these fake virus alerts, you may have several options offered to you within the browser. One of the options is usually to install the scareware or to supposedly remove the non-existent virus or spyware on your computer. If you click on the option to install or remove viruses, you’ll do the exact opposite by infecting your computer. If you click on any of the other options, such as “Cancel,” you’ll likely end up installing viruses and spyware anyway. That is why it is no longer safe to use your browser once a fake virus alert has shown up.
The only safe solution

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.709167
Retrieved Text: There are numerous ways to connect a camera to a microscope. However, the process of connecting a camera to a microscope can be a tad overwhelming especially if the user is not well versed with it.... A USB computer microscope is also simply known as a computer microscope or a computer-connected microscope. Using CMOS sensors, it is a microscope that plugs into a USB port on a computer or television.
DN-10B Microscope DN-10B microscope built-in digital can be directly connected to the computer. Software Features United States, Canada. Country / Region. Software Features United States, Canada. Country / Region.
What is the procedure to take to disconnect auto-connect digital camera from computer? (Windows 98/98SE) (Windows 98/98SE) What is the procedure to disconnect auto-connect digital camera from computer?
All You Need To Know About The Microscope. To most people, the microscope is just a common lab instrument used to magnify tiny objects. But like any doctor, researcher or any other professional who uses the microscope will tell you, there is much more into the microscope that what most laymen know.
Connectivity made easy Connect via Ethernet. Several users can work with direct access to your facilities’ network, and conveniently operate the Leica IC90 E from any remote PC or Mac.
These microscopes have the same features as traditional microscopes with a camera installed so that images can be stored almost immediately into your computer. Unlike analog microscopes, some Digital Microscopes do not have eyepieces for you to observe with, images are typically viewed through your computer screen.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.680996
Retrieved Text: Dr. Lamport received a doctorate in mathematics from Brandeis University, with a dissertation on singularities in analytic partial differential equations. This, together with a complete lack of education in computer science, prepared him for a career as a computer scientist at Massachusetts Computer Associates, SRI, Digital, and Compaq. He claims that it is through no fault of his that of those four corporations, only the one that was supposed to be non-profit still exists. He joined Microsoft in 2001, but that company has not yet succumbed. Dr. Lamport's initial research in concurrent algorithms made him well-known as the author of LaTeX, a document formatting system for the ever-diminishing class of people who write formulas instead of drawing pictures. He is also known for writing "A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn't even know existed can render your own computer unusable." which established him as an expert on distributed systems. Among his other contributions is the TLA+ specification language, which represents a Quixotic attempt to overcome computer scientists' antipathy towards mathematics. Despite having received five honorary doctorates from European universities and having been sent by the IEEE to Italy to receive its 2004 Piore Award and to Quebec to receive its 2008 von Neumann medal, Dr. Lamport has not taken the hint and continues to return to his home in California, where he exemplifies his country's low standards by his membership in its National Academy of Engineering and National Academy of Sciences.
We depend on computer systems that are not dependable.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.669929
Retrieved Text: No computer setup is complete without accompanying cool computer accessories or peripherals as people in the industry refer to them. AWD-IT has a fantastic range available including; keyboards, mice and gaming controllers. A selection of keyboards which are available have backlighting, making them a great addition for those who work late at the office, or wish to get some late night gaming in, or just want a funky looking keyboard! There are ranges of office and gaming keyboards by well-known brands including; Razer, KeySonic and Corsair. We also have a great range of headphones and earphones, speakers and gaming chairs in our computer accessories collection. It is those peripheral devices that ensure the best gaming experience possible.
What makes a good peripheral device stand out from the rest? There is some personal preference on look and feel but generally it comes down to quality whether that the quality of the sound, the speed (so how it interfaces with your PC) or wear and tear. We stay on point when it comes to ordering cool computer accessories because we know this is what can give you that edge when you fully submerged in an alternate gaming reality! What computer accessories will enhance your gaming performance? Want to know a bit more? download our pdf on Computer Accessories, Do they Enhance your PC Experience.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.643463
Retrieved Text: Convince Computer Limited (CCL) was established in April 2000 as a limited company under companies act and registered at Joint Stock companies, Dhaka, Bangladesh. It is a multifaceted IT solutions company, enabling businesses to leverage leading edge technology to gain sustainable competitive commercial advantage in today's complex marketplace. We are very good at what we do, because it is all that we do.
Convince Computer provides best of breed ERP solutions, web solutions, customized software solutions, software QA testing, networking, maintenance and support service.
The success of an organisation is based on the success of it's clients. Our ability is best known through our customers experience & success. Our clients speak for us. We are trustworthy suppliers of IT solutions.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.635439
Retrieved Text: This June marks the 100th anniversary of the birth of Alan M. Turing. Those of you who are not students of computing history may have never heard of Turing however if not for his work you wouldn’t be reading this article or doing anything with a computer. Turing was a British mathematician whose most famous accomplishment was breaking the German Enigma code during World War II. As an example of how important this code breaking was to the war effort, when he had broken the German naval code, sinking of British ships decreased by 72%.
If his code breaking efforts were his only accomplishments, he would be an important historical figure. But the fundamental principles underlying the computer you are using right now were created by Turing in the 1940s and 1950s.
A new exhibition celebrating the life of Turing was launched at Bletchley Park in Buckinghamshire, UK. During World War II, Turing was based at Bletchley and played a crucial role in cracking ciphers used to scramble German communications, including designing an electromechanical machine called the bombe, which partially automated the code-breaking. The exhibition covers Turing’s personal life and professional achievements, ranging from his school reports to academic papers where he set out his model for the universal machine.
Here is an article from TechRepublic with a slideshow of various items in the exhibit and explanations of his work depicted there. I also recommend the Wikipedia article on Turing which gives more details about his life.
In the world of computing, Turing is known for inventing something he called

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.622837
Retrieved Text: When it comes to ease of use, an Apple Macbook or iMac computer is a great choice. You don't need to break the bank for one either! At Signa Computer Systems, we offer professionally tested gently used and refurbished Macbooks, iMacs, and iPads.
We have been operating for over 25 years as a small business brick and mortar store in the heart of Toronto / North York. Known for our fast and friendly service, our knowledgeable technicians love what they do and pride ourselves in offering quality work.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.593607
Retrieved Text: What OS do you have? Is it by any chance Vista?
Tricorder;5428562What OS do you have? Is it by any chance Vista?
OS? i use win7 64bit why?
F.E.A.R. is known to suffer from massive FPS drops on Vista. Solution for that problem is quite unusual and consists of disabling USB (HID Compliant) devices on your computer through the Device Manager. If your mouse is USB, be careful not to disable it, of course. Since Windows 7 is basically an upgraded Vista, it might just do the trick. So, give it a try.
Tricorder;5429268F.E.A.R. is known to suffer from massive FPS drops on Vista. Solution for that problem is quite unusual and consists of disabling USB (HID Compliant) devices on your computer through the Device Manager. If your mouse is USB, be careful not to disable it, of course. Since Windows 7 is basically an upgraded Vista, it might just do the trick. So, give it a try.
Yeah, I know. Can you disable other (unused) USB ports? I've never done this myself (still using XP), so I don't know if it's possible.
i dont think it works what can i try else?
Make sure Pixel Doubling is turned off, also your CPU is probably one of the biggest culprits here, F.E.A.R. isn't really a multi-core optimized game, so that's most likely the reason for the drop in FPS along with Vista as Tricorder said.
I doubt that's the problem, but it's easy to check by setting the game's affinity to one core.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.588018
Retrieved Text: Our Proxy. Our Proxy. Welcome To Our-Proxy.Let's browse without blocked from your school, college or workplace with Us.
Encode URL. Encode Page. Allow Cookies. Remove Scripts. Remove Objects. About Proxy.
The Proxy word comes from the Latin Language: Proximus, which means close. What is a proxy? A proxy is a computer system like a mask your computer when connected to the internet so that your website has been blocked can be accessed.
There may be people who want to access youtube, hotmail, facebook etc.. but can not be accessed by that computer or from the internet provider. or there may want to access a particular website without wanting to be known by others. all it can do by using a proxy.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.558693
Retrieved Text: If you are a computer enthusiast, you dont need to be told about the most common computer problems. However, a majority of people who own a computer dont understand that there are common computer errors that you will begin to experience as your system ages with time. It does not necessarily mean that you should abandon your old PC and look out for buying a new one. On the other hand, it would be best if you gain knowledge about these problems and then find out how to troubleshoot them.
Computer Hangs-Up: You must have seen your computer hanging up. At times, it would have been impossible for you to even get the cursor moved. You should leave the computer for a while and give it some time to do its thing on its own and then you can get back online to finish what you need to do. If it does not come to a normal working condition in few minutes, try rebooting your system. It is not recommended that you do this all the time; however sometimes this is the only way to bring it back to life.
Maintenance problem: Unfortunately, over 75% of computer users dont realize the need to take proper acre of their systems. Poor PC maintenance can lead to nasty technical errors which will keep coming up every now and then, thereby disturbing you in the middle of the work.
Blue Screen Error: This is one of the most complicated computer problems. It would make your system just freeze up or even worse

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.542072
Retrieved Text: Here is Computers, Marketing, Banking Awareness IBPS PO Quiz 17 for upcoming Banking exams like IBPS PO Mains. This quiz contains important questions which match the pattern of IBPS PO and IBPS Clerk, so make sure you attempt today’s Computers, Marketing, Banking Awareness IBPS PO Quiz to check your preparation level.
What is the term used when the company uses technology for its products?
What should a company, among the following mentioned options, do in order to earn profits?
Answer: In order to earn profits the company should do everything mentioned in the above options.
Which among the following mentioned options influence the product design?
Answer: Product design is influenced by all the above.
What is a product known as when a product has a higher quality and has new features?
Answer: The product has a higher quality and has new features then they are known as unique superior product.
On which mentioned rate, does banks gives the currency in exchange of a foreign currency when a customer requires it?
On the basis of the prevailing currency rate the bank offers the customer the foreign currency in exchange of the domestic currency.
What of the following below mentioned options is not an organized sector in India?
Chits and money lenders are not an organized sector in India and they charge the highest rate of interest from its customers.
What best describes repo rate as?
Repo Rate is defined as a rate at which RBI buys government securities from banks.
Which of the following can be found as internal memory also?
The random access memory is the internal memory whereas the others

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.481306
Retrieved Text: What are 10 basic things that all computers users should know and typically don't? ... What are the basic things about a computer's memory that every computer engineer should know? ... What are four basic things to know about BASIC programming? How can I learn the basics of computers?
12/30/2018 · Being Computer Trainer, I just want to suggest you learn new things in ca computer rather than wasting time watching movies and audio. When I was 13, I was unknown anything about the computer. But I was so much curious to learn new things on the computer. I have not known about anything on the computer. Then after I started learning.
6/4/2017 · What are the basic things to learn in computer programming? Update Cancel. a d b y D o c e b o. Docebo Pages – Customize your learning management system. LMS admins can customize learning experiences with drag and drop widgets. No coding skills required. ... What are the basic things required to learn computer networking?
The book reached the stores in 1978, just as the home computer market was starting off, and it became the first million-selling computer book. Later packages, such as Learn to Program BASIC would also have gaming as an introductory focus.
Looking to learn more about networking or the internet and how it works? You came to the right place. ... How Wireless and Computer Networks Help You Do Work and Have More Fun. Article. ... Cisco routers demystified - basic facts about this brand. Article. What Can Wireless Power Do

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.420957
Retrieved Text: Windows XP will not start at all.
I have a Dell computer, with windows xp home.
When I try to turn on my computer, the dell screen loads, then the computer goes black. The only solution i can draw from this is that Windows is not starting up.
While the dell loading screen is open, if i hit F8, i am able to open up the "Windows Advanced Options Menu"
When i try "Start Windows Normally" or "Last Known Good Configuration (your most recent seettings that worked)", it then asks me to select the operatind system to start, with the only option Microsoft windows xp edition. After selecting this, the computer goes black.
This is as far as i have got. I dont know what to do now.
If anyone knows anything about this, has any suggestions as to what i can do, or who i can ask for help, it would be greatly appreciated!
See More: Windows XP will not start at all.
Did it work recently? When did this start?
Is this a laptop, or desktop computer?
It could be either a graphics card, or graphics driver issue. Do you have another graphics card you could try?
If you have a Windows XP install disk, pop it in and do a 'Repair' install. I am not sure if the Recovery disks often supplied, or your Recovery partition can do a repair install, but you can try. Do not do a recovery unless you have backed up your files since this returns the computer to the state when it was new. To save your files from

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.40092
Retrieved Text: What is the qum.archbishopscrippling.com redirect?
qum.archbishopscrippling.com advertisements (ads) are delivered by potentially unwanted adware programs on your PC. The adware program creates a pop-up within Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox and shows the qum.archbishopscrippling.com ad.
The qum.archbishopscrippling.com ads might pop-up out of the blue, or shown when the user visits a specific website.
Adware program publishers are known to collect both personally and non-personally identifiable information such as your IP-address, your current location, browser type, type OS and search queries to deliver more detailed advertisements through adware programs.
What adware is causing the qum.archbishopscrippling.com redirect?
It is hard to say which adware program is responsible for the qum.archbishopscrippling.com redirect advertisements in Internet Explorer, Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox. Adware uses different techniques to hide its presence on the computer.
In this removal instruction, we included various steps to detect the adware responsible for these qum.archbishopscrippling.com advertisements.
How does adware infect a computer?
Adware uses a deceptive technique to enter the computer, this technique is called bundling. Software that uses “bundling”, is software known as “Pay-Per-Install” (PPI) or “monetization” software installers. This is installation software where software developers get paid for every install.
The process of the Pay-Per-Install software does not directly disclosure the adware present, it’s hidden by a human psychology trick named Dark Patterns. These Dark Patterns are used to make sure people click through their PPI installation process without noticing what they actually install on their computer.
There is, however, a very small button or a check box that might disclosure the presence of the additional adware. Despite that small button, a lot of

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.386707
Retrieved Text: An unskilled hacker who uses programs and exploits written by others.
Slang for people who find tools on the Internet and use those tools to attack computer systems. A script kiddie is a person who seeks out a technology weakness over the Internet, in order to gain access to a computer system, without really understanding what he or she is exploiting because the weakness was discovered by someone else. In other words, script kiddies are not very technologically sophisticated and they do not randomly look to target specific information or a specific company, but rather use knowledge of a known vulnerability to scan the entire Internet for a victim that possesses that vulnerability.
Historical perspective: You would be amazed at how many people actually do this kind of thing just because they can.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.375091
Retrieved Text: After I posted the last post, I thought I would expand on some areas that I find intriguing. I am not huge into post processing of images. My goal is to get as close to what I want in camera and do minor tweaking on the computer. The main reason for a computer upgrade is to more quickly process raw files and convert them to the necessary output type.
I started shooting and stitching panorama shots with the point and shoot camera. With a new computer and software along with the new camera, panorama stitching is an area that I would like to continue improving.
Along with panorama stitching is what is known as High Dynamic Range Imaging [HDRI]. I was unaware of HDRI until after I upgraded to the Digital Single Lens Reflex [DSLR]. However, now that I am aware, this is something that I would like explore. My camera has an automatic mode, however, with better software I will able to make more of the processing decisions. Also, less data will be lost in the process resulting in a better image.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.354719
Retrieved Text: I have a Windows Vista Business SP2.
I'm facing a issue with the DHCP Client Service, when i try to start the service it says "Windows could not start the DHCP Client service on local computer. Error 2: The system cannot find the file specified ".
I do not have a DHCP server, i do assign static IPs for all systems.
Please help me to understand this issue and fix it.
When you ran sfc /scannow, what was the response? did you allow it complete the process?/ its supposed to ask you to insert the Vista DVD? did it?
Tunde Abagun MCP,MCSA,MCTS,MCITP en p "for the love of Computers"
How do you replace the key from a known good computer? I'm having this same issue and would like to attempt this fix without killing the rest of my computer. I have Windows Vista Home Premium.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.352944
Retrieved Text: the, a large computer network linking smaller computer networks worldwide.
A system connecting computers around the world using a common software protocol for transmitting and receiving data. This protocol is known as TCP/IP, which stands for Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol.
Did You Know? Although the Internet is an immense global network that reaches millions of homes and businesses, it began as a relatively simple computer network called ARPANET, funded by a Department of Defense research agency. ARPANET linked educational institutions and research facilities. Users could transfer files, send e-mail, and post messages in a forum called USENET. Later, the development of HTTP (hypertext transfer protocol) allowed users to make connections from one electronic document to others by using hyperlinks. Such hyperlinked electronic documents (called webpages) can consist of text, pictures, and sound files. Over a billion of these webpages form the World Wide Web. The transmission of webpages, e-mails, files, and similar electronic data takes place on the massive network known as the Internet. What began as a simple way for military and educational researchers to communicate has developed into an international means of communicating ideas, as well as transmitting text, pictures, sound files, and even entire movies.
1. A worldwide system of interconnected computer networks that may be accessed via a computer and a modem.
2. A worldwide system of interconnected computer networks that may be accessed via a computer and modem.
3. The totality of the world’s interconnected communications networks.
the Internet the information superhighway, the net (informal), the web (informal), the World Wide Web, cyberspace He buys most of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.332829
Retrieved Text: This full-featured mainstream Computer enhances the previous generation eMachines models with the chipsets and new levels of customization. Get the best experience on your eMachines ET1331-02 Computer with improved performance, make it easy to create a home network and share all of your favorite items.
The specs of Computer shows full configuration information. The ET1331-02 is designed for users who require maximum performance in a mainstream Computer. Even with its form factor design, the ET1331-02 doesn't skimp on performance offering the ideal blend of power and efficiency.	The ET1331-02 is sure to leave a lasting impression with its easy to use and slim design. Located on the side of the unit, the modular bay's innovative latch is designed for easy insertion and removal of the various module options.
. The ET1331-02 features two on-board data caches for transferring information to and from the processor. These caches are known as the L1 and L2 caches. The ET1331-02 L1 cache is 64 kilobytes in size, while its L2 cache is rated at either one or two megabytes.
When you have a clear idea of which Computer best suits your needs, check for its specifications. As the ET1331-02 is supported by eMachines, check if the Computer has full support and warranties by its manufacturer, like ET1331-02 specs you will have lots of options from the Computer manufacturer to choose from, like the Computer processor, Computer RAM, its graphics capacity, Computer display options and specs, and other features that the Computer provides. You should have an idea on what specs you want from your

================



======= Instance Index 8413 =========
Input Text: Where is a church found at?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- zoo
- populated area
- city
- christian community
- every town

Target Text: every town

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.884349
Retrieved Text: The gun used in the killings at St. Peter's Episcopal Church in Ellicott City last week was registered to the homeless man who allegedly shot two women and then himself, Howard County police said Monday.
The gun was found near the body of Douglas Franklin Jones, 56, in woods next to the church. Police said he shot the Rev. Mary-Marguerite Kohn, 62, a co-rector of the church, and Brenda Brewington, 59, a church administrator, before turning the gun on himself.
A church custodian found the two women shot in a church office and called police about 5:20 p.m. Thursday, police said.
Police found Jones' body in nearby woods, where he was living, after searching the church building.
Brewington was declared dead at the scene. Kohn was taken to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma, and died Saturday night.
Jones was declared dead in the woods where he was found.
Jones had been frequently receiving food from the church's food pantry until recently, when he became angry after being asked to limit his visits, police said.
No other information about the gun was immediately available.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.808606
Retrieved Text: LOVING GOD AND LOVING PEOPLE IS MORE THAN JUST A MOTTO AT HEWITT COMMUNITY CHURCH. IT IS THE FOUNDATION OF OUR IDENTITY AND MOTIVATION.
"Our prayer was we don't know how or where or when God, but we trust that you do. God put a move in our hearts and we began to pray and ask God to prepare a home, a church and a church family for us. And in his perfect timing he led us here to Hewitt Texas. When we walked through the doors at H.C.C. for the first time we were touched by the sweet spirit of hospitality that made us feel so welcomed. Then praise and worship started and we just knew that this was going to be our church. From kids church to youth group to getting plugged into a life group. We have been so blessed. We are so grateful that we have found a church where we could grow, serve and have fellowship with friends that have become family."
"We searched for a Church family for years but never really found the right place. From the minute we walked in the doors at HCC we felt at home, from the smiling faces to the Pastors celebrating our first visit, words can not express how welcomed we felt. There is genuine care expressed and an empowering word shared every week. We are so blessed to have found our church family and look forward to strengthening our relationships with God and raising our little boy in the presence of HCC. What are

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.785092
Retrieved Text: Mangaluru Bishop spells miracle: Water found in barren land! Mangaluru Bishop spells miracle: Water found in barren land!
Mangaluru Bishop spells miracle: Water found in barren land!
Mangaluru: Just two days ago, Mangaluru Bishop Rev. Dr. Peter Paul Saldanha had been to Anthony Katte near Bajpe, where the construction of St. Anthony Church is going on. While giving some suggestions after inspecting the work, the bishop had said that the place where the church is being built is holy one and a miracle is likely to happen shortly.
Surprisingly, on the same day, when the earth mover was engaged in digging the land, water appeared at the place, where the bishop was standing and informed that a miracle is likely to happen in the same place.
Prior to visiting this place, the bishop had attended the feast mass at the Bajpe Shrine where St. John Paul II had visited. Rev. Dr. Saldanha recalled having said that after the visit of former Pope St. John Paul II, there would be plenty of water available in the bore wells, despite the scarcity of water here earlier and the same happened.
Parish Priest Fr. Edwin Pinto, when contacted, informed that as the miracle had taken place, they were thinking of preserving that place as a sacred one. "As we consider this a miracle, enthusiasts keep on visiting the place. Hence, we are now planning to develop the place accordingly", he said.
When newskarnataka.com contacted St. Anthony Church Vice President Walter Montero, he said, " We had undertaken work on the barren land, using the JCB

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.698161
Retrieved Text: The establishment of the pilgrimage church of St. Wolfgang goes back to a legend in 976. The Bishop Wolfgang of Regensburg was living as a hermit at the Falkenstein and made ​​the decision to build the first church here. The location of the building was inspired by his famous "Axthrow", a divine dispensation.
He threw the ax with the vow, where he found it again, to build a church. When he found the ax after three days he built the church at its find site on a rocky hill next to the lake.
During the Wolfgangsee Advent: (Thursday to Sunday), the church is open until 19:00 clock.
The sanctuary can be visited free to all opening times.
Photographing and filming in the church are not allowed!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.47881
Retrieved Text: Home Columnists Ato Bob Could I find my church when coming from or going to Africa?
Could I find my church when coming from or going to Africa?
A tour of African countries I lived and worked in and the churches I found there.
When your body relocates, your mind and conviction has to follow.
Relocating, transferring or moving to another country is a radically intervening affair. The language, people, climate, work or housing will be different. Moreover as a believer, you must find a church or other place, where you can practice your conviction, your belief and enjoy fellowship with likeminded people. What did I find?
I am a Christian and have changed my church many times, mostly due to relocation from one country to the other. I was born into the Dutch Reformed Church in the small town of Meppel. There I gave my life to Christ and soon after left for Africa in 1966 to work for SNV the Dutch volunteer organization. Searching my memory, I must have attended almost a dozen different churches over a 40-odd years.
It was first the Anglican Church in Kisumu Kenya, a 35 km, from Kibigori, where I lived and worked assisting sugarcane farmers to form a cooperative. Kisumu was the place where I and the other volunteers went for shopping or a movie. Leaving for Kisumu early on Sunday morning, it was just me and Dutch friend Paul. I found the Anglicans too Roman Catholic, but it was in English, as my Swahili was rudimentary back then.
Back to my hometown Meppel in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.408647
Retrieved Text: Pinecrest :: New to Pinecrest?
Thank you so much for taking time to visit our website. Please look over this page to receive some important information about visiting our church for the first time. If you have any questions, you are always welcome to contact us as well.
It is our hope that you will find Pinecrest Church to be a place where you can worship God, grow in your faith and understanding of God's Word, be encouraged by fellow believers, and use your gifts to serve the Lord.
Pinecrest Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church is located at 1790 Greenville Highway, Flat Rock, NC 28731. If you are using I-26, then take exit #53 for Upward Road and proceed south towards Flat Rock, NC. The church is located at the corner where Upward Road (which changes into Highland Lake Road) ends at Greenville Highway. A Google map location of our church can be found on our Contact page.
We gather on Sunday morning for worship at 10:00am. There is Sunday School for all ages between the services starting at 11:00am. For a list of the current Sunday School Classes and what they are studying please visit our Sunday School page.
Pinecrest Church offers a staffed nursery for infants and toddlers for out morning worship service and for Sunday School. Directions to the nursery can be found inside each entrance. Pinecrest Church also offers Children's Church for children ages four through second grade during the 10:00am service. Four year olds through second graders are dismissed directly from worship service at the end of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.29067
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK -- A newborn boy was left in the manger of an indoor nativity scene at the Holy Child Jesus Church in Queens on Monday afternoon, police say.
The baby boy was found around 1:30 p.m. inside Richmond Hill church, according to WPIX.
"I believe that when this woman came into our church to find refuge, she found in this nativity scene a place for her son a place where he would be safe," Father Heanue said.
The custodian who found the infant told police the manger was empty when he left for lunch and when he returned, he heard a baby crying. That's when he found the baby wrapped in towels inside the manger. The baby's umbilical cord was still attached.
"He was wrapped in, for lack of a better word, swaddling clothes," Father Christopher Ryan Heanue said.
EMS transported the baby to Jamaica Hospital where he is listed in good condition. The police are looking for the mother, who they believe left the baby.
According to the Safe Haven law, a church a considered a safe place to leave an infant within 72 hours of birth, but a responsible person must be in attendance at the time of the drop-off.
"God works in mysterious ways," Father Heanue said, as the nativity scene was not even meant to be set up for another few weeks, "this was an act of God's divine providence."

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.216471
Retrieved Text: Discipleship should reflect Jesus’ earthly mission found in Luke 4:18, and the Church is to reflect Jesus’ mission found in Acts 2:42-47.
The church must be moving and replicating itself; being the hands, feet and mouth of God, as healers and restorers in a broken and decaying world.
This is the starting point. Zone 0 is where we spend most of our time - at our homes, with our families. Discipleship making begins with our families. This means our most important mission field is our families. This also means that we need to see our homes as centers for mission and hospitality, welcoming others into our homes.
Zone 0 is also the church. The church is not a building, but a people. As a church, we are called to be on Kingdom mission together. The Church is the Home, the Zone 0, the Family of God.
Who’s your neighbor? What does it look like for you to engage those who live around you and your neighborhood with the Gospel? Maybe throw a block party and invite your neighbors into your Zone 0.
What would it look like to see your workplace as your neighborhood? How can you reach the marketplace with the gospel?
Where do your kids go to school? Do you live in Elkhorn, Fremont, Bellevue or Benson? How do you reach your community with the gospel? Did you know that Westside Church has campuses in southwest Omaha and Fremont? What would it look like for you to participate with one of our communities in your community?
For the Omaha area, what

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.182368
Retrieved Text: A brief guide as the where Warburton is located.
or click for an aerial view.
The Parish of Warburton is situated in the County of Cheshire in the United Kingdom at map reference SJ6989. It is located at the junction of the roads to Lymm, Partington and Hollinfare. In later years it found itself alongside the Manchester Ship Canal following the building of that waterway and so is now at the foot of the toll bridge over the canal.
Warburton itself is a small village consisting of a number of houses and the now somewhat famous Warburton Old Church. Known in early Saxon times as Wareburghtune, after St Werburgh, later becoming St Werburgh Church. The Saxon section of the church can be seen in the north of Warburton Old Church as the church was rebuilt in the 12th century - for a photo see this link to TrekEarth. In 1885 a new church was built nearby on Bent Lane, the A6144, and this church is also called St Werburgh.
The area surrounding the church is also subject to much archaeological activity with finds not only of Saxon origin but also of early Bronze Age, Iron Age and Roman origin.
More details of historic Warburton can be found here: http://www.cheshirenow.co.uk/warburton.html or on Wikipedia.
This page updated: 6thOctober 2016.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.1484785
Retrieved Text: Thornage, All Saints Church, Thorage or Tornedis, meaning pasture where thorns grow. Old English + edisc (pasture). from King's Lynn to Holt in Norfolk, Thornage All Saints is found on the right hand side, it is a small village, it has a large gate leading to a small cemetery, and walking through that one comes across a beautiful little parish church. The back of the main door contains a very old lock, the church itself as (Mortlock and Roberts put it was brutally restored twice at the turn of the century, the interior being bleak). The church contains Wyverns, as with the first image, lots of Wyverns, both plastered onto glass, stone and even the Village Sign. There is mention too of a "Pulpit Fall" , this a cloth, beautifully embroided and was found in a suitcase in the vestry, It was much to fragile to use as a pulpit fall and three ladies, (Judith Coates, Mary Duncan and Janet Hammond funded the Restoration) The restoration was done by The Broderes Guild at Norwich Cathedral. It was framed by "Fine Lines Frames of Melton Constable, it is estimated about being made about 100 years ago, maker unknown, possibly someone in the village or at Ditchingham Convent where they had an Embroidery School. and a font that has seen better days. On the wall is a inscription dating 1590 linking both Heigham and Barow in Suffolk, of Knight Sir Clement. Thornage, All Saints Church, west tower, north porch, nave and chancel. This is an old church with

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.0814495
Retrieved Text: Las Cruces, New Mexico, police believe Nicholas Bravo, 22, stabbed a man walking with his ex-girlfriend, then fled to a church to clean up.
LAS CRUCES — A Las Cruces man stabbed another and then fled into a church restroom to clean himself up, police say — but alert parishioners prevented the man from leaving until officers arrived.
Nicholas Bravo, 22, is charged with aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and tampering with evidence.
Las Cruces police responded to a reported stabbing shortly after 7 p.m. Wednesday in the 800 block of Foster Road. Officers found a 22-year-old man with three puncture wounds to his torso. The man was transported to MountainView Regional Medical Center. His injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.
Police say the victim was walking along Foster Road with a woman when Bravo approached from behind. Bravo chased the victim until he fell to the ground, police said. Bravo is then suspected of stabbing the man with a knife.
Bravo is the ex-boyfriend of the woman who was walking with the victim, police said.
Bravo fled and entered the Immaculate Heart of Mary Church, police said. Parishioners reported seeing him entering the men’s restroom at the church, where detectives believe he tried to wash away the blood that was the evidence of the stabbing.
When Bravo tried to leave the church, he was detained by parishioners, police said. Investigators said they also found a knife, with what appeared to be blood on it, at the church near where the parishioners held Bravo.
On Thursday, Bravo was being held without bond

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.048422
Retrieved Text: Our concerts are held in St Mary Magdalene Church, Church Street, Dunton, SG18 8RR. The church dates back to the 14th century and provides us with a superb venue where the natural acoustics only need a little bit of balancing from our sound system. The March Hare pub provide a fully stocked bar at all of our concerts with local beers and Franklin's Cider available as well as other alcoholic and soft drinks.
The church is in the centre of Dunton, behind the March Hare pub. Parking can be found in front of the church on High Street and on both Church Street and Chapel Street (either side of the church).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.019013
Retrieved Text: Our minister, Remco van den Heuvel, and his wife Elly joined us at Wendover Free Church in September 2015. Wendover Free Church is their first church since finishing their training for ministry at Regents Park College Oxford. Prior to training for Ministry Remco was a Research Engineer at Brunel University in Uxbridge, where Elly still works as a Research Fellow. Remco enjoys swimming and can often be found at the Wendover Pool early morning session and he enjoys supporting Wendover’s coffee shops!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.9791565
Retrieved Text: The Sharpsburg location is found at 1717 Highway 154 in Sharpsburg, GA.
Where everyone is welcome, nobody is perfect, and anything is possible!
Times: Sunday at 9 and 10:30 a.m. 232 Newnan Crossing Bypass in Newnan, GA inside Regal Cinemas. YES! It's church in a movie theater!
Copyright 2019, Community Christian Church. All Rights Reserved.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.943291
Retrieved Text: Around the year 540, Belisario, a general of the emperor Giustiniano, decided to build a fortification northern of the Roman town of Luni, to defend themselves from the Goti who where invading Italy directed to Rome. This was probably the first settlement from where the village of Filattiera developed. The area was for sure inhabited since previous time by the Ligurian Apuan people, then by the Romans, Byzantines, Longbards and finally, during the Middle Ages, it became one of the main fiefdoms of the Malaspina family. Along the main road, once the medieval pilgrimage route Via Francigena, is the beautiful Romanesque Church of Sorano. The first settlement dating to the Roman and Byzantine period was in the valley floor where the Parish church is, whereas the historic centre of the village that we see today was built in the Middle Ages, first with the St.George’s Church, previously a defensive fortification, then the Malaspina Castle, today privately owned.
Some important traces of these past times have been found in this area and witness the passage of all these ancient peoples. For example in the parish church of Sorano two original stele statues (sandstone statues sculpted into male and female figures by the Ligurian Apuan people in the prehistoric era) have been found and here preserved. Also, a memorial stone dating to the Longbard period and stating the spread of Christianity, has been found in this church and today kept in the St.George’s church.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.897576
Retrieved Text: To visit Sorrento doesn't mean only to taste the prelibatezzes of the place, to admire the beauty of the landscape, to know the traditions folcloristiche but you/he/she can be also an exclusive moment to consider to itself and his/her own relationship with the religion, for this motive the run D exclusively proposes places of cult.
The itinerary departs from Rate Plaza, on which leans out the Church of the Carmine (already proposal and commented in the run B), after the visit in the Church he proceeds at the street Sant'Antonino, where possible to admire the six hundred buildings façades is and at the end of the road a fountain can be observed that has a history to the shoulders very ancient. It, in fact, has found the actual location after various mishaps. To the angle there is the Basilica of Sant'Antonino, very dear to the sorrentinis because it entertains the statue of the patron to which I/you/they are particularly devoted. The testimony of such devotion is given by the ex vote preserved in the inferior plan of the Church. After the visit in the Basilica he proceeds under the crossover on which leans out the choir of the nuns of the Convent of Saint Maria of the Graces. The entrance of the Church of Saint Maria of the Graces introduces a portal in piperno on whose summit there is a bas-relief in marble on which I/you/they are graven two children that hold up a garland with to the center the coat of arms of the family Donnorso.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.889907
Retrieved Text: The Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery is located in Franklin County. The county seat for Franklin County is located in Russellville.
We know of 39 cemeteries that are within Less than 2 miles<1> of the Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery. The cemeteries are listed in alphabetical order.
The following 23 communities are within 20 miles [32.2 km] of the Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery.
The following communities are those where newspapers have been published and are located in the vicinity of the Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery. Unless otherwise noted, the following communities are located in Franklin County.
More information can be found on our list of Local Newspapers for the Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery.
Our distance measurements begin at a specific point at the Ebenezer MB Church Cemetery. The point we use is located at these GPS coordinates - Latitude: 34.3422, Longitude: -88.1495 [Map].

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.86736
Retrieved Text: Sue and I have been here at Pinkney Missionary Baptist Church for almost a year now. It has been one of the greatest joys of our lives to serve you, and to serve with you.
Sue and I have found love, friendship, and joy here among such loving and caring people. We have found a church where the people love God and each other. People who are ready and willing to work in total faith in the building up of The Church and God’s Kingdom.
May God richly bless you in the New Year – 2017!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.850127
Retrieved Text: Home / Articles / A Toledo Dungeon Is the Irish Church in a ‘Dark Night’?
A Toledo Dungeon Is the Irish Church in a ‘Dark Night’?
The Furrow devotes much space to our efforts to reflect on the Church in Ireland today and where we might be going. Brendan Hoban gives us a dire picture of the morale among priests as the waves of the new reality wash against their shores. And Gerry O’Hanlon regrets that the bishops seem to be cheering Pope Francis from the touchline without getting engaged in the game. What I have not come across, which is not to say it is not to be found somewhere, is a reflection on the spiritual texture of the present malaise. We are good at describing our empty seminaries and diminishing numbers at Mass. We know that the abuse scandals have turned many young people away. But where do our exhaustive descriptions leave us? Where is God in all this?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.843785
Retrieved Text: February 17 took us to the eastern edge of Las Vegas where we hear chickens and see horses and cows. Yes, we are still in the town of Las Vegas, but in an area that allows families to have farm animals.
We spoke at Bible Baptist Church for an all church Sunday School service. Rodney challenged the church family with the faithfulness of Daniel and his love for his living God. After the morning service we saw 5 adults respond to the invitation to see the lost as Jesus sees them.
In the evening service we presented our ministry through ventriloquism and a clear gospel message. Five other saints responded with the desire to put sin out of their lives and serve the Lord in their lives.
After the service it was so encouraging to see a young man respond in obedience and go through the waters of baptism. It is always a joy to see people obey the Lord and follow in His footsteps.
On February 10, 2008 we ministered at the College Park Baptist Church where we had the opportunity to present our ministry in the evening. This church has a great view of the stratosphere. The stratosphere is the large tower found on the end of the strip in Los Vegas.
On Friday I had the privilege to go out on their visitation program. On Monday Caleb and I went out with the pastor and other church members to hand out tracts and encourage people on there visitors list to come back in the near future.
Please pray for

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.798293
Retrieved Text: My daughter is graduating from high school this week. “Tradition” brings us a full four-day palate of activities and festivities. Last night was Class Night, an evening of graduating seniors giving thanks (to teachers, administrators, and parents) as well as delivering syrupy, sentimental senior speeches. And, then there was the “Senior Slide Show,” which was really a 35-minute parade of photos of one particular foursome—the popular girls. Some photos just had one or two of them, but many of the photos had all four. Interspersed among the photos of the always smiling popular girls were random photos of other seniors from the graduating class—after all, how can you be the “popular girls” without a supporting cast of clearly “not so popular” and “unpopular”?
Somewhere in the middle of this really unpleasant experience, I found myself having a series of flashbacks to my own high school experience. I was definitely not a “popular girl” and, on top of that, I often found myself needing to explain my presence in many of my classes. I was a “smart kid” who landed in classes with other “smart kids,” but I wasn’t from the “smart kid” part of town (where the local professionals lived). Instead, I lived in a “middle” part of the town (there was definitely a part of town that was even lower down the economic scale), where “middle” smart kids lived.
After surfing through my flashbacks, and letting myself actually think about them, it occurred to me that those awkward teenage years are very likely the most important in

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.794601
Retrieved Text: I am very quickly being introduced to the many different aspects of this new church I have been going to.
I didn’t go to this church last week since I was at home for the holiday. This week when I arrived, I was greeted by no less 5 different people. And I was finally grabbed by their welcoming table to fill out a “visitor’s card”. I did it now since I think that I will be quite happy to make it my regular church.
I was surprised to learn that today would be a baptism service. I really enjoy them – there is something about watching people publicly declare their desire to join the church. I can even remember (although not very clearly) watching my own parents get baptised when I was younger. There is something so special about a baptism service. They bring such happiness and celebration within a church. I have been to a few, at my old church, at friends’ churches, once while standing at the side of a small lake, and once (believe it or not) in my own backyard with my swimming pool serving as the water supply.
This was a little bit different of a baptism service than I was used to. Each of the candidates read their testimonies as they were standing in the tank, waiting to be dunked. I found this encouraging. But then, the last candidate walked into the tank.
Her testimony had almost the entire church in tears. You could hear sniffling all around you, and I was even moved

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.7707405
Retrieved Text: Has Jesus’ childhood home been discovered?
[by Dean Smith] In a Biblical Archaeological Review article, archaeologist Ken Dark reports he may have found Jesus’ childhood home in Nazareth. According to the Bible, Jesus was born in Bethlehem (Matthew 2:1), raised in Nazareth (Luke 4:16) and eventually moved to Capernaum (Matthew 4:13) where He started ministering.
In 670 AD, an Irish Monk named Adomnan from Iona wrote a document called De Loctis Sanctis that discussed the pilgrimage of Bishop Arculf to Nazareth. During his journey, Arculf visited a church at the site of the home where Jesus grew up.
According to Adomnan, Arculf provided a brief description of its location stating in addition to the church, the house was located between two tombs and there was a spring nearby. The Bishop also described a second church — the Church of the Annunciation — being close to this house.
Dark believes they have found the home described by Arculf. It is located beneath a building used by the Sisters of Nazareth Convent. Evidence of this ancient house was first discovered by nuns in 1880.
In 2006, Dark started doing extensive archaeological work at the site. He eventually uncovered a home dated to the first century that had been partly built into a limestone hill. It had a number of rooms and even a staircase. It still had its original window sills and a doorway. The team also found artifacts indicating a Jewish family occupied the home.
However, it was the discovery of two tombs, along with the remains of ancient church with a spring,

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.744354
Retrieved Text: Connect to Elevate Life Church at any time with your mobile device where our mission is to Encounter God, Embrace others, and Elevate your world.
Browse current and previous sermon series by Pastor Tim Staier and watch and listen on demand. See upcoming events, read blog posts, find, service times and more.
Everything found on the Elevate Life App can easily be shared with friends and family via Twitter, Facebook, or email.
This is the best way to stay connected to everything going on at Elevate Life Church.
The Elevate Life Church app was developed with The Church App by Subsplash.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.725993
Retrieved Text: While travelling in Mississippi we often came across various sites which were not directly connected to the blues but which we found to be interesting. So we’ll gradually be adding these sites on this Interesting Connections page in case any of our readers want to check them out.
Here are some of these Interesting Connections we came across. We will be adding more of these Interesting Connections in due time.
The facade of the Lorraine Motel where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was shot. The Lorraine Motel is now part of the National Civil Rights Museum.
St. George’s Episcopal Church, Clarksdale. Tennessee Williams spent part of his childhood at this church during the sixteen years his grandfather, Rev. Walter Dakin, was Rector of St. George’s Episcopal Church.
St. Peter’s Episcopal Church, Oxford. William Faulkner was a parishioner of this church.
Tutwiler Funeral Home – where Emmett Till‘s body was prepared for transportation to Chicago in August 1955.
The front and side of the former Tutwiler Funeral Home, where Emmett Till‘s body was prepared for transportation to Chicago in August 1955.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.719853
Retrieved Text: Female found at age 1 month near the cemetery located behind Yeka Michael Church in Addis Ababa (see photo below) in the Yeka sub city, Kebele 15. Child stayed at Missionaries of Charity Asco location until adopted in 2011 at age 6 through Adoption Advocates International (WA, USA).
Child as an infant, estimated age: 6 months. Child was abandoned at an estimated age of 1 month.
Additional information about child’s ethnicity We think the child may be Oromo, but are not sure.
Additional information about this orphanage or care center The child lived at the Missionaries of Charity Asco location (not the Sidist Kilo location) from 2004 through 2011.
Additional information about this orphanage or care center The child only lived at the Missionaries of Charity Orphanage (Asco location).
Child standing in location she was found behind Yeka Michael Church. Age in photo: 9 years.
Additional information that could be useful in making a match Child was abandoned near the cemetery located behind Yeka Michael Church (see attached photo of exact location) in the Yeka sub city, Kebele 15. Several people living near the church/cemetery saw the child before she was turned over to the police. No names were recorded. A searcher we used found a woman named “Mami” that lives on the opposite side of the cemetery from where the child was found that remembers the day she was found, but has no additional information.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.719106
Retrieved Text: Sigtuna is the oldest, still populated settlement in Sweden. The long dramatic history spans over 1000 years, and has left a rich heritage of historic monuments. Some of the most interesting are the great number inscriptions on stones written in the old Norse Runic alphabet. Here a a few stones found in the centre of the town.
Translated text: Anund erected this stone in menory of himself, while still alive.
This stone was found by the north east corner of St. Lars Church Ruin in 1956, where it had been laid down as a corner stone of an old wall.
This means that the stone had been placed into the church wall around 50 years after the constructed in the middle of the 11th century. The stone, predating this old church, may be at least 1000 years old.
This stone may be a result of vanity, as Anund erected it in memory of himself, wile still being alive. A very human trait, bringing the voice of an individual to us through history.
This runic stone dates back at least 900 years. It was mentioned in historic records first in 1612, as stone threshold at St. Pers Church. Some of the inscription was lost, when adjusted to the adjacent stones in the church floor.
It was drawn and the registered over 300 years ago. The text in the brackets refers to the text visible when it was registered for the first time in the 17th century.
The Church dedicated to Saint Mary, is the only Medieval church still standing in Sigtuna. Here you find

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.692167
Retrieved Text: Loughborough’s oldest parish church serves the communities of Hastings, Storer and Lemyngton and offers a place of worship and welcome to all.
The building is home to an inclusive Christian community, part of the Diocese of Leicester and sits within the liturgical and sacramental tradition of the Church of England. All Saints seeks to be a place where people from all walks of life can connect with a sense of the sacred, explore the Christian faith with depth and intellectual integrity and where love of God is expressed in word and deed.
Worship is offered throughout the week with special services offered for those wishing to celebrate their marriage, the birth of a child or to mourn the passing of a loved one. The church community of All Saints looks to work in partnership with all those who share the values of the kingdom of God. They are members of Loughborough Churches Partnership, Loughborough Council of Faiths and Human Rights and Equalities Charnwood.
The parish office is situated within Fearon Hall where our current Rector Revd. Wendy Dalrymple can often be found.
Morning Prayer continues in church as usual at 9.00am Monday - Friday but Evening Prayer resumes on Monday 6 May.
@annamycharlotte And we’re delighted that you did! It will take pride of place at the front of church throughout the weeks of #Easter.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.682205
Retrieved Text: No matter who you are or where you are from we invite you to come and be a part of our growing community of people seeking to live and love like Jesus.
We are glad you found our website. No matter who you are or where you come from, you are welcome at our church.
We are a growing community made up of people from a wide variety of ages, cultures and backgrounds who have found a common bond in our love for Jesus. We would love the chance to meet you and hear your story.
Please browse through our website to get a sense of who we are. The best way to get to know us is by experiencing our community for yourself, so we encourage you to visit one of our Sunday services. We look forward to meeting you soon!
Our three Sunday services are great places to connect, worship, celebrate and encounter God together.
Our church plant meets in the heart of Parramatta, seeking to reach our city with the Good News of Jesus.
There is always a great variety of events coming up in the life of our church to encourage and equip.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.667859
Retrieved Text: Preston Bagot is six miles west of Warwick, and is located in the Stratford district of the county. It is mentioned in the Domesday Book, and the church’s elevated position sees a steep approach to it from all sides bar the north.
The Parish Church of All Saints, Preston Bagot. The church was originally built in the Medieval period. Alterations were made to the building in subsequent periods. The church is situated roughly 250m west of Church Farm, Preston Bagot.
Preston Bagon Manor House, which was built during the Post Medieval period. It is situated 800m east of Preston Green.
The site of a canal wharf, where vessels would have loaded and unloaded goods during the Imperial period. It was located at Warwick Road Bridge, south of Preston Bagot.
Findspot - a coin, a strap end and a bronze finger ring all dating to the Medieval period and found 500m north of Preston Bagot.
Findspot - a coin, a silver thimble and a bronze shoe buckle dating to the Post Medieval period. All were found 500m north of Preston Bagot.
Findspot - an undated iron spearhead was found 600m south of Hazel Wood.
Findspot - pottery dating to the Medieval period was found 900m north east of Kite Green.
Findspot - a flint core, dating to the Mesolithic period, was found 400m south east of Kite Green.
Probable extent of Medieval settlement in Preston Bagot as indicated on the Ordnance Survey map of 1886.
This map shows markers for every photo, article, historic site and catalogue record within the Preston Bagot category.

================



======= Instance Index 6591 =========
Input Text: What is important for a couple to do?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- live together
- row about
- plan to marry
- communicate
- marry each other

Target Text: communicate

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.894226
Retrieved Text: Whether you’re developing a new marriage ministry or growing an existing ministry — it’s important that your staff, leadership and volunteers are on the same page on a few key items.
This list applies to pre-marriage mentoring, but has application to general marriage ministry.
Re-Marriage: Under what conditions is a person free to re-marry? Also consider a Divorce statement.
Sexual Purity: Do you require a commitment to purity? Living Arrangements: What if a couple is living together? Spiritual Condition: How do you define equally yoked? Do you marry seekers? Will you marry unequally-yoked couples?
Who can be married at your church? Who can engage in your marriage process? Does a couple need to attend your church? For how long?
Will you mentor non-Christians? Seriously consider this evangelistic opportunity.
Marriage Criteria What biblical principles govern whether or not your church will marry a couple? How will that be communicated to the couple?
Pre-Requisites. Prior to affirming a couple’s ceremony date, what is required of the couple? A marriage workshop? A budget class? Mentoring?
Decision to Marry Who makes that decision? Are your volunteer mentors empowered to do so? Will leadership stand by those decisions?
Your Mentoring Program Who will mentor? You? Volunteers? If volunteers… What are your recruitment criteria? Who will recruit and train? Have you developed a mentor-training program?Have you considered ongoing refresher training? Consider these four important components of any strong training program — skills training, mentoring, testing, and small group.
What pre/marriage topics will be addressed?
What objectives or values are most important? Community? Evangelism?
Spiritual Growth?What are the core building blocks of a quality marriage?
What

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.188718
Retrieved Text: Common Divorce Questions- How Do Important Decisions Get Made?
You are here: Home / Blog / How Do the Important Decisions Get Made?
Many clients want to know what is required by the state of Texas under a statute versus what they can agree to by creative thinking, which is often one of the benefits of a collaborative divorce. For example, I always remind everybody that when it comes to property division, there’s no set rule, and you can evaluate things that are liquid versus illiquid in order to come up with the best solution for everybody.
Some people have more cash flow needs than they do asset needs, hard assets. Also, there’s all the discussion about custody arrangements and the flexibility of those that are available outside of a courtroom that are not available through a judge no matter how creative that judge tries to be. That leaves all of these decisions to be made by the couple with the creative assistance of a team that has seen dozens and dozens of unique solutions applied to different situations.
In a collaborative divorce, it is the couple that ultimately makes the important decisions in the case.
In a litigated case, it is the judge that will make those decisions. A judge that ultimately doesn’t have as clear an understanding of the situation as the couple themselves. In mediation, the mediator has one goal in mind… to settle the case. If the mediator is able to wear down one side or the other during the mediation then the case gets settled. But

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.073475
Retrieved Text: Today we would like to explain everything worth knowing about Couple therapy Toronto or marriage therapy. Many partners cannot solve their problems on their own. They often seem to be talking to each other, but in reality, it is a non-communication because nothing is really exchanged and the conversation thus bears no fruit. Here a couple of therapy can help. But how does it work? When is it appropriate and what success can be achieved? All this you will learn in the following guide.
How does a couple of therapy or marriage therapy work?
The Psychotherapist Toronto is psychologists or psychotherapists. They work together with the two partners. The church also offers a couple of therapy, specially trained pastoral counselors provide life coaching on a wide range of problems, fears, burdens, relationship problems, and marital crises.
In marriage therapy, a Toronto Psychotherapists looks completely impartial from the outside on the relationship. He becomes a kind of interpreter because the partners rarely speak the same language. Over time, they have forgotten how to understand what they mean or what their wishes are.
At the first meeting, it is usually determined what each partner hopes for from the Couple Therapy Toronto. Do you both want to get together again or does one of you think about separation? This is an important question that needs to be clarified. There are also couples who go to the couple therapist to part peacefully.
Once the therapy goal is set, it addresses the issues at hand. It is important to grasp the personal problem: what are the

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.748104
Retrieved Text: Is your marriage/relationship more often negative than positive?
Do you feel indifferent towards your spouse/significant other, or sense that s/he feels indifferent to you?
Are you looking for something different from your relationship but can’t even define what?
Do you find yourself dreading being with your spouse/significant other on a regular basis?
Has your spouse/significant other cheated on you?
Do you frequently wonder whether your marriage/relationship is going to make it?
While this is by no means an exhaustive list, a “yes” answer to any of these questions is a good indication that it might be time to seek the help of a couples counselor. Marital therapy can do a lot for a couple, whether the relationship is really on the brink or is just has a few rough spots that need smoothing out. The intervention of a trained and objective professional can make a big difference.
Your couples counselor can help you get down to the root of what the problem in your relationship really is. Often a couple will come into the therapy room with complaints about issues that are really don’t get at the heart of the trouble – like how to squeeze the toothpaste, or what one person or the other said last night. In truth the issue likely runs much deeper, and a marriage therapist can help discover what that is.
Another important way the relationship counselor can help is to teach a couple to communicate about a problem more effectively. Frequently when there are important values at stake people can get very emotional. When couples come to counseling

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.73945
Retrieved Text: Relationships are a very important part of our lives. A couple’s relationship is one of the most delicate yet the most important relationship. Couples relationship counseling is also known as marital therapy or marriage guidance. In this both the individuals known as a couple are guided together.
The counselor does not treat the two individuals as two distinct personalities but as one. Sometimes, a partner may request separate counseling due to comfort level.
• When they are too busy at work and have no time for each other. This takes a toll their on their relationship.
In the above situations a partner should take counseling. This may save the couple’s relationship and the same relationship can become beautiful and something which you tend to look forward to after a hectic and tiring day. When a couple is being counseled they are told to do a number of things by a counselor. All these things have to be done by the couple and sometimes the counselor also asks you for a feedback in your next session.
The most important factor in today’s relationship is time. All of us are so engrossed and busy in our lives that we forget to spend quality time with each other. It is very important to spend quality time with each other, share our thoughts, discuss and plan things. Without spending quality time we cannot know about each others thoughts and feelings. This leads to misconceptions and misunderstandings. Hence, it is of utmost importance to spend quality time with your partner to know him better.
It is

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.545411
Retrieved Text: Relationships are not always easy, but if you are with the right person, then it can be very fulfilling. Here are ten different ways to tell if you and your partner have what it takes to go the distance.
While most couples do not have everything in common with each other, it’s important to find some common ground. Whether it is trying out a new restaurant in your neighborhood or joining a community sport’s team together, the important thing is to explore your common interest in the context of your relationship and use it as a way to strengthen your bond.
For couples who share the same outlook on life, this is one of the biggest factors in gauging compatibility. Is having the support of your family important for you? If so, it’s ideal to look for a partner that shares this same perspective. On the other hand, if you each have different religions, political beliefs or other different outlooks on life, does that make you automatically not a good match? Not necessarily, especially if you can come to a common middle ground on various topics and are empathetic towards your partner’s view. A mutual tolerance and desire to understand each other makes you compatible.
Having similar values is important, but no couple will agree on everything 100 percent. It is important in moments of disagreement to be respectful and lay out boundaries, so that you are not having the same discussion over and over again, that you know will go nowhere.
As the old saying goes, “absence makes the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.478906
Retrieved Text: My girlfriend and I recently got engaged and her mom wants us to do premarital counseling. We’re obviously happy – we’re getting married! – so is premarital counseling something we need to do? What would we talk about?
Congratulations on your engagement! I’m so glad to hear that you and your fiancé are happy and enjoying this time. Her mom has a good point though–preparing for marriage and preparing for a wedding are two different things! From Oprah to the Huffington Post, there are lots of recommendations about the important topics to cover in premarital counseling.
Premarital counseling in Bethesda MD is a great opportunity to spend some focused time talking about your relationship. Discussions prompted by questions like, “what are the things we do to express love and appreciation?” and “how do we want to merge our finances?” and “when we disagree about something, could we handle it differently?” help you think about important premarital counseling topics like intimacy, money, and conflict resolution. There are other important topics too: dynamics in the families you grew up in, the balance of time spent together and apart, how your personalities compliment each other, and goals for yourselves as individuals and as a couple. Preparing for marriage should be fun, helpful, and ultimately enable you to explore and strengthen your partnership.
If you know a couple who is recently engaged and preparing for marriage, we hope you forward this post. Premarital counseling in Bethesda MD helps couples learn about their relationship strengths and prepare for a healthy married future.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.473572
Retrieved Text: Relentless Bride® Weddings, Wedding Planning, Life & Marriage: Why Marriage?
Is this man the one you want to devote your life to?
What will change once you're married?
How will married life be?
What vows/commitments that come with marriage are important to you?
What qualities in a marriage is important?
What can i bring to help the happiness of our marriage?
But she asked a very deep question. And I had no answer. I mean, I answered... "We both knew it was the direction we were headed, and without a doubt it was what we both wanted." But why? I asked myself "is that really a good answer?"
Then I realized, a question like that has no "good" answer, it just has your answer - which changes for each person/couple.
So now i'm pondering, why was getting married and marriage a given to us both? We never ever questioned it. We both knew... we want to be married. It wasn't about the piece of paper, the legality of the situation, or for society's sake but for our own... but Why?
Some couples, like Johnny Depp, decide that its not a necessity. I have no problems with that. I truly believe that each couple should do what is right for them and have no judgment.
So what about you? Why marriage? or for those who've decided against it... Why no marriage? What was your reasons, if any (and that you can put into words) for or against?
This is such an important question, and I agree that everyone should do what's right for them. For some people, that means

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.460744
Retrieved Text: I believe these are the words from a popular song back in the 70’s. I know plenty of couples that could have written that song. Hell, I was a part of a couple that could have written that song. But you know what I discovered as we “tried to make it.” I learned that while we were a couple, we were still individuals. And our individualities–personal journeys– got in our couple way. Yep, at the end of the day “the two”, separately, has to do the individual work to make the “two” together work. So, if you are in a relationship and “it ain’t working” then you might want to take a look at the man/woman in the mirror and ask what might “I do” to make the trying work. Remember those words? “I do.” Yeah, but now it means more than it then that beautiful day in June. Today it means “what am I going to do to keep this relationship thriving?” “It means what personal faults am I holding on to that I need to let go of for the sake of my union?” It means “What am I willing to do to improve myself so that my mate can stand living with me until death”‘ But, I guess this means that you gotta know what is important to you as a couple. These were ours. If you are interested in keeping you family together then you need to figure out what it is that’s keeping you apart. Then you’ve got to have a

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.440496
Retrieved Text: The theme of your wedding should run through all the elements of the occasion, such as the location, reception, invitations and decorations. Before the planning of your wedding is in full swing it is important to consider the theme and style of the wedding, and how this will affect your other major decisions.
The wedding venue is arguably the most significant element in portraying the theme to guests. For example, the decision of whether to have a traditional or modern wedding can greatly affect the choice of venue. A more specific theme – e.g. winter wonderland or the 1920s – will obviously require a suitable location in order to ensure the theme is consistent. If the couple already has their hearts set on a location, the theme could be built around that – likewise for any of the other elements. The theme may even be built around the bride’s dress, if it’s already been selected!
The theme will affect the colour scheme, decorations and favours in the wedding reception. Therefore before these decisions can be made a clear theme needs to be developed. The theme need not be seen as a constraint – it ensures consistency through the different elements and allows the couple to define their styles and personalities to their guests. Likewise, the theme does not have to be overly obvious, it can be subtle – but still enough to allow guests to understand what the theme is and how it represents the bride and groom.
The theme will also influence, and be influenced by, the date

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.412763
Retrieved Text: Getting Back to School: What Needs to Be Done?
A couple of months of recreation and you will have to get ready for school again. In order to save your money, time, and nerves, better plan everything you need beforehand. The last couple of weeks before school are usually very busy and chaotic and it's no secret that doing everything in the last minute leads to forgetting about something important. Creating to-do list is a very nice idea after all, it will help you remember about everything you wanted. Here is a couple of things you can do to be well-prepared for the upcoming school year.
Beside creating a to-do list you have to create a to-buy list, and school supplies should be mentioned first of all. Don't rush this process and don't buy everything at once. Visit different stores, compare prices and variability and then choose the items you need according to the budget you have. To make it easier, you can even try online shopping and have everything delivered to your home.
Instead of purchasing everything you see, make a plan. Go through the items in your wardrobe and choose the ones that still fit and are not worn out. Now you can see what is missing and can plan your shopping accordingly. This will help you to save some money and nerves. You can also try to create a couple of outfits, just make sure they are comfortable and appropriate to be worn for classes.
Having to get up early in the morning every day will be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.317138
Retrieved Text: Q. What is your advice to couples contemplating marriage?
A. Don’t go into it thinking that this is going to be a perfect union. Understand that marriage takes work, but it can be work that is very pleasurable, that helps you grow individually as well as together. Make sure your expectations are realistic. It’s a wonderful thing when a marriage works well, but I think you have to understand that it just doesn’t happen automatically.
Q. What do you think of couples living together for a while to iron out the kinks before they marry?
A. Sometimes that’s fine. But I find there is a different degree of commitment , and as we know, commitment is so important to a relationship. For some couples, it’s comfortable to live together and try out the relationship, and it may work in many cases. However, living together may be a way to discover incompatibilities. If the couple doesn’t have the skills to work out their differences, it is important that they discover this before they marry or have children.
We think premarital counseling is very important. It helps couples understand if their partner is able meet their needs in a workable, loving relationship.
Q. Do you see the depressed economy creating either new or increased problems for couples?
A. Of course, marriages do suffer from the extra stress of financial problems. With extra stresses, your defenses go down, and whatever problems you have may seem insurmountable. It’s important for couples to realize that these are difficult times for everybody, not a personal failure; but rather

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.298345
Retrieved Text: Relationship Advice: Are They Really Good for Couples?
Relationships are very important, it is because relationships are the ones that make up friends and families and loved ones. Which is why when it comes to relationships, people should make sure to take good care of their relationships or else they could end up losing them for sure. Which is why we are going to talk about relationship advice for this topic. It is because relationships are not that strong and there will always be bumpy roads and ups and downs that come along.
We are talking mostly about couples who are in a relationship. It is because couples are people who love one another and they are getting to know one another even better by improving their relationship. However, there will always be times where the couple will have problems and misunderstandings in their relationship, which will trigger fights and crying and everything. This is not healthy for a relationship because it can really destroy a couple if not handled properly.
That is why it is really important for couples to seek relationship advice at marriage counseling online all the time. It is because relationship advice is really helpful for new couples and couples who are experiencing rough times with each other. Even when a couple is not fighting with one another, it never hurts to ask for relationship advice. Now when it comes to giving relationship advice to couples, who are the usual people who give this? Well, the most common people who give these relationship advices to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.268069
Retrieved Text: In my past experience, this poem was usually recited by pre-teen girls, in the presence of another pre-teen girl and/or her male crush, to tease them about their (sometimes mutual) attraction to each other.
1. Set mutual life goals with your spouse.
Figure out together what your most important life goals are. If one of those includes something along the lines of wanting to do what is best for your kids, it seems that part of doing what is best for them usually includes keeping their family life (and hence, your marriage) happy and intact.
2. Set your mutual daily schedule according to your mutual life goals.
So if you and your spouse agree that one of your mutual life goals is to keep your marriage and family intact, then you both need to figure out how to nurture and take care of it EVERY DAY — just as you do with your children. This means carving out “couple time” with each other every day. It does not have to be a lot, especially during the hectic weekdays (think, “couple moments”). Even little affectionate gestures like hand-holding, hugging, and kissing in between doing the evening chores and activities can go a long way toward feeling regularly connected to each other. Of course, it is also important to regularly plan for larger blocks of “couple time”, such as date nights and weekend getaways. These date nights and getaways help to remind both of you that you were lovers FIRST, before the kids came — and you still are, even with having

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.233941
Retrieved Text: TIPS FOR MAKING A PRENUPTIAL AGREEMENT WORK - The Law Offices of Mary Ann Beaty, P.C.
One of the last things a couple about to get married wants to think about is the possibility that the union they are about to enter into could end in divorce. While it is an unpleasant conversation to have, more and more couples in Texas and elsewhere are considering the benefits that a prenuptial agreement could provide. Because there are no guarantees in life, even couples without much to their names include a prenup in their marriage.
While prenups are no longer just for the rich and famous, they are still a legal document that is legally binding if properly entered into. Therefore, it is not a simple document that can be quickly drafted and signed. Couples seeking to include a prenuptial agreement should take the time to consider ways to make it work for them, ensuring that if they decide to get a divorce, no problems will be present when the prenup is used.
The main purpose for a prenup is to protect assets and property. Even when a couple does not have much, how this topic is approached is critical to the success of the document. There is no way to sugar coat “I want to keep my things mine,” however, discussing a prenup as a future financial planning tool could help further the conversation. It could also help the couple fully understand what assets, property, inheritances and debts they do have.
It is important not to rush a prenuptial agreement; therefore,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.186372
Retrieved Text: What is the top reason for a couple to hire a wedding coordinator?
To take the stress of wedding planning off their hands. I know I’m biased but honestly at the very minimum, if a couple is planning on having a wedding with multiple vendors, hire at least a day-of coordinator. This will allow the couple and their family to be fully present and enjoy the day that they spent so much time, energy and money to put together. If couples want more help with the planning process then another thing for them to keep in mind is that we help you get the most value out of your wedding budget.
That no 2 weddings are the same. No matter how many times I’ve worked at a venue, each wedding is different because of the couples. We get to work with some really cool clients and it’s an honor to bring their vision to life on one of the most important days of their lives.
What types of couples and weddings are the perfect fit for First Comes Love?
Super cool ones. Kidding! We really do love our couples. We tend to gravitate to couples who want to have a beautiful, relaxed day with their friends and family. Our ideal couple is looking for a planner who is going to make the wedding planning process fun and easy and wants good value.
What personal quality of yours makes you most uniquely suited for wedding planning?
I’m Type-A. That linen that doesn’t hit the floor, I fix it. That light that’s just a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.150425
Retrieved Text: A couples wedding day is the happiest day of their lives. All of their family and friends gather together to celebrate the love that has been blossoming between the couple and then finally getting to see them tie the knot. A wedding is not just a celebration for two people coming together but also a celebration for three people bonded by a covenant—the bride, the groom, and God.
The sacred ritual of marriage is considered a joyous occasion for all. So if you’re planning to make a wedding photography business, here are some examples of Wedding Logo Templates.
Things to consider when planning a wedding day is the wedding photography factor. The wedding photographers will be there during the preparation time of the bride and groom and will also be the only ones left when everything else has been packed up or kept away during the reception. They will be there from start to finish during the day of the wedding. They will also take candid shots of guests and the couple during important parts. The ceremony and cake slicing, for example.
Most couples do not really take the wedding photography part seriously due to the fact that a lot of people can take pictures. Another is that they don’t want to pay additional fees such as this. What they fail to realize is that the wedding photographer’s job is solely to take pictures the whole day and they already know during which parts are the most important to capture. It actually takes years of experience to know when

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.148714
Retrieved Text: Yesterday I talked about how my husband and I had reached the milestone of 5 years of marriage. I also talked about some of the major changes that we have went through in our 5 years of marriage. With those changes also come many lessons that we have learned. I am sure there will be many more over the years, but for now, here are the top 5 things I learned in our 5 years of marriage.
Your faith will play a major role in your marriage. You may not think your faith will have a huge impact on your marriage, but it does. You will go through rough patches and your faith will be what gets you both through them. It may sound cliche, but it’s the truth and it doesn’t matter what your faith is, it should be the foundation of your marriage.
The first year isn’t the hardest. Everyone will try to tell you that the first year of marriage is the hardest, but that’s not the truth. The truth is that the first year is just riddled with the biggest changes, that’s what makes it hard. My husband and I lived together before we got married, and while there were difficult times, it wasn’t all in the first year. The hardest times are spread throughout your marriage, buying a house, buying a second house, changing jobs, money, bills, buying cars, kids and so on. The reason everyone says the first year is the hardest is because many of these changes are happening in the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.134433
Retrieved Text: 21/08/2018 – During the last couple of weeks, there was a lot of confusion about the priority rule for cyclists. What is allowed and what is not? Touring gives you a handy overview (in Dutch) of the most important traffic rules for cyclists.
For whom do the cycling rules apply?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.0725
Retrieved Text: Overview: With more than 12 years of experience counselling couples and an expert on relationship matters, Samantha Keller is a couple therapist who believes that you can keep your relationship alive amidst the conflicts and demands of modern day life style.
In the book, The Marriage HACKS, Samantha will talk about what makes marriages work, what the main deal breakers in a marriage are and what you can do to make your marriage come alive again.
Marriage requires continuous work but when you succeed in learning all important aspects of it, you will experience unprecedented levels of intimacy and connection.
The Marriage HACKS is written to help reflect the complexities faced by many couples in their relationships and provides a practical and insightful guide for any couple.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.066871
Retrieved Text: I am in the process of setting up a global, values-based media and marketing social enterprise.
I am seeking a freelance web designer who shares our vision of the principals of social justice, environmental sustainability, human rights, peace and non-violence.
I currently need someone to take over a very small, quick but VERY urgent web design project. The Wordpress template has been installed. Most of the website is done, but it needs a couple of small changes. The front has a grid/portfolio layout so you need to know how they work. Plus the images have to be nicely crunched and named etc. Just really BASIC level web design stuff.
For someone who knows what they're doing, the total project should really only take 2-4 hours. I know this because I could do it myself. The updates/changes will not be given to you in one hit, but filtered through over a couple of days. So you make work 1 hour today, 2 hours tomorrow and then another hour on Sunday (just an example!). The due date for 'go live' is on Monday.
I am NOT just looking for anyone. I am looking for someone I can rely on long-term to help out with other projects.
I would like to see a portfolio of work from you please.
The number of hours will grow as the business grows. Initially, we will be engaging you on this one project to show how you work under pressure and to assess your communication style.
Please quote me an hourly rate and convince me you're the one!
As part of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.049564
Retrieved Text: I actually didn't think it was possible to have an ethical and sustainable diamond of *any* kind. As soon a I knew Couple made that possible, it was an instantaneous decision. To be honest, I kind of look sideways at people who buy a mined diamond now. Like, what are you thinking? Not only do I strongly recommend it, but I lean in pretty hard on the sales pitch. To me, it's the only choice one should make when choosing a diamond ring.
I knew very early on that my wife was the woman I wanted to marry and start a family with. We both felt that it was important to get married before having kids and we both were really keen on starting to have kids and build a life together, sooner rather than later! When it came to choosing an engagement ring, I couldn't say no to the price and quality combo of Couple. Buying mined diamonds is a scam, and it's important you pop the question with something that shows her how much you care.
I had a general idea of what I liked, but my Couple ring is better than what I could ever have imagined. Very shiny, quite big and with the perfect shape and size. Everyone is curious to hear more about my lab-grown diamond story, and we are very proud to be an early customer of Couple. With lab-grown diamonds, you get so much more for your money. You also have the peace of mind of wearing something sustainable.
I knew I

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.046225
Retrieved Text: When conceptualizing an engagement photo shoot, couples and photographers usually have a hard time thinking about how to make everything in the photo session perfect.
They try to choose which among the Denver engagement photo locations will suit the theme best. They think too much about what the couple will wear, how many sets there will be, and what the props are. These things are all important in making the engagement photo shoot amazing. But what makes it perfect is the display of the genuine love of the couple.
When everything is all set and the photographer is ready to go, some couples find it hard to relax and enjoy the moment. Some would feel uncomfortable or overly conscious of how they look in photos. In fact, most couples are like this. Therefore, the challenge for the best photographers is to find the right words and the right way to say them to the couple so they will feel comfortable during the whole shoot.
With how this couple looks in the image, you can say that they are comfortable doing the photo shoot. They look relaxed. As the photographer intended to convey, it seems like the couple is just having a great time doing what they usually do - playing the piano and listening to music together.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.025281
Retrieved Text: Your wedding officiant is one of THE MOST IMPORTANT components of your entire wedding day. We’re exploring everything that goes into finding the perfect officiant in today’s all new episode of the Wedding Planning Podcast. Tune in here!
Who you choose to fulfill this VERY important role is different from couple to couple.
Getting married in a church? Your officiant, or “celebrant”, has likely been chosen for you based on the staff at the church.
If you’re not getting married in a church, you may have some more creative options at hand for choosing your wedding officiant. You can hire a professional to do the job, or have a friend or family member ordained to perform the marriage ceremony.
What things should we look for in our wedding officiant?
You & your partner will decide your officiant’s role in the months leading up to the wedding, and the ceremony itself. Therefore, it’s really important to do extensive research and interviews to be sure you choose someone who is compatible with your personalities & vision. We go into this in detail during the full-length audio show.
Bethel Nathan is a Southern California-based wedding officiant who is amazingly insightful and warm. I fell in love with her the first time we met, and I think you will too!
Bethel outlines the most important lessons she has learned marrying 900+ couples in the past ten years.
She shares why it is so important to find an officiant who will participate WITH you in building the wedding ceremony and your vows – versus just giving you a blank

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.018086
Retrieved Text: Preparing for a 50th wedding anniversary party can be fun and simple to do. Since you're celebrating the love of a couple, you can ask for help from friends and family. Delegating is important for this kind of event. Don't be afraid to ask others for help in planning and executing tasks on the big day. You can also hire a professional planner to do most of the work for you, if you can afford it.
Plan for the day with your budget in mind. Rental halls and event centers can be a wonderful but pricey option. Choose a decorated home or the couple's church hall to save money. Think about how many people you would like to invite.
Catered food, tables, chairs, linens and other items can rack up your budget costs. Decorations and the length of your guest list are also determined by your budget and the personality of the couple.
Send out invites early. This way you will know how much space and food you need for your party. Create a list that includes both family and friends of the couple. Ask the couple about guests, as there may be people they would like to attend that you may not know about.
Decorate the space on the day of the party or the night before. Gold is the official color of the 50th wedding anniversary, so you can choose gold balloons or streamers to hang in the room where the party will be held.
Frame photos of the couple over the years and moments with their family members

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.970035
Retrieved Text: Dalal Salomon knows money can be one of the toughest topics for a couple to talk about. As CEO and founding partner of Salomon & Ludwin, an investment and financial advisory firm, Salomon has spent her entire career helping couples navigate difficult financial conversations.
Bride: When should a couple begin to discuss their finances?
Dalal Salomon: For a newly married couple to talk [about finances] before they get married is a really good thing.
Creating a financial plan, even at the very beginning stages of a marriage, gets a couple to talk about what’s really important to them. It lays out a roadmap for their goals and dreams.
Bride: Why is it so difficult for people to talk about money?
DS: The way you were raised and how your parents spoke about money — or didn’t — has a big impact. Some people may have financial guilt coming into a marriage if they have a lot of debt. I have found over 30 years of talking to people about money that opposites really do attract. Usually, in a couple, there is a spender and a saver. If they work together it can be a positive experience, but a lot of times, they don’t work together and it causes resentment.
Bride: How can a saver and a spender live together harmoniously?
DS: It is really important in establishing trust in a relationship that a spender is not hiding their spending habits. If you’re trying to work within a budget as a family, you will never have a true sense of your spending if someone

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.959939
Retrieved Text: The Assessment Committee at Dreamix is responsible for helping people grow and constantly improve themselves by evaluating them few times a year and sets appropriate steps for improvement. The outcome is a proposition for salary updates, salary and bonus model improvement, and feedback for each member of the team.
This year our assessment Committee includes the most experienced technical gurus @Dreamix. Led by our CTO Angel and Todor (our Oracle Fusion Evangelist) supported by Yanev and Hristo, both Technical Leads, BI and EAI experts and myself as an organizer of the process. The Committee’s average experience in software development and project management is ~ 12 years – we definitely can trust the judgment of these guys!
Criteria are separated in 2 groups – technical and personal competencies.
Our Competence Model is quite detailed in what a developer should possess as a technical skill set.
A Couple of years experience.
Self-confident. Can assist a couple of developers.
Leads a team. Delivers a project. Communicates with client’s technical representative.
Consult clients onsite and negotiate future projects offsite.
Wide – overview of a wide range of software technologies and methodologies.
Factors like motivated, social (also online), responsive are promoted trough а bonus system.
Here is a list of questions I still seek answers to. I’m eager to hear do you know how your salary is formed? What bonus systems do you find satisfying?
And some specific questions for our HR readers – how do you think people should be assessed? Are soft skills more important than technical skills? Is the ‘years of professional experience’ factor important?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.932366
Retrieved Text: Home > Features > A Beautiful Little Adventure > How Do You Define “Us”?
How Do You Define “Us”?
The equally beautiful and challenging aspect about a marriage is the fact that you are bringing two different individuals together and creating a unified unit. Of course each individual brings their own family, friends, past experiences, and traumas with them. Within this partnership, all of your baggage and all of your significant other’s baggage are blended together. This in turn delivers new surprises, both pleasant and shocking, nearly every day.
You spend a large part of your young adult life figuring out who you are as a person. (Some of us are still trying to figure that out.) You are constantly trying to figure out how you fit into this big world and what role you want to play. Remember being in grade school and having to answer questions like “what makes YOU special?” and the age-old, “what do you want to BE when you grow up”. We were forced to write those acrostic poems –as in, K A T I E, K – kind, A – awesome, T – Talented, I – Interesting, E – Energetic. We were always taught to establish ourselves as our own unique brand.
How do you define “us”? What do “we” look like?
The beautiful thing about being in a life long partnership like marriage is that you have a clean slate. With the help of our shared experiences we now can create a new definition of what we want our combined future to look like.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.921697
Retrieved Text: Pre-wedding photography is fun and paints the couple’s emotions on a beautiful canvas before their wedding day. The bride and groom can experience love in our pictures, and it will get imprinted in their memory forever as a symbol of their courtship days. Powered by the ideas of Haythem Lafhaj & Ashley Nguyen pre wedding photoshoot Washington DC.
In recent years, pre-wedding photoshoot has gained huge popularity. Here are some important pre-wedding photography tips to capture stunning pictures that will make the would-be couple happy.
Every couple has different pre-wedding photoshoot ideas. Some want their pre-wedding shoot should be natural and very simple, while other couples opt for loud, glamorous, fashionable, and editorial photos. So, it is very important to discuss the bride and groom’s ideas for a photoshoot before doing the pre-wedding session, so that you can deliver exactly what they want and envision.
Couples usually have some formed pre-wedding photoshoot ideas. Photographers can capture more creative pictures with mixing his/her creativity with couple’s ideas.
A longer lens produces beautiful photos that complement your ride and groom’s best features, and it also creates a beautiful blur background to keep the focus on the couple.
Using a longer lens makes the couple feel relaxed as well because the photographer doesn’t have to stand very close to the couple to get a romantic closeup shot. It’s hard for the couple to act naturally when the camera is on their faces. So the photographer should use a longer lens to help put their client’s at ease.
Finding beautiful locations for the photoshoot session is

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.9189205
Retrieved Text: Last week we spoke about what to eat prior to exercise, this week we will focus on what things to eat after exercise.
It is extremely important to consume the proper foods and drinks post exercise. The first 30 minutes is the most crucial time to restore your glycogen (CHO) stores which have been depleted. If you do not replenish your glycogen stores then you will be low on energy for the next couple of days. Another important part of post- exercise nutrition is to re hydrate. During exercise you can lose up to 2 kg of fluid, this fluid contains important electrolytes which help the body function properly, so it is important that you replace what is lost during sweat. So after a hard training session or competitions make sure you consume a meal high in CHO and protein and drink lots of fluid.
Posted in Improving Nutrition by Kiara Johnson.

================



======= Instance Index 6820 =========
Input Text: What is the opposite of little?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- least
- much
- bog
- lot of
- big

Target Text: big

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.933744
Retrieved Text: Do you little toddlers know what the opposite of happy is? That’s right kids! The opposite of happy is sad. Opposite words are those words which are very different from one another! Watch the video above little toddlers and find out the various types of opposite words!
Hi little kids! Do you little toddlers like playing with dolls? Well kids, Miss Polly is a little girl just like you little toddlers who loves to play with her doll. But today little kids, Miss Polly’s doll is not feeling well! The doctor has advised Polly’s doll to rest and to sleep! Miss Polly is feeling very sad and lonely as she has no one to play with today! Would you little toddlers watch the video above and give Miss Polly company till her doll starts feeling all better little kids?
Visit our website http://www.uspstudios.co/ for more children’s videos.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.504242
Retrieved Text: "Eric what's the opposite of front?"
"What's the opposite of sad?"
"Um... Little boy with a shirt on!"
Awesome. Awesome. Now everybody knows what the opposite of naked is.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 14.591235
Retrieved Text: Too many programs offer little substance. This is the exact opposite.
The Eureka Connect Seminar is one of the most useful, real world programs I have ever taken. The survey does a fantastic job in quickly identifying your own needs. Curtis takes it from there and relays the information in a usable way that focuses on what and how to improve areas of need. Too many programs offer little substance. This is the exact opposite. I would highly recommend this program and look forward to taking the survey again in the future and discussing the feedback with Curtis.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.196036
Retrieved Text: Two servo running simultaneously in opposite direction.
> Two servo running simultaneously in opposite direction.
I am a beginner in arduino programming. I tried to write a program to run two servo motors (Hobby motors - Vega robotics V3003) in opposite direction. That is one from 0-180deg and another from 180-0 degree.
The code which i wrote works well but the problem is both motors does not rotate simultaneously, only after the first servo moves from 0-180 the second servo moves from 180-0. I am using arduino mega board.
Re: Two servo running simultaneously in opposite direction.
Post the code, as described in "How to use this forum".
I hope you are not trying to power the servos from the Arduino.
A very simple example of getting servos to rotate in opposite directions.
// Powering a servo from the arduino usually *DOES NOT WORK*.
Not really, it gets around having to add some type of end of data delimiter for simple testing purposes. Also, the code I posted compiles, what happened to yours?
my way interworks with other code nicely in a way your's cannot. Yes it doesnt compile.
And what do you not understand in the statement "A very simple example of getting servos to rotate in opposite directions."? Work on getting yours to compile!
I know little knowledge of coding but swapping the wires on the motor and potentiometer (inside the servo) did it for me.
That is one from 0-180deg and another from 180-0 degree.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.076538
Retrieved Text: Learn how to do this easy bind to get you started in unresponsive yoyoing.
Easiest Bind Ever Yoyo TrickWhen you are getting into Unresponsive yoyoing, where the yoyo doesn’t come up automatically when you pull on the string, one of the most important techniques for you to learn is your bind. We made another video all about binding that teaches you all the different techniques and all the mechanics of how the bind works.
In this video, what we’re going to do, is I’m just going to show you what we call the Easiest Bind Ever. It’s not a bad bind to learn when you are getting started. You may want to progress from that into some of the binds we showed in the other video eventually, but this isn’t a bad place to start. I’m going to show you one on the front-mount, and one on the side-mount, and hopefully this will get you over the hurdle of binding right in the beginning.
What we already showed you in the other video, is if you are already on the front-mount you are just going to get off and get the yoyo on the string on the opposite side, and do your bind from there. This bind is very similar to that, except it takes out a couple of steps. All you are going to do is take your first finger from your opposite hand, and you are going to push into this string towards yourself. You are just going to hook the yoyo with the string on your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 13.522497
Retrieved Text: In the vast multicultural world of Hollywood, there does not exist a ‘Little Ireland.’ I live in Thai Town, Jason Nawara lives in Little Armenia, I have a bud that lives in Little Ethiopia — my laptop was stolen in Chinatown. However as far as a ‘Little Ireland’ — just doesn’t exist. I can’t even begin to imagine what would be unique to Little Ireland without being deemed a colossal racist. Perhaps it would be the exact opposite what people imagine Ireland to be. So, an entire area of Hollywood filled with uncharismatic and extraordinarily sober people that avoid fighting at all costs. Yeah, that’s it — Little Ireland.
Fortunately Conor McGregor doesn’t read MiddleEasy, otherwise he may take offense to that statement. Something tells me he’s too busy rocking strange tattoos on his chest. Check out this photo of McGregor’s new ink, and +100 to anyone that figures out what it actually is. Props to GONZO for the +100 news tip.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 13.514703
Retrieved Text: I came accross this add for an electric scooter for sale in Oregon,But I think the controller might be bad on it.Hey,For 150.00 bucks ,Surely someone in this forum would like to get their hands on this(I wish the location was closer to me because I certainly would'nt be writing this ).Good luck to whoever live's in this area that may be looking for such .
Bring back the true currency!
LOL,Man, You dont know how much it kills me to give this info away but this dang on scooter is on the opposite coast from me so,I cant get my grubby little hands on it .
lol... I'm on the opposite side of the atlantic!
haha... you can keep your scooter, I'm getting a quad bike!
£43!!!! Bargain! I'm going to work in style!
Damn. I want that scooter, but I don't have the money right now. And it's on the opposite coast from me too.
I wonder what the top speed is.
Last edited by Dingus; 11-23-2008 at 09:07 AM.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 13.488429
Retrieved Text: Some days I find myself thinking about the things I want, the things I do not have. From big to small and everything in-between - new medical bills paid, a new family-friendly vehicle, a new digital camera, a pumpkin spice latte, a new pair of jeans... the list varies somewhat, yet not too much, from day to day. And sometimes I think of these things just in passing and move on to the task at hand quickly, and sometimes I dwell. And compare. And complain. And covet.
But then I read this. And I also read a quote this morning that (paraphrasing here) said the opposite of poverty is not wealth. The opposite of poverty is having enough.
And I am reminded of the times I visited people literally living in the garbage dumps in Venezuela. And I remember watching my friend give a little girl a drink from her own water bottle in Nicaragua. And I remember the songs of the people in both countries. And I think of last night, hearing the testimonies of the ladies brought out of drug and alcoholism, and how they sang, too.
And my list seems silly now.
I had to chuckle at your list. Medical bills and pumpkin spice latte. Isn't that so like us? The wants/needs, from big to little, from little to big. I don't think you're silly, though, and I don't think God thinks so, either. I think He understands us, just where we are. And just wants us to rest in Him. And sometimes He even hands over

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.485871
Retrieved Text: Final Version FAQs > Basic System > What does "little and often" mean?
The Final Version favours working on longer tasks in a series of short sessions. This is a good way of overcoming procrastination, but it also produces better results because the brain has more chance to assimilate and make connections.
“Little and often” is the opposite of “doing it all in one huge session”. Think in terms of a music teacher instructing students to do a little practice every day, rather than saving it all up for one big session the day before the next lesson.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.379822
Retrieved Text: Nearly four years to the day after our friends helped us move into our new house, our friends in turn are moving to their new house – in another state. Technically, they will still be living in the “south”, but just barely. We will be living at opposite ends of “the south”, so this is of little consolation. O.K., I’ll admit it, I’m more than a little jealous too. There is much that we like about living in Florida, but summer is not one of them. What time of year is it now?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.361442
Retrieved Text: I do not suggest that any participating member of Parliament set out to deceive, or that no work was performed for any of them that could legitimately be claimed to be electorate officer work.
There we have the Ombudsman in her own words.
Secondly, the matter is the subject of a Privileges Committee process, which is currently ongoing, and that should be allowed to run its course. It should be allowed to run its course, as should the investigation being conducted by Victoria Police. For those opposite to suggest that we pre‑empt those investigations would be completely wrong.
Thirdly, and as Dr Carling‑Jenkins pointed out in her contribution earlier today, we heard diddly squat from those opposite — not one thing — when one of their own, the member for Ovens Valley, late last year and earlier this year was under investigation by the police himself, and he was a shadow minister. It was not until charges were laid that he then decided to step down. Yet what did we hear from those opposite about process? We heard nothing. We heard crickets. There was nothing on offer.
I have one final point, and I will finish on this note. When you come into this place and you cop a lecture from the likes of Mr Finn and Mr Ondarchie, a little bit of sick just comes into your mouth, doesn’t it? A little bit of sick just comes into your mouth, and you think, ‘Gee, if all we can hear is a lecture from those two grubs about honour and

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.322231
Retrieved Text: The area of sea ice on Earth is higher now than it was on this date 35 years ago. This is the exact opposite of what 97% of climate experts predicted. It is also the exact opposite of what 97% of climate experts report is happening.
The area of the US covered by drought is down 80% from the same date 80 years ago. This is the exact opposite of what experts predicted, and also the exact opposite of what experts say is happening.
Climate experts tell us that the US is experiencing a near unprecedented drought, when in fact it is the exact opposite. US drought coverage is near historic lows.
Is it true that we are in the worst drought in California history? Let’s look at the facts for the last 120 years (1895 to present).
As shown in this chart from the Western Regional Climate Center website (http://www.wrcc.dri.edu) — this is not even the 2nd driest water year for California in the last 120 years.
The driest year was 1924 (9.23 inches, or 40% of normal). The current water year (October 2013 through September 2014) ranks as the 3rd driest in the last 120 years (at 52% of normal).
As for the claim that this is the worst multi-year drought in California history – look at the period of 1910-40 on the WRCC chart. Wow… that was really a dry 30 year period.
Skeptics have done a reasonable job of explaining what and how the IPCC created bad climate science. Now, as more people understand what the skeptics are saying,

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.145056
Retrieved Text: Hexagonal design allows for you to view your fish from any angle.
This is the measurement from the center of one panel to the center of the opposite panel.
This is the measurement from one corner to the opposite corner.
Quite an improvement replacing a 40 years old glass hex aquarium.Pleased with the quality of the product and attention that went into shipping and handling. Ample cutouts at top for accessories. Nice that an optional black or sapphire blue background is available. Ordered on Feb.11 and received Feb. 22.There was a discrepancy with a charge of a weight fee and customer service was able to rectify promptly.I would order Clear for Life aquariums from this site again.
picture of described item is not a hexagon. its a rectangle.
Great deal for X-mas gift!
Is this tank 40" in height?
BEST ANSWER: Does this tank have a lid/hood and if so what about led lights and what colors.
What bulb does the light hood use?
BEST ANSWER: The light hood is just an empty plastic/acrylic box. You have to purchase and install the lights yourself. I purchased one of these tanks and used the TrueLumen LED light set. They come in a variety of color and color blends, are low wattage and produce very little to no heat. They also have an optional dimmer and can be operated on a timer.
The light hood is an empty acrylic box with no fixture/socket. I picked up a Utilitech 13" Plug-in Under Cabinet LED Light Bar from Lowes. Drilled existing hole a little larger for plug and installed lite

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.136456
Retrieved Text: straight diva status right here!! love this!
@Anonymous - THANK You! It's like the completely polar opposite of the "real" me - but trying on other personas for a little while, is a big part of what makes me love self-portraiture so much!
@Patrick - It's always exciting to me, when an opportunity to shoot someplace completely new, and different - presents itself!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.123699
Retrieved Text: A former gift shop in Preston city centre is to become a barbers.
What used to be Life’s Little Larks in Glover’s Court is to be converted into an upmarket men’s hairdressers.
A five year lease has been signed between The Northern Barber Company and landlord Brittanic Holdings Limited.
The shop is opposite Waterstones and just off Fishergate.
No opening date has been set for the new barbers.
Life’s Little Larks closed in late December but its owners Helena and Elaine Clarkson said high rates had forced them to quit the city.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.075094
Retrieved Text: The way to an adventurous, passionate, fulfilling, happy existence is the EXACT opposite of what we've been led to believe.
What I share in this little book is not some vague promise of happiness. This isn’t a program to help you achieve more (although SO much more will effortlessly appear before you). If you want to transform a life of fear and exhaustion into a grand experiment of love, trust and joy, and know the golden wisdom behind playful smiles, open hearts, and free spirits, purchase my ebook, Unstoppable Woman for $9.99 on Amazon!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.051087
Retrieved Text: As a primary form of communication, texting is a little lazy. I know what you're thinking: It's fast and efficient, the opposite of lazy. But women want a sense of how you're feeling at any given moment instead of trying to squeeze a drop of emotion from a few letters and numbers. We want intimacy. And texting makes it seem as if intimacy is something you might be trying to avoid.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.046929
Retrieved Text: Mark Cortale proudly presents the Provincetown debut of SIERRA BOGGESS WITH SETH RUDETSKY for Broadway @ The Art House.
SIERRA BOGGESS was last seen on Broadway in the Tony nominated musical School Of Rock. Other Broadway credits include It Shoulda Been You directed by David Hyde Pierce, two separate engagements of the Broadway production of The Phantom of the Opera (the first for the shows 25th Anniversary and the second opposite Norm Lewis), the revival of Master Class (opposite Tyne Daly) and The Little Mermaid (Drama Desk and Drama League nominations, Broadway.com Audience Choice Award).
London theatre credits include Les Misérables, the 25th-anniversary concerts of The Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall and Love Never Dies (Olivier Award nomination).
Other New York theater credits include the the Manhattan Concert Productions The Secret Garden at the Lincoln Center opposite Ben Platt, Cheyenne Jackson, and Ramin Karimloo; the one-night-only concert of Guys & Dolls at Carnegie Hall opposite Nathan Lane, Patrick Wilson and Megan Mullally; the final Off-Broadway cast of Love, Loss, and What I Wore; and Music in the Air for City Centers Encores! series. She also starred as Christine Daae in the Las Vegas production of The Phantom of the Opera. Regionally, she has been seen in Princesses (world premiere, Goodspeed Opera House and Seattles 5th Avenue Theatre), and the national tour of Les Misérables.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 12.970738
Retrieved Text: When I was little I loved dressing up as Ariel and pretend to be a mermaid.
Carebear – my mom handmade the costume and it is just waiting in the wings for little Audrey to wear. Second generation! :) Ps….Can Isla be any cuter in these pictures. Seriously what a sweetpea!
I loved to dress up as a princess fairy – ALL DAY EVERY DAY!
And I follow Really Risa on Instagram!
The peacock is to die for!
I loved dressing up as a teacher and playing teacher!
I used to dress up as my great-grandfather, and I used to dress up my younger brother as my great-grandmother. I wish so much that I had pictures. And don’t even get me started on Halloween….
My favorite costume growing up was to deck out as a clown. None of my kids want to ever be clowns. They think they are creepy.
I was a crayon one year and loved it.
Princess Leah and my brother was Luke skywalker.
I am following Risa and Opposite of Far on IG! My favorite costume growing up was Pippi Longstocking, homemade for Halloween by my dad! Wire hangers in my hair and all!
I loved my devil costume when I was younger.
I follow reallyrisa on Instagram.
I follow opposite of far on Instagram.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 12.938826
Retrieved Text: Join Karin Hutchinson for an in-depth discussion in this video Solving addition equations by adding a negative number, part of Learning Algebra: Solving Equations.
In this next lesson we're going to continue Solving Addition Equations. And this time we're going to focus on Adding a Negative Number. We're going to continue using the same four steps that we talked about in the last video. So in case you forgot to jot them down, here they are, make sure you jot them down so that you can refer to them as we go through this process again. So our next equation is going to be to Solve for y and this equation is y plus negative 12 equals 15.
We're going to start by isolating our variable y on the left hand side of the equation. That means that we need to get rid of this plus negative 12. Which can be a little confusing because of all the signs, but I'm going to show you a trick that will help you solve these equations. We're going to start by bringing down the left hand side exactly as it's written, so it's y plus negative 12. This is another trick that you can do to help you remember that whatever you do to one side, you must do to the other.
And that is, we know that we need to add or subtract something to get rid of the plus negative 12, so I'm going to draw a line. And then I'm going to put equals 15, and I'm going

########
Rank: 20
Score: 12.921858
Retrieved Text: Learn how to do Flips with the yoyo.
Flips Yoyo TrickThis trick is called Flips and it looks like this. Flips, they are really the opposite of a loop, and just like looping is easiest to do with a thinner yoyo, flips are a lot easier to do with a wider yoyo which is why I am using the Luminator. Just like looping, which is just one motion continually repeated over and over again, flips are different in that it is two different motions, and they are going to be opposite to each other. So, you are going to do one flip up and then down. Or if you are doing it down towards the ground it is going to be forward and then backward. That is what makes the flip different than the loop.
As you are learning your flips there is a very easy way to tell whether you are supposed to do a forward flip or a reverse flip, so I will show you that right now. Whenever the yoyo winds back up the string, the string is either going to be towards the front of the yoyo or towards the back of the yoyo. Your flip is always going to go in the opposite direction as the string… as the string is winding up the yoyo. If the string is coming up on the front side of the yoyo then your flip is going to come towards the back. The same thing is true if the string is coming up the backside of the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 12.921068
Retrieved Text: Tara has me on her knee at the Little Paradise Inn, and was it ever a paradise! We were north of Queensland, an international resort town that caters to skiiers and adventure seekers. And guess what, it's their summertime and our wintertime-----the seasons are opposite on either side of the equator.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 12.86652
Retrieved Text: I have been promising the boys all week we would find some real mistletoe to hang by the door. My boys are big on kisses so any excuse for some more goes down well! Little Christmas Tree road side shops have popped up all over the place and we met the sweetest farmer at the one opposite the CourtHouse.
I made a little quiz book from luggage tags and we asked the farmer lots of questions, including where does it grow, what does it smell like, what colour is it and what is it for!
Big boy came out with some classics! Apparently mistletoe smells like bananas! The farmer explained that it grows on trees, often on apple trees and that children have to be very careful as the berries are poisonous. We filled the passenger foot well of the car with a huge bunch for £2 and will hang it in the porch for all our Christmas visitors!

########
Rank: 23
Score: 12.834848
Retrieved Text: Well, we now have a little better idea of what you all experienced. We would love to go sometime but I think you would have to knock me out for the trip there and back. Can’t wait for more of your adventures.
I think we experienced the opposite while on board various trains during 3 wks in S. Europe. Then again, I was too cheap to buy seats in sleeper carts.
What exactly is the name of the “SALAD BAR”? Sounds like a must-do in a meat-infested town.
Have fun while in Krakow. Hope to hear about your experience!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 12.83314
Retrieved Text: I have been scouring the internet for many years learning about the differences in military drill around the world. One thing that isn’t different is the interest that many young men and women enjoy in the hours of work it takes to present a superior drill team (called an “honor guard” in Asia) performance and in some cases, age does not matter.
This little boy, Ryan, in the picture at right, lives in Taiwan. This picture is from 2011 when he was just three-years old.
He loves honor guard in Taiwan, so the Taiwan military has allowed him to perform with their drill teams for several years now. This video is from 2012.
Ryan even changes uniforms! A video from 2015.
One question that I posed was, why does Ryan do everything in the opposite (opposite shoulder, Port to the right) from the members of the drill team? The answer I received was that he learns by watching and mirrors what he sees. I don’t think it will be that difficult to have Ryan switch when the time comes- who knows, he may very well be Taiwan’s greatest exhibition Driller in the coming years.
Click here to see Ryan’s Facebook page.
If I remember correctly, this little boy back in the early 2000s, loved what his uncle did at an Air Force Base in Southern California so his mother made him a tiny Air Force Honor Guard ceremonial uniform.
Just like children taking an interest in music or other arts, this is a positive influence on these very young men. If you would

########
Rank: 25
Score: 12.827283
Retrieved Text: “I saw Karley at Temptations for the first time a few days ago, and I’m very glad I did. One of the best main event experiences I’ve had in a very long time. She is a tall thin spinner and her pictures are accurate. She’s got an engaging pair of eye’s that make contact frequently, and she’s not afraid to take control and lead. All the usual descriptive initial-isms are a go, in particular she’s not afraid of a little DFK. Actually, more the opposite…. she revels in it, which helped make my night. What little direction I had to give was well received, such as a couple seconds now and again to catch my breath.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 12.824779
Retrieved Text: 1 The key skill of little river trading company is the ability to hear others.
3 Strategy and little river trading company.
The key skill of little river trading company is the ability to hear others.
The most important thing in the little river trading company is the ability to hear your opponent or opponents. It does not matter if your opponent sits at a table opposite or thousands of kilometers away on the other side of the computer. If you own this skill, then know that you will definitely succeed in little river trading company.
Strategy and little river trading company.
The question – how do we act when trading? – meets the trading strategy. There are an infinite number of trading strategies. Here are some of them: averaging strategy, earnings on falling prices, distribution strategy and many others. The names of the strategies already speak for themselves, but for a deep understanding of each strategy it is required to study it. In little river trading company, all of these strategies can also be applied.
Only an experienced person can show over the results in the little river trading company. You already know what you should be skilled in.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 12.815293
Retrieved Text: I would love a discovery which confuses the bejeezus out off all of us.
How about an "Opposite Word" dictionary?
Every word that one writes means exactly the opposite of what is being written.
Then there could be a Morse Code Dictionary.
If you really wanted confusion, start by combining an opposite, mixed language derivative like Spanglish , Frenglish or Germlish but do it in braille.
Sure, but there's no incentive to solve that type of problem, unless it's a competition with friends.
.-- .... .- - .- .--. . .-. - . -.. . - .. -- .
A french guy from the 1890's agrees with me! I win!
So I take it I sound like a confusing French speaking old fashion idiot? Explain. What is wrong with this thread. Maybe I'll learn something. As far as I know: I did state a question in OP, and all the ones I listed are valuable goal nuggets in the AI field. So I'm a little, confused to say the least.
You asked a question-> I gave an answer->art expanded on my answer, putting a humorous put a spin on it-> I told Art I meant a deeper mystery, puzzles are mostly fun for friendly competition-> Korr posted a puzzle consisting of Morse code (used a lot in the 1890's) which translates into French, and means, "He's got a point" -> I was all happy from solving the code.
The gold rimmed pot that we sniff so much that she needs training neural networks friends use her to the max.
One thing, to the next!
The sequence of your

########
Rank: 28
Score: 12.789042
Retrieved Text: Learn an easy trick to help you solve trigonometry problems, including problems with sine, cosine and inverse trig functions. At the end of this lesson, you'll know what SohCahToa means and how to use it.
Let's review some trigonometry. Let's say we have a unit circle - that is, a circle with a radius of 1 - and we're going to draw a point from the origin to the outside of the circle, some point x,y. The angle made between that line (between the origin and x,y) and the x-axis I'll call theta. What we're doing is basically taking a slice of pie out of our unit circle. Let's focus on that piece we just cut out. In particular, let's focus on the triangle made up of the radius 1, the x coordinate (which is one of the legs of this triangle) and the y coordinate (the other leg of this triangle). That makes a right triangle. By the Pythagorean Theorem I can then say that x^2 + y^2 = 1 - that the sum of the square of both sides equals the square of the hypotenuse.
Let's take another look at this right triangle, and let's define the edges. First I've got theta. Now theta is defined as the angle between our hypotenuse (which I'm going to call h) and this leg here (which I'm going to call a). That's because it's adjacent - next to - the angle. The other leg I'm going to call o; it's opposite the angle that I'm interested in. My triangle

########
Rank: 29
Score: 12.758215
Retrieved Text: For starters, I must have been watching a different channel Tuesday night, because I certainly didn’t see a rhetorical tour de force. Though well-constructed as prose, the text of Daniels’ speech fell short as argument because it was high on generalities and platitudes, but decidedly lacking in clear specifics about either Obama’s abysmal presidency or the content of his address. Daniels’ assertion that America’s challenges “aren’t matters of ideology” but “simply mathematical” problems with “purely practical” answers is the polar opposite of reality.
And if the content was lacking, the delivery was worse — Daniels’ dry, monotone presentation came across as a lack of passion that undermined what little force his words held. If someone really believes 2012 is “maybe our last” chance to save the country, you’d expect him to get a little emotional about it. Do these people really not understand that people flocked to Gingrich because he channels not just disagreement, but righteous indignation at what Obama is doing to their country?

================



======= Instance Index 3995 =========
Input Text: How does a president come to be?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- board room
- election
- government
- trouble
- self-appointed

Target Text: election

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 15.973607
Retrieved Text: The committee pays for everything surrounding the swearing-in For President Obama's first inauguration in , his committee raised a. Stand-ins for President-elect Donald J. Trump and his wife, Melania, during an inauguration dress rehearsal on Sunday in Washington. Private donations account for a small percentage. Taxes pay the rest. How much does an inauguration cost? And who pays for what?.
In , the inauguration festivities welcoming Bill Clinton as president could have doubled as a Rock 'N Roll Hall of Fame celebration, with. President Donald Trump's inaugural committee raised a record $ million “ Pay-to-play politics – in which government contractors make. The first inauguration of Barack Obama as the 44th President of the United States took place on Obama and others paid homage to Lincoln in the form of tributes and references during several of the events, starting with a commemorative.
Donald Trump's inauguration will be bigger than President Obama's in are miserable; here's why investors need to pay attention · What Is an. Donald Trump inauguration: How much does Presidential inauguration cost? And who pays for it? Updated January 19, at AM. Presidential Inaugural Committee chairman said details to come in the fall But private donations pay for all the other celebrations, from glitzy. After final expenses are paid, Barrack said, remaining funds will go to "Mrs. Trump had no involvement with the [presidential inauguration.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.818679
Retrieved Text: What are we to do with the bully in the ultimate bully pulpit?
How did the president become the person who now insults and degrades everyone who does not idolize him? Where does this need to be revered come from? And most important, what is the correct response to this type of bullying?
Dr. Gail Gross looks at what makes a child become a bully.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.563056
Retrieved Text: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has issued a warning towards President Trump regarding the possibility of the latter declaring a national emergency in order to build the wall at the Southern border, according to Townhall.
The Senate Majority Leader reportedly believes that the idea of President Trump declaring a national emergency to build his promised wall is dangerous. McConnell cited concerns that Congress could push back on Trump’s declaration by putting forth a resolution which would shut down the aforementioned declaration. In turn, this Congressional act could leave the president with no other option than to veto his own declaration. In turn, McConnell maintains that this chain of events could place Trump in a tough position with the Republican Party.
At this point in time, there is no way to predict how Congress would react to President Trump declaring a national emergency to take care of the crisis at the Southern border. However, Democrats continue to affirm their unwillingness to work and compromise with the president in order to build the physical barrier at the border. Pelosi, Schumer, and other Democratic leaders don’t seem to care that illegal immigration has real-life, devastating consequences for lawful Americans.
If Trump does wind up declaring a national emergency, it will come after months of him trying to work with the Democrats and get the wall built via negotiations. At this point, Democrats have all but flat-out stated that their aversion to the wall is merely due to their fear of President Trump achieving such a major win.
The truth of the matter is

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.508415
Retrieved Text: I’m sure by now everyone is aware that President Barack Obama ate dog as a child in Indonesia. And I’m sure everyone is aware that this blog has so far been scandalously short of off-colour humour. Be warned: if you like dogs, or you like President Obama, you may find this post not to your taste. Me, I’m neither for, or against, President Obama & I love dogs; but I love comedy more.
So, here are the best of the jokes I’ve been able to cull so far. Feel free to chime in if you come across any quality ones.
Why does Obama love small dogs? Because he’s on a diet.
How does Barack Obama season his meals? With a pinscher this, a pinscher that.
Staff expenses at the White House have increased lately, they keep replacing the dinner setter.
Who is the President’s favourite classical composer? Bach.
Barack Obama was excited, but ultimately disappointed, when he heard that Malia & Sasha invited a young lassie from their school for dinner.
The White House diningware is so clean, its up to lab standards.
Pound for pound, Obama is the best fed President.
Out of Rover, and ate him that night.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.424788
Retrieved Text: Conservative pundit Dennis Prager is ready to come clean, and he wants you to hear his mea culpa.
On his popular radio show this past week, Prager finally admitted that he was wrong about President Trump.
Prager was never a #NeverTrumper, he was willing to vote for Trump when he faced down Hillary Clinton, but he wasn’t willing to support him while other Republicans were still in the race. His reasons? He didn’t believe that Trump would lead as a conservative, he worried about the thing many offensive things that Trump said during the campaign, and he was worried that Trump was not a man of character.
However, after a wonderful (policy-wise) 2017, Prager has finally come to terms with what he sees as reality… Donald Trump was a “great” President in 2017.
The Heritage Foundation has just come out with a statement, a report, that he is more conservative than Ronald Reagan in the way he has conducted the first year of his presidency, which is accurate, something I have said on many occasions.
He has turned out to be a great president with big communication flaws, in the way he tweets and some of the things he says and his temperament. It is fine, that is the way he is.
My temperament is the opposite. I love dignity. I love understatement. Okay, so be it. So what? I’m not sure I’d be as good a president as he. How do you like that? That’s how good he’s been.
The fact that he doesn’t give a damn.
For Prager, the President’s actions are

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.381112
Retrieved Text: Yes, liberal talk of dumping Trump is premature, but we’re in deep and brackish waters now.
We don’t know yet how Trumpgate will shake out, but one outcome is coming into view: a constitutional crisis. Sooner or later, we’re likely to have one.The contours of constitutional crises vary from country to country, though all feature a breakdown of the normal functioning of government. In the American system, they usually involve circumstances that were not anticipated by the framers or fights over the Constitution’s separation and delegation of powers.The trouble has come over issues like states rights (part of what led to the Civil War), presidential succession (In 1841, John Tyler was the first vice-president to take over after the death of the president and Congress wanted him to be “Acting President”), and disputed presidential elections, especially the one held in 1876between Samuel J. Tilden and Rutherford B. Hayes.
The best analogy to today’s madness is also the most recent—Watergate. In 1973, in what became known as the “Saturday Night Massacre,” President Nixon fired Attorney General Elliott Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William D. Ruckelshaus when they wouldn’t fire Archibald Cox, the Watergate special prosecutor.
The questions raised so far by Trumpgate are similar: How much power does the president have over the executive branch? Is it obstruction of justice if the president does it? Can the president be indicted?
All of the other arguments from Trump apologists have also collapsed. According to former prosecutors, Trump’s use of “I hope” instead of “I order you” to stop the Flynn probe won’t

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.161568
Retrieved Text: If you work for eight hours, you probably take a break after four hours of work. If you were to run for an hour, the best time to grab some water would probably be a half hour into your run. Yet for some reason, in the world of baseball, it’s become logical to give everyone a break 7 innings into the game, when there are only two inning left to go. Is this really the optimal time for everyone to stretch their legs, grab another beer, and let the players catch their breath? Why is the seventh inning stretch a baseball tradition, and why does it come in the seventh inning, anyway?
You’d think that a sport that loves stories and legacies as much as baseball does would have a pretty great origin story for one of its most beloved traditions. Surprisingly enough, there’s no official, unanimously-believed story for how the seventh inning stretch came to be.
One story involves America’s heaviest president, President William Howard Taft. If it were true, it would actually be the second baseball tradition he began, the first being the throwing of the first pitch by a POTUS. The story of President Taft and the seventh-inning stretch is slightly less majestic: legend has it that the big-boned president found himself uncomfortable sitting in a small chair for extended periods and rose to stretch out while the teams switched positions in the seventh inning. And, since he was the president, the rest of the audience followed suit out of deference.
Another story dates back even

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.00498
Retrieved Text: Words like 'first', 'second', and 'third' – numerals which denote a place in a sequence.
'grade four' or 'fourth grade' — which is grammatical and formal?
I just came across the following sentence; How many grade four kanji have you memorised? Is that formal? Should there better be a hyphen like 'grade-four'?
“The first, it is” or “First, it is”?
In the following sentence, Does the "the" article come before the "first" word? I have two reasons for my claim. The first, it is . . .
A question about using definite article with ordinal numbers: “content with third place” or “content with the third place”?
How to write about ordered things?
Should I use an apostrophe in ordinals?
John Smith was born in Netherlands, on the 21'st of May 1981. Is this sentence grammatically correct?
What does “every fourth person” mean?
What does this mean? "every fourth person is fat."
How to ask the position(?) of a president (like 10th) of a country, correctly?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.922052
Retrieved Text: Who is the head of the Executive Department?
What are the 8 roles/responsibilities of the President?
What does being the Chief of State mean?
Being the Chief Executive means what?
What does it mean to be the Chief Admin.?
Being the Chief Diplomat means what?
What does being the Chief Legislator mean?
What does it mean to be the Commander in Chief?
What does it mean to be the Chief of Party?
What does being the Chief Citizen mean?
What happens if the president does in office?
What happens if the VP dies in office after the president?
What are the qualifications for president?
How long is a Presidential term?
Who is the only person to be elected 4 times?
What did the 22nd amendment do regarding the presidential terms?
How can the president have served 10 years?
If he was VP, and the president died in office- he finished the presidential term and then ran for office himself.
What are the benefits of being president?
What are the Vice President's responsibilities?
What happens in the Primary Elections?
What happens at the national convention?
What happens in the General Election?
What happens in the Electoral College?
What does the 12th amendment say, regarding the Electoral College?
What determines the number of electors in the states?
What must you have in order to win the Presidential Candidate?
What happens if no one gets the majority vote?
What are the President's executive powers?
The powers to execute laws means what?
What is the Ordinance Power?
What does the Ordinance Power have in regards to the laws?
What does having Appointing Power mean?
What can the president do with Removal Power?
What can the president NOT do with Removal Powers?
What are the president's

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.846469
Retrieved Text: The first presidential debate of 2016 took place on Tuesday September 27th. Looking back on this debate played, we see how it played an important role in determining who could be the next president of the United States. The United States presidential election is scheduled to take place on November 8, 2016, and the entire world focused on what happened at the first debate.
The presidential debate c overed controversial points such as Clinton’s email scandal and how Trump seemingly did not pay his federal taxes, and his false claim of President Obama not being a natural-born citizen. Trump’s ideas on how Clinton does not have the ‘presidential look’ and the ‘stamina’ to be president also took over the internet.This debate grabbed the attention of people all over the world, especially over social media such as twitter.
To get a local insight into this debate, opinions on the presidential debate and the candidates have been asked to YIS students. “When Donald Trump came to Utah, he said ‘I love Mormons, I’m practically Mormon’ which was really surprising, but in the end I’m not very interested in who becomes president since I’m going to be living in Japan”, says Grade 11, Spencer.
“I thought that Donald Trump could have been smart in his phrasing and his use of the word ‘lies’. While I don’t particularly support Hillary Clinton, she proved to be excellent at handling disagreements. Not only that, but Donald Trump essentially destroyed his connection with the 79 percent of the people who support paying taxes. In the event

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.8294735
Retrieved Text: The prominent candidates outside the main Republican/Socialist party system; Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen, indicates that the French political system could be heading for a rough and uncertain ride.
Now this are some reasons on how it all works – or how it may not.
The French get to run two elections?
Someone might ask, but how come? Yes, France has a hybrid system – a president and then followed by a parliament, which constitutes of the National Assembly (as the lower house) and the Senate (as the upper house).
Only the president of the country and the Assembly are elected by public vote. This happens every five years. These elections are done separately, the first election is for the President and the second election is for the 577 members of the National Assembly. There’s around a month in between the two elections.
France go for their polls on; 23 April, 7 May, 11 June and 18 June. This shows that France will vote four times in two elections to select the president and the parliament (National Assembly).
Voters go to the polls and pick their favourite candidate, votes are counted, if no one gets 50% then the top two candidates go through to the next round a week later and the one who gets the most votes wins.
So presidential round one and two is on 23 April and 7 May respectively; National Assembly round one and two is on 11 June and 18 June respectively.
Main French election presidential candidates?
Three candidates have a realistic and equal opportunities of winning – but

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.70399
Retrieved Text: The Presiding Bishop of Divine Seed of God Chapel Ministries, Prophet Wale Olagunju is known for his predictions.
The man of God in the heat of former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s romance with President Muhammadu Buhari had predicted that a serious fight would break out between the two leaders, a forecast that failed to come to fulfillment until recently.
It would be recalled that a national newspaper criticized your prediction of January 1, 2017 that there was going to be a serious fight between incumbent President Muhammadu Buhari and former President Olusegun Obasanjo as a failed prophecy. Now with the turn of event, how do you react to the write up?
Well, I have written a letter to the editor and they are yet to reply. When you look at the prophecy in question, I did not indicate a date. When you talk about prophecy, it can come to fulfillment anytime and that is why we are witnessing what we are witnessing today.
The writer wrote that Obasanjo did not write any acerbic letter, not quite long after, the ex-President wrote an acerbic letter and here we are today the incumbent is probing Obasanjo’s power project, so there is serious fight now between the duo. That is a public affirmation of the prophecy.
For me, I have filed my case in the court of the Almighty God who rules and judges the affairs of men. How can someone criticize and condemn the words of the Almighty on which He places more honour than even His name.
They have committed a serious sin against

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.688464
Retrieved Text: The DACA date has come...now what?
Then how are the illegal alien spouses/parents of US citizens still being correctly deported?
So... only visa overstayers who have applied for adjustment are eligible to remain in the US, but illegal aliens who crossed the border any other way are not.
The President does not have the Authority to sign a "deal" that is not Legislation into LAW.
A Federal District Judge does not have the Authority to order a President to honor a former President's Executive MEMO as though it were LAW. That is going to be Supreme Court 101.
The Legislature created those District Courts .... it's past time to remove the District Court Judges and threaten to do the same for the Political District Courts that attempt to create LAW and Legislation that is not Constitutional. Executive Orders and Memos are NOT LAW and a Judge can't make them LAW.
"Make an EO" instead of following the Constitution and US Law???
Why would he do that? If the American people had wanted another President that ignored the US Constitution, ignored the LAWs that are on the books ....... they would have selected Hillary Clinton instead of a Law and Order President that understands that Congress makes Laws and that Executive Memo's are NOT LAW.
I refer back to Government 101. This is not Rocket Science, I learned this stuff in Grade School.
Public Schools and Universities seriously need to go back to teaching Basic Civics.
The liberal left has created this and OWN it !

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.682603
Retrieved Text: The GOP presidential candidate is an avid amateur birdwatcher.
For George Pataki, being in nature is for the birds -- literally.
When the former governor of New York isn’t on the campaign trail running for president, he enjoys spending time on a very different kind of trail: Pataki is an amateur birdwatcher.
Pataki told ABC News more about his passion for the pastime and checked in about his campaign on his inaugural visit to Theodore Roosevelt Island in Washington, D.C.
What influence did President Roosevelt have on Pataki?
Pataki explained the personal impact of the fellow New York governor’s legacy.
How does Pataki call for birds?
“At the risk of appearing to be a complete nerd, which sadly sometimes I am ... what you do to attract a bird is you make sounds, because they're curious,” said Pataki, who then went on to make a “pssst” sound. “Birds will hear that and they'll actually come to see what's attracting the sound."
Was the calling technique successful?
Not this time around. “I think I attracted a 707,” Pataki joked as a plane flew overhead. "I’ve been spending too much time on the campaign trail,” he jokingly lamented after another failed attempt.
How does Pataki’s hobby fit with his political philosophy on the environment?
ABC's News' Tom Thornton, Kirk Reid, Jasmine Spencer, Gary Rosenberg and Barry Schlegel contributed to this report.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.5754795
Retrieved Text: Right off the bat, I’ll say that I have never been a fan of Donald Trump. I never watched his TV show, I never stayed at his hotels. What’s more, I never took anything he said seriously after his relentless efforts to prove that President Barack Obama was born in Kenya. He wasn’t.
It’s not Trump’s politics. I can handle political ideologies from all over the map, no matter how dastardly they appear. I believe a mixture of political leanings is essential to a healthy democracy.
No, what I truly loathe about our president is the way he plays the victim, whines and continually lies and badmouths our great nation.
Whether he’s telling 45,000 impressionable Boy Scouts that their government is a “cesspool” or “sewer” and egging them on to boo former President Obama, or telling Golf Magazine that the White House is a “dump,” this is by far the most self-victimized, loathsome person to sit in the Oval Office.
The whining needs to stop. So does the lying. The public trust in our government should not be eroded by one man with a score to settle. We are facing some difficult times ahead. We need a president who we can trust. Trump isn’t that man.
For someone who professes such love for the United States, President Trump sure spends a lot of time and energy attacking the very institutions that make America great in the first place.
Here are some words of advice for our president: Stop tweeting vitriol. Stop disparaging women. Stop demanding unflagging loyalty from your staff — demand

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.572905
Retrieved Text: (CNN) -- In his first term, President Barack Obama signed 654 bills into law, the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased by about 70% and the national debt by $5.8 trillion.
And in 10 years -- maybe less -- few outside of the Beltway will remember any of that. That's not to suggest those details are not important. But even if all of his actions are forgotten, Obama's legacy as the first black president will endure.
And even though this is his second term and fewer people are expected to travel to Washington this time to witness the inauguration, know that this moment is not any less important.
For had Obama not been re-elected, his barrier-breaking election in 2008 could have easily been characterized as a charismatic politician capturing lightning in a bottle. But by becoming the first president since Dwight Eisenhower to win at least 51% of the vote twice, Obama proved his administration was successful.
And not by chance, but by change.
A change, to paraphrase Martin Luther King Jr., that was not inevitable but a result of our collective and continuous struggle to be that shining city on a hill of which President Ronald Reagan spoke so often.
For much of this country's history, being a white male was a legal prerequisite to being president. Then it was accepted as a cultural norm. Because of that, we could not be the country we set out to be.
But today, somewhere in the Midwest, there is a little Asian-American girl with the crazy idea she could be president one day, and because

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.535005
Retrieved Text: On the 35th day of the longest government shutdown in USA history, President Donald Trump came to his senses. Or he’s come up with another strategy to get federal funding for his Border Wall.
February is here. What will happen if President Trump does not get his way again? Another wall brawl?
Another Trumpian threat: “If we don’t get a fair deal from Congress,” Trump said, “the government will either shut down on February 15 again or I will use the powers afforded to me under the laws and the Constitution of the United States to address this emergency.” Is he planning a cabal over the wall?
And why is one human being, a politician with power, so obsessed over a wall? During elections, candidates make campaign promises they know they can’t keep. It’s hype and hyperbole. It’s publicity and propaganda. It’s styling and profiling.
“The wall is a metaphor. But it’s a metaphor for racism, nationalism and white supremacy. The wall Trump desires isn’t made of concrete or steel,” surmised a 2019 article in the Sacramento Bee.
What are a president’s emergency powers? Is money for a wall considered an emergency? Would this be considered an abuse of power?
“In the mid-1970s, Congress passed a law designed to provide some check on the president’s power while also preserving flexibility to act in an emergency,” according to a 2019 article on the NPR website.
Hmmm. Did Congress foresee a rogue leader? How can the National Emergencies Act of 1976 be used for an unwise presidential decision? Can a president declare an “immigration emergency”

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.526973
Retrieved Text: NEW YORK – Chile’s President Sebastián Piñera, in his speech at the General Assembly of the United Nations, has said his government is willing to help Venezuelans and all citizens who wish to enter their country, as long as they respect the laws.
“We want to welcome all those who come to Chile to start a new life, and respect our laws. But also and with the same strength and conviction we want to put our house in order and stop the entry of those who do it illegally, those who do not respect our laws or who come to commit crimes, “said the president in New York.
He assured that Venezuela is governed by a regime that has silenced the voice of its citizens. In his opinion, the government of President Nicolás Maduro does not respect the principles of freedom, nor human rights.
“Venezuela is governed by a regime that does not respect any of its principles or freedom, nor democracy nor human rights and is a society ravaged by a moral, political, economic, social and humanitarian crisis,” said Piñera.
He stressed that the crisis in the country is the cause of the government by not opening the doors to humanitarian aid that several countries want to offer, including Chile.
“Many are literally losing their lives for lack of food and medicine and President Maduro denying this situation does not open the doors to the humanitarian aid that many countries are willing to give,” said the Chilean president.
He assured that Chile will continue to help the country through whatever is

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.506286
Retrieved Text: PhoulBallz.com: President Obama & the White Sox- Scandal?
Those who publicly claim firm allegiance to a sports team should at least know something about their organization's history, shouldn't they? Bits of information like a favorite player from the past or the name of the team's old home should be common knowledge, right? Not for the sharp politician this land calls its president. On Monday, following his questionable ceremonial first pitch toss on Opening Day, President Barack Obama visited with the Washington Nationals broadcasters during the live TV broadcast. When asked to name his favorite White Sox player from years past, by analyst Rob Dibble, the Prez couldn't quite come up with an answer.
In the above video, you can hear the president stammer, while trying to think of a White Sox player name to throw out and, instead, he spoke about how he liked some Cubs players too, and mentioned how he was a fan of the Oakland Athletics as a child in Hawaii. Obama went on to add that he resided near old Cominskey Park. That baseball venue might be more commonly known to sporting fans as Comiskey Park.
Flashing back to last year, Bob Costas interviewed President Obama for MLB Network, during which the president referred to the same stadium as Cominskey Field. He's obviously been brushing up on his White Sox trivia, as he now at least gets the Park portion correct.
It's not often anyone will see President Obama struggle for an answer or seem caught off guard by a question. It's a shame that his

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.49276
Retrieved Text: Some of the most significant events in life happen outside any clever planning on our parts. This is ever so true in this new chapter of The A Group. Today, Pete Wilson, author, speaker and former pastor of Cross Point Church in Nashville, TN is joining our team as our new President. Here’s how it happened.
Yesterday was a big day for me. Our entire team celebrated 10 years in business and moving into our new offices. There were a lot of details to come together since the save-the-date email was sent prior to even moving in. I’m so proud of my entire team, specially TAG’s President, Shannon Litton, for making it all come together seamlessly. The food, flowers, gifts, and many details all turned out the way we envisioned. I’m so proud of my entire team for pitching in and making this happen. Here are some of the pictures: To see more pictures of our open house click here How does your organization celebrates its milestones?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.475894
Retrieved Text: DID WE MAKE HIM WELCOME: that is, isn’t it, the question. Does he have a background differing from the rest of some us? Damned straight he does. His skin color, in his history, served as slave. That means, doesn’t it, what it means, and which includes some us who have a different color of skin: everything that Mr. Obama is, and more, was supposed to elicit from some us a heartfelt welcome to all you are and come from — half African, half Caucasian — weren’t some us even mildly curious to see how this accomplished hybrid might turn out — as a President, say — weren’t we supposed to welcome some that which bid fair to put the house in-order, so to speak — even Rodney, as well as Martin Luther got it right: Cannot some we, at this time, get along?
Instead, what did some we do? One thing, we got to see Mr. McConnell prove he was more handsome on the outside; and some we are privileged to observe Mr. Gohmert’s mind, at-work; some we set the dogs loose as if it were all games, as well as fun; just don’t let it go more than one term, and that is how some we, as well as Goldman-Sachs, said hello to the man — some we didn’t, really, manage to extend President Barack Hussein Obama a courtesy that is (or was) supposed to be common.
carmelo panucci on A COOL MILLION?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.47506
Retrieved Text: katilda.com: what effect does the president have on the economy?
what effect does the president have on the economy?
and with a country $16 trillion in debt, that's understandable.
"It's Not the President, Stupid"
it's only 5 minutes long, if you want to give it a listen.
the comment feed on the podcast actually made for some interesting reading from people who both agreed and disagreed with those points...and a quality, coherent comment feed is surprisingly hard to come by, isn't it?
what effect does the president REALLY have on the economy?
Obama has won, get your game face on.
Well that's all very inspiring....and anonymous...but not exactly what I was looking for. Thoughts on the economy would be appreciated?
I honestly don't have a good feel for the active roll that the Executive Branch plays in the economy. When I get out of class this evening, I'll have a listen to the podcast, because I would be interested in hearing those thoughts.
One thing I do feel confident in saying is that the president, in one sense, is very much the figurehead for the United States. The economy is more than a theater show, but there is an element of appearances in it. When the PotUS exudes confidence and enthusiasm for the domestic economy, decision-makers the world around will respond. That can be pretty important, from what I understand.
I'm not well versed in politics on any level, but from what I understand, Romney was influential in turning around the economy of Massachusetts as governor. I'm not sure how much power the president really has over

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.463548
Retrieved Text: “It is impossible for a country to be a civil society — to have a civil society — with this kind of invasion, whether the media like to talk about it or not, whether the media attempt to call us names or not. The fact of the matter is, a country exists for its citizens. Citizens don’t exist to accommodate politicians, to accommodate the media, to accommodate foreign governments and aliens who seek to come into this country illegally,” Levin said.
“The issue is what does America need, what does the American citizenry want? Not what families who come here illegally demand. Not what other governments want. This is our country. Red, white, blue, whatever color people are, whatever their religion, this is the country of the American people. This government is set up to represent the American people. We don’t represent the whole world in this country. These are American institutions. That’s an American constitution. It’s an American culture,” he said.
“We pay our federal income taxes or we go to federal prison. We follow the rules, we pay our way, we ask nothing from anybody. That’s the way I was raised. And the minute people cross the border, their hand is out for a program, for civil rights, for whatever the issue is. We have never, ever seen anything like this: the breakdown of law and order supported by a major political party and the American news media. We have never seen anything like this in our country. This is flat-out tyranny, whether it’s immigration, whether

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.443841
Retrieved Text: With President Donald Trump’s latest controversial actions, the biggest question was how he would handle something as serious as a massive hurricane such as Harvey. This left myself and the majority of the United States in fear that Trump would pull his usual shenanigans.
To this date Trump has taken note of Bush’s mistakes and demanded FEMA act quicker than they did under Michael D. Brown’s control. To our surprise, Trump has been holding up and using the resources at his disposal. After many issues in 2005, it is understood that FEMA has learned from their mistakes and will no longer be cramming people into stadiums.
With a quick reaction time, Trump sent aid before the hurricane hit Texas, leaving me in shock with his professionalism and leadership. According to U.S. News, Bush’s aid took 96 hours after Hurricane Katrina touched down in Louisiana, then another 48 hours later he had to request additional money in aid. This difference caused 1,833 unnecessary deaths to occur.
While President Trump is reveling in his success in aiding mainland hurricane victims, the citizens of Puerto Rico are living in despair. Puerto Rico’s devastation will take years to recover. Even with the help from many celebrities and organizations, it may not be fiscally possible for the U.S. and its territories to be able to provide aid for the many more hurricanes to come.
Thankfully, the president has said he’s heading to Puerto Rico next week.
The ugly truth of the matter is, money will always be in the way of saving people’s lives and that

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.428359
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump repeatedly says his proposed tax cut would be the biggest in U.S. history, but it will not even come close to the record.
But on individual taxes, Trump's claim does not hold up, according to data on top personal income tax rates collected by the Tax Foundation, a Washington think tank.
The Reagan cuts lowered the top rate to 28 percent from 70 percent. That was an impressive 60 percent drop.
But the huge tax cuts of President Warren Harding and President Calvin Coolidge, both Republicans, take the prize. In 1922, the top tax rate was 73 percent. By 1925, it was only 25 percent, almost a 66 percent decline. Coolidge alone was responsible for a 57 percent cut in taxes.
Under President John Kennedy and President Lyndon Johnson, both Democrats, the tax cuts of 1964 and 1965 cut the top rate to 70 percent from 91 percent, a decline of 23 percent.
Still, there are other ways to measure the size of a tax cut besides the rates themselves. One approach would measure how much tax revenue the federal government does not get and taxpayers get to keep. That is the "cost" of a tax cut.
But that number is disputed between those who favor tax cuts and those who do not. The Trump administration argues its tax cuts will ignite the economy and tax revenue will increase, not decrease. That way, the cuts "pay for themselves," they say.
The think tank favors that measure because it eliminates the effects of inflation, economic growth and the size of total

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.415487
Retrieved Text: there will be far more questions than there are answers.
negotiators here to Washington for further talks.  They arrived yesterday.
depend on the progress that they make during the course of this week.
process; it's not our timetable.  So how they proceed is up to them.
an agreement, and that's why they're here.
think, is for the Israelis to describe.
some urgency to the talks?
MR. CROWLEY:  I think Foreign Minister Ben Ami spoke to that outside.
would be life after January 20th for the peace process if need be?
process.  The peace process is an enduring interest of the United States.
brought the parties closer to an agreement than ever before.
What happens between now and January 20th really is up to the parties.
why we've been at it for so long.
Q    How about the American role in the negotiations?
scheduled travel for the President outside the United States.
an agreement can be reached?
premature.  We have to basically evaluate what progress is made this week.
leaders come together in some form -- depends on the progress that's made.
expect a summit between now and January 20th?
take this step by step.
President get directly involved again.  Nothing like that is scheduled.
playing a very limited role, why bring them now, to Washington?
should proceed.  How does he think they should proceed?
negotiators to keep that among themselves.
Israeli-Palestinian track, but ultimately on the other tracks as well.
administrations have shared, going back decades.
preclude a trip by President Clinton?
the President reached no decision on whether we will travel to North Korea.
will be continued, I'm sure, by the next administration.
details

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.411225
Retrieved Text: The obvious answer is very strong. Hundreds of billions of dollars is now spent annually on America’s Defense. The United States Army is as strong as ever, and every other branch appears to exist without much flaw. As a matter of fact, one can conduct a bit of research and decipher that often times, too much is spent on the Department of Defense. Whirlwind headlines of Navy coffee mugs costing thousands of dollars can be a prime example of a Nation’s military with a budget that appears to have no end.
So my question is, with a military spread all over the entire world and allies spanning every continent, why has The President declared a State of Emergency?
The U.S. Government was recently Shut down for over 31 days, the longest recorded government shutdown in recorded history. With a military so strong, in a robust and prosperous Capitalist society, a shutdown is now the tail end to what appears to be a declaration of an emerging crisis.
In recent month’s time, there were reports of an invasion along the southern border, an actual cry from the President which has led him to orchestrate a campaign of border defense. His campaign includes most importantly, a 2000 mile long border wall between The U.S. and Mexico. Without rehashing the terrible war of words President Trump has had with others over this wall, it is easy to understand that he was incapable of acquiring the funds necessary to complete his campaign promise of building a massive border wall.
This, only days after a

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.388786
Retrieved Text: How Many 'Teen Vogue' Interns Does It Take To Screw In A Lightbulb?
Just one, apparently! This afternoon, Teen Vogue intern "Cynthia" gives us a sneak peek at the ins and outs of working as a intern at the highfalutin' Conde Nast teen title (unpacking trunks, photographing clothing, picking out hats, the aforementioned lightbulb!) and imparts advice on staying on top of the intern heap (make to-do lists, ask questions, be proactive).
Yup, that makes sense. But how does one get in on the much-publicized Teen Vogue internship program in the first place?
My advice for anyone applying for an internship would be to be prepared to answer anything from who your favorite up and coming designers are to why you think you are an eligible canidate [sic] for the position.
Hmm, we've heard that one before, we think. What else can you tell us, Cynthia?
A good friend and former Teen Vogue intern, Sara Moonves (who is now in the New York Vogue office) recommended me for the position.
Oh. You mean Sara "Daughter of CBS-president Les" Moonves. We knew it would come down to nepotism.
Earlier: How To Ace A 'Teen Vogue' Interview: Love Clothes!
How To Ace A &apos;Teen Vogue&apos; Interview: Love Clothes!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.382184
Retrieved Text: Kevin Durant brought the Larry O’Brien Championship Trophy to Seat Pleasant, Maryland, on Thursday, coming back home to serve as the guest of honor in a parade celebrating his first NBA championship and first NBA Finals Most Valuable Player award with the Golden State Warriors. As often tends to happen in the shadow of Washington, D.C., though, politics encroached on the proceedings.
A reporter from TMZ Sports grabbed a moment with Durant as he got into a convertible for the parade, asking the four-time NBA scoring champion what he thought about how many of his fellow athletes and NBA players — most notably friend/rival/pickup hoops partner LeBron James — have been vocal about the actions and comments of President Donald Trump.
Durant declined to answer the reporter’s follow-up question about whether he planned to “get involved with” making a broader statement in opposition to the president. To be fair, though, the one KD did make — the latest indication that many pro athletes and others in the sporting world’s public eye aren’t interested in “sticking to sports” — was pretty clear, direct and unmistakable.
He expounded on why he will bypass the White House visit, a ritual for professional teams coming off of championship seasons.
“I just wanted to sit back and analyze everything and gather my thoughts,” Durant said. “I wanted to say something immediately, but I definitely want to be the voice of where I come from and people who have come from my neighborhood and deal with oppression.
Durant believes the President has played a role in the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.36092
Retrieved Text: TODAY The Simpsons saw the most absurd prediction in its 27-year history come true - correctly forecasting Donald Trump would be president.
In an episode aired in 2000, the show portrays a grown-up Lisa as the incumbent, who refers to "inheriting quite a budget crunch from President Trump".
The uncanny prediction occurred in Bart To The Future, an episode revealing how the lives of its central characters could turn out.
It later referenced his real-life run for the presidency again last year in a short clip called Trumptastic Voyage - though by this stage his candidacy was more commonly expected.
What happens now Donald Trump won the 2016 US Election and what can we expect from the new President?
Earlier this year Simpsons creator Matt Groening told The Guardian they used Trump because he was "the most absurd placeholder joke name that we could think of".
What states does Donald Trump need to win to become the 45th President of the US?
He added: "That's still true, it's beyond satire. If by chance he gets elected, which I doubt highly will happen, I think we’ll suddenly be very inspired."
Dan Greaney, a long-time writer for the show, said it was a "warning to America".
He told The Hollywood Reporter: "That just seemed like the logical last stop before hitting bottom. It was pitched because it was consistent with the vision of America going insane."
HAS AMERICA MADE A BIG MISTAKE?

================



======= Instance Index 6694 =========
Input Text: What is rain a type of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- snow
- disneyland
- air
- weather
- forest

Target Text: weather

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.147173
Retrieved Text: MRI Dazzling Rain - sold to MT - Mahlstedt Ranch Inc.
Rain is a big, ideal type black mare with a beautiful stride and a friendly personality. She is a consistent producer of top notch horses with color, kindness, and brains. This filly was wonderful to halter break and she is the type that asks what you want and tries to please you. This is a top notch filly.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.874455
Retrieved Text: 30. Recycling Rates Make a bar graph of the data above.
31. Bottle Recycling For every 1,000 glass beverage bottles that are produced, how many are recycled?
32. Nonrenewable Resources 45.8 billion (45,800,000,000) cans were thrown away in 2000. If it takes 33.79 cans to equal one pound and the average scrap value is $0.58/lb, then what was the total dollar value of the discarded cans?
33. Ozone Depletion The thin ozone layer called the "ozone hole" over Antarctica reached nearly 27,000,000 km2 in 1998. To conceptualize this, the United States has a geographical area of 9,363,130 km2. How much larger is the "ozone hole" in comparison to the United States?
34. Increased CO2 Levels To determine the effects of increased CO2 levels in the atmosphere, scientists increased the CO2 concentration by 70 percent in an enclosed rain forest environment. If the initial CO2 concentration was 430 parts per million, what was it after the increase?
1. From what natural resource are plastics, paints, and gasoline made?
Use the illustration below to answer questions 2-4.
2. What is produced by the mechanism shown in the illustration?
3. In which section are the turbine blades found?
4. Which section represents the generator?
5. Which of the following is necessary for the production of hydroelectric power?
6. With which type of alternative energy are photovoltaic cells used?
7. Which of the following is a type of air pollution that results when sunlight reacts with pollutants produced by burning fuels?
Use the photograph below to answer questions 8 and 9.
8. What is the name of the method of farming illustrated above?
9. What

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.869104
Retrieved Text: Do you enjoy keeping your feet dry? Unless you are swimming or taking a shower, it is generally a good idea to keep your feet dry. Yes, we understand that it is not bad for you to get your feet wet, but it is not the best idea for super long periods of time. There are better ideas than to simply walk around in a pair of wet shoes.
Rain is liquid water in the form of droplets that have condensed from atmospheric water vapor and then precipitated (become heavy enough to fall under gravity down to the earth). It would be pointless to get mad at the rain, because it is clearly a major component of the water cycle and is responsible for depositing most of the fresh water on the Earth. It provides suitable conditions for many types of ecosystems, as well as water for hydroelectric power plants and crop irrigation. More importantly, it provides the proper liquid for us to continue our life on earth. With that said, it is fair to say that the rain is sometimes a pain in the neck. Most definitely when it messes up our clothing and footwear choices for the day.
What should we do on a rainy day?
Maybe putting on a pair of rain boots would be a good idea.
A boot is a type of footwear and a specific type of shoe. Most boots mainly cover the foot and the ankle, while some also cover some part of the lower calf. Some boots extend up the leg, sometimes

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.683786
Retrieved Text: The 5" Anti Bird / Anti Rain Chimney Cowl will stop birds nesting in your chimney – it has a robust cage type stainless steel mesh housing that will prevent this.
The 5" Anti Rain / Anti Bird Chimney Cowl offers maximum protection without impeding the performance of the chimney.
The circular base diameter of the 5" Anti Bird / Anti Rain Chimney Cowl is 5” or 130mm.
What the 5" Anti Bird / Anti Rain Chimney Cowl will not do.
The 5" Anti Rain / Anti Bird Chimney Cowl is available in other diameter sizes, namely; 6”, 8"-9", 10 ½”, 12” and 14”. To view these other sizes please click the category called Chimney Cowls.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.555406
Retrieved Text: Who is the one to contact if you need seamless rain gutters around Cathan, WA?
How thick is the building material used for seamless gutters near Cathan, WA?
What type of copper gutters do you provide close to Cathan?
Just what size seamless rain gutters? do I need to have close to Cathan WA for my seamless rain gutters?
Do I want to get new gutter systems from you in order for you to install gutter guards or can you put them on my existing gutter systems within Cathan, WA?
Why not call Cathan Seamless Gutters for seamless rain gutters today, our crew will get you a estimate that is generally less than our competition.
Going from having leaf gutter guards to not on your new property can be an inconvenience, call for a bid right away.
Cathan WA Seamless Gutters has offered and installed seamless rain gutters for other customers near Cathan Washington over the past couple of years.
We would just like a price estimate for seamless rain gutters attached on our home near Cathan, WA.
If you have questions on rain gutters for your Cathan WA house, call us we can to help today!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.502252
Retrieved Text: Several solar shower head and flow is as a shower head. Our wide selection of all piping on how to hook up your bathroom but no matter what are the water to add to your shower head of pipes are exposed copper at my shower diverter can guide you incorporate the summer months once the plumbing is there anything related to make rainforest shower less and ceiling mount shower head to make rainforest shower head that your local hardware store a shower heads. Copper shower head type diy, what connector two supply lines for wall and may already in my diy copper shower.
You think will back up shower heads may require or using multiple shower valve and most plumbers prefer to the new shower head in the best use all shapes and have some water. In a what height they want the of all copper and accessories. Copper shower head type plan, to your needs a variety of a leaking my plan to install a shower head glue and three body sprayers for the tub or the water. Head above the copper open system between a quality shower head. Without it you the tile and tub copper gold polished shower valve next make.
In high pressure balanced shower head copperdesign unicorn head by brand nameeks no shower starts with a vast selection of type shower head on orders over. From china shower system shower head. Copper shower head type brand, of brands at ferguson brand or manufacturerwenzhou misin sanitary ware co ltd. Head a brand of performance

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.284771
Retrieved Text: Genre is a type of literary work. Often a book's genre is identified on the cover or binding. Other times, such as with "The Neon Rain," the back cover copy establishes the book as being from the mystery genre. Literary elements such as character, setting, plot, and tone can all contribute to creating a mystery. The objective of this lesson is to learn about the mystery genre.
1) Class Discussion: What is genre? Identify the genre of "The Neon Rain." Discuss how you know the genre of this book. List elements that establish the genre. Be specific. Are these elements in other books of the same genre?
More summaries and resources for teaching or studying The Neon Rain.
The Neon Rain from BookRags. (c)2019 BookRags, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.272988
Retrieved Text: Foam inserts for rain gutter guards– do they work? As an engineer my point of view is that the very best application for foam is for packing products or a wonderful top quality bed mattress however not as a seamless gutter guard. You and also thousands of your blossom friends fall onto a seamless gutter that is loaded with a foam insert. Both you and also all your close friends are stunning blossoms, nonetheless, your power as a blossom is nearing an end. Since you’ve been knocked off by some vicious rainfall drops or your time as a blossom has actually expired, it’s. Point is that you are now laying on top of a foam insert– a padding of kinds. But you really do not need a padding considering that you are so light in weight. Now what remains in shop for you? Are you mosting likely to be blown away? Or will you be somehow displaced and also go down to planet? Or possibly stepped on by a raccoon, squirrel, or a bird? Let’s keep in mind that foam makes and also superb bed mattress. Just what concerning the wind? Is it mosting likely to raise you off this comfortable bed mattress and also set you air born again? Think for a moment, just how might this take place? Keep in mind that you are right in addition to the rain gutter pushing this comfortable cushion. Any kind of wind whipping down the roof will just overshoot the rain gutter and also go off right

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.185225
Retrieved Text: Metcheck.com - UK Latest Non-Zoomable Precipitation Type Weather Radar showing Rain, Sleet and Snow - Updated every 15 Minutes.
Oooh... now this is clever! Using the latest radar image we can then match up the upper air information and show you how the precipitation is falling. Is it rain, sleet, snow, freezing rain or even hail and ice pellets?
No need to guess when you see a band of precipitation heading your way. Just take a look at the latest image and we'll show you what it will fall as. Metcheck, technology so clever it makes your nose bleed.
Precipitype is a really clever technology. Metcheck were the first website in the UK to use the technology and using our own algorithms we can colour the precipitation and show you what it is falling as.
If you use the key above you'll see how we can look at current upper air data to show you exactly what you can expect the incoming band of precipitation to fall as.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.150322
Retrieved Text: Freezing rain is an especially hazardous type of adverse weather and is frequently observed in Churchill, Manitoba. The goals of this study were to assess the climatology of freezing rain in Churchill, assess the synoptic climatology of the Hudson Bay region using a multi-level synoptic classification scheme, assess the relationships between the synoptic climate and freezing rain events, and assess the trends in synoptic types and to discuss the implications of climate change in relation to the expected changes in freezing rain. For the years 1953 thru 2009, freezing rain was observed during 796 hours, an average of approximately 15 hours per year. A 34-type multi-level synoptic classification consisting of five NCEP/NCAR reanalysis datasets was constructed. Type-20 was associated with a majority of the freezing rain cases. More research is needed to understand how climate change may impact the timing, frequency and intensity of freezing rain in Churchill.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.118425
Retrieved Text: What exactly are the advantages of rain gutters for your Fredericksburg Pennsylvania property?
Looking for a seamless rain gutters company or installer near Fredericksburg?
What type of copper gutters do you provide in Fredericksburg PA?
Installing seamless gutters on your house in Fredericksburg Pennsylvania, will very likely prevent water damage to your house.
We are ready to tell you the truth on seamless gutters in Fredericksburg Pennsylvania, why you need them to preserve your home.
At Fredericksburg Seamless Gutters we know rain gutters, so call the best company that values clients in Fredericksburg.
Are you worn down of cleaning your rain gutters near Fredericksburg PA Contact to get a bid now for gutter guards!
Relocating to a new house in Fredericksburg Asking oneself the cost of gutter guards as you check out the tall trees? We can help install gutter leaf guards so you will not have to clean out your rain gutters in the fall.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 17026.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.007892
Retrieved Text: The FAA Flight and Ground Instructor test bank contains questions pertaining to Weather . The following list contains only a relatively small percentage of the pertinent questions. Our software, which you are free to download now at no cost, will generally contain a much more complete set of questions associated with this test bank. This list is intended only to familiarize you in a general way with the questions of the Flight and Ground Instructor test bank.
If the air temperature is +6 �C at an elevation of 700 feet and a standard (average) temperature lapse rate exists, what will be the approximate freezing level?
Which precipitation type usually indicates freezing rain at higher altitudes?
What type weather can one expect from moist, unstable air and very warm surface temperature?
Select the true statement pertaining to the life cycle of a thunderstorm.
With respect to advection fog, which statement is true?
Which is true regarding the development of convective circulation?
When warm air moves over a cold lake, what weather phenomenon is likely to occur on the leeward side of the lake?
What is a typical characteristic of a stable air mass?
Which situation would most likely result in freezing rain?
Under what condition can enough lift be found for soaring under stable weather conditions?
(Refer to figure 2.) Using the 1400 sounding, between what altitudes could good thermalling be expected?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.956022
Retrieved Text: Kingdra or Milotic? pros and cons?
I'm trying to build a rain team and I want one of them on my team.
Milotic serves more as the bulk of your team, rather than a sweeper. Kingdra is a more sweeper oriented Pokemon, which like to take offense and try not to get hit while at it. If your team lacks bulk, Milotic is the better option, and if it lacks firepower, go for Kingdra.
Thanks this really, helps I'm going for kingdra because I'm already going to use Swampert, Rotom(wash), Lapras so Kingdra should go well with my rain team.
Just as a small side advice: unless your doing a mono water team, so many water types aren't a good choice, even for a rain team. It leaves a lot of weaknesses... But I'm guessing this is monotype.
thanks for the advice. I'm not sure what type of battle type I'm making yet besides a rian team. I need one more pokemon to finish it, I have Swampert, Rotom(wash), Lapras, Kingdra, and Kyogre; all I need now is a good Hurricane user.
Rest or Substitute for Kingdra?
Which should I use, flygon or kingdra?
Dragon Dance Gyarados or Dragon Dance Kingdra?
Which to choose: Kingdra or Gyarados?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.953298
Retrieved Text: Reduces HP if it is hot. Water restores HP.
Dry Skin (Japanese: かんそうはだ Dry Skin) is an Ability introduced in Generation IV.
During harsh sunlight, a Pokémon with Dry Skin will lose ⅛ of its maximum HP at the end of each turn. During rain, a Pokémon with Dry Skin will regain ⅛ of its maximum HP at the end of each turn.
Fire-type attacks do 25% more damage to a Pokémon with Dry Skin.
When a Pokémon with Dry Skin is hit by a Water-type move, its HP is restored by one quarter of its maximum HP, and the move will have no effect on that Pokémon (if a Pokémon with this Ability already has full HP, the Water-type move will do nothing). This effect will not activate if the Pokémon is protected from the Water-type move.
If a Pokémon with Dry Skin is holding an Absorb Bulb or Luminous Moss, Dry Skin absorbs the Water-type move so the item's effect is not triggered.
Dry Skin has no effect outside of battle.
In Sunny weather, Pokémon with Dry Skin will lose HP, while their natural HP recovery rate is boosted in Rain. Natural HP recovery rate is unaffected in Sunny weather. Pokémon will also gain HP when hit by a Water-type move, but will get extra damage from Fire-type moves.
In Explorers of Time, Darkness and Sky, Pokémon with Dry Skin lose 3 HP every 9-10 turns in Sunny weather. In Pokémon Super Mystery Dungeon, Dry Skin causes the Pokémon to lose 1 HP every 10 turns in Sunny weather, and Fire-type moves

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.795413
Retrieved Text: Think about what you know about weather patterns and weather reports. What do you think causes weather?
I think weather is maybe caused by how the Earth revolves around the sun in a way because since it moves around it, since the sun shines in different places on Earth at different times it could cause it to change.
I claim weather is caused by many ways, for example like condensation, precipitation, evaporation, ect. With condensation it is when water vapor turns into liquid. When there is precipitation it is rain, snow, sleet, hail, ect. With evaporation its when liquid turns into water vapor and goes into the atmosphere.
I think that air masses, cold fronts, warm fronts, and varying amounts of pressure in the atmosphere causes weather to change. I claim this because when two air masses collide it causes bad weather. When a cold front comes it brings cold and stormy weather. When a warm front comes it brings warm and fair weather. Low pressure produces condensation which creates clouds and high pressure does not produce clouds so there is fair weather and no precipitation.
I claim that the water cycle is a huge factor in what causes weather. My evidence is when there is warm weather, the water is going to evaporate. Then the water will condensate and form clouds. When the temperature is colder and there are clouds, there will most likely be precipitation.
I think weather depends on the atmosphere and the sun because weather is in the atmosphere and the sun can make it hot and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.795142
Retrieved Text: Home » Home » What is a semantic domain?
What is a semantic domain?
A semantic domain is an area of meaning and the words used to talk about it. A domain is often given a name consisting of a common word in the domain. For instance English has a domain ‘Rain’, which includes words such as rain, drizzle, downpour, raindrop, puddle. We use these words to talk about the rain.
The words within a domain are related to each other by lexical relations. Linguists use the term lexical relations to refer to various kinds of relationships that exist between words. There are two basic types of lexical relations. The first type are known as collocates—words that are frequently used together in a sentence. For instance we often use the words bird and fly in the same sentence. Bird andfly are related by the lexical relation agent:typical action. The second type are known as paradigm forms and include relations such assynonyms, antonyms, and the generic-specific relation. The words big and large are close synonyms. Kind and unkind are antonyms.Bird is a generic term that includes the more specific term chicken.
As a child learns to speak, he forms lexical relations in his mind. We need these lexical relations in order to speak correctly. Each of us has a mental dictionary which is organized into a giant network of lexical relations. Within the network are important clusters, like cities and towns linked by roads. So a semantic domain is a cluster of words in the mental network. The words within the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.78619
Retrieved Text: Scenario : Chulet busy packing for her Europe trip with her hubby2B… (hmm.. must think of a name for him since I can’t forever refer him as hubby2B… ok ok. He shall henceforth be dubbed NinjaBoy).
Ninjaboy : Yes la… hmm… must find a big plastic bag for water proofing.
Chulet : why?? what you need to waterproof ?
Ninjaboy : My backpack which has my laptop !! it’s not waterproof.
Ninjaboy : No la… he say Water RESISTANT only.
Chulet : Enough la.. the rain will roll away wan.. the rain in Europe in like Melbourne… small fuzzy puny drops.
Ninjaboy : **stare at me in horror ** (BTW< Ninjaboy is a virgin Europe visitor) NOooooooooOOOooo… i hate that type of rain. It’s like the sky keeps spitting on me. bleh.. i hate it.. arghh.. spitting rains.. NoooooOOoo…. it’s like the rain kept phui-phui-phui (sound of people spitting) on me… sighh….
kekeke…. ur fren la.. all this farnee comments.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.778482
Retrieved Text: When Is It Time to Replace Your Rain Gutters?
Nobody likes having to pay to have their rain gutters replaced, but there comes a time when it becomes unavoidable. So, how do you know that it’s time to replace your rain gutters? Well, there are usually some obvious signs that you should always be on the lookout for. But, even if you see these signs of damage it doesn’t necessarily mean that your gutters need to be replaced. In fact, there’s a good chance they simply need to be cleaned and repaired. This would be great news because gutter installation isn’t exactly cheap.
The thing is that unless you are an expert, you probably have no idea if your gutters can be repaired of they actually need to be replaced. That means that you really should call a professional out if you suspect that you have a problem. In fact, you really should have a professional come out and inspect your gutters on a regular basis even if everything seems fine. This will not only keep your gutters in better shape so they will last longer, it will also help you to monitor for small problems that may not be readily apparent.
Getting back to the original issue, what other obvious signs are there that you probably have a rain gutter probably in addition to drooping gutters? If you have gutters that are leaking at the seams, this is another bad sign. As is a rain gutter that has water pouring over the side of it. As a general

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.776798
Retrieved Text: How experienced are the installers that work with your seamless gutters company near Grimes?
How can I tell if our seamless rain gutters aren’t draining effectively near Grimes?
What type of gutters do you provide close to Grimes?
Is your deck breaking down from water coming off your roof around Grimes, IA?
If you install copper gutters near Grimes Iowa it will make your autumn clean-up a piece of cake.
Are you tired of clearing out your seamless rain gutters near Grimes IA Email to get gutter leaf protection today!
Do you have rain gutters on your house? Get a bid today with Grimes IA Seamless Gutters.
Grimes Seamless Gutters has been providing service in Grimes for a long time call us for your rain gutters next project.
Call for a quote on rain gutters or gutters from Grimes Seamless Gutters we are prepared to help you with your next project.
Grimes IA Seamless Gutters is looking to solve your gutter issues in Grimes, just contact our team they will answer your seamless gutters questions.
We called for a gutter guards estimate in Grimes.
Do you install gutter systems with seams? We at rain gutters on install and offer rain gutters near Grimes, Iowa.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 50111.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.702272
Retrieved Text: . текст песни видео . GUILTY Anna Tsuchiya. Рейтинг: 0. Исполнитель: . I'm calling Standing in the rain calling out your name life is not the same without you. такая простая песенка, (Mash Up ReMix By Dj Kapa) 05:13. Все песни I m in here, I m calling out but . Standing in the rain Calling out your name Life is not the . Calling up my phone Showing No matter what your friends might say,Everybody knows my name, and calling and pleading till your coming home for the rain on your parade.
Бесплатно скачать White Stripes - Red Rain в формате MP3. Слушать онлайн White Stripes - Red Rain без регистрации. Клип E Type Rain клип E Type Rain I woke up and you made me see You and I we can never be All the . Текст Песни; Клип E . Calling Текст песни: Giulia: Standing in the rain Calling Текст, перевод песни Alice Deejay I won't give you up Look at me in the rain Calling out your name again. Текст песни: . And up the stairs In all of your silence, . Still hear you calling my name I'll see your light in the water Слушать онлайн Marius- - Standing in the rain Calling out your name Life is not the same Without. . hoping you pick up your phone . (standing here) Standing in the rain(oh baby) . But I'm under this umbrella and I'm calling I wake up in the morning The alarm clock tells me when Pour a cup of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.665368
Retrieved Text: Reasons why are copper gutters valuable for my house near Great Neck Estates, NY?
What type of gutters do you install in Great Neck Estates NY?
Still looking into seamless rain gutters within Great Neck Estates?
Who is the one to call for a price estimate for a seamless rain gutters near Great Neck Estates New York?
Why not install the gutter covers from the beginning to eliminate constant roof cleaning near Great Neck Estates?
We know we would certainly like rain gutters on our Great Neck Estates property, just how much is it planning to cost? Contact us at Great Neck Estates Seamless Gutters our staff is ready to help arrange a meeting.
If you reside within Great Neck Estates, New York contact Great Neck Estates Seamless Gutters to schedule a price quote on new rain gutters. for rain gutters.
We would just like a quote for seamless rain gutters put on our home within Great Neck Estates.
If want to prevent want to clean your rain gutters or remove fallen leaves from your seamless gutters get gutter leaf protection installed.
Great Neck Estates NY Seamless Gutters can provide you with a bid for new rain gutters around Great Neck Estates New York.
During autumn we know one thing, the leafs will fall right? Most often they will congest your rain gutters, so get gutter leaf guards to fix the issue for your home in Great Neck Estates New York.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 11021.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.611185
Retrieved Text: How do seamless gutter systems differ from sectional gutter systems around Langley?
How often do we have to clean my Langley seamless rain gutters?
Who do you call near Langley, WA for seamless rain gutters?
Should we choose a professional seamless gutters installer to put up my gutters in Langley, Washington?
Have you determined what type of rain gutter system you would like to replace your existing home or small business within Langley, WA?
Why decide on Langley WA Seamless Gutters for seamless gutters close to Langley, Washington Because we provide exceptional products at a good price.
Are you hiring for leaf protection in Langley Call a leading contractor for a bid today.
If you live in Langley call Langley Seamless Gutters to schedule a quote on all new rain gutters. for rain gutters.
Not installing seamless gutters on your home can cause water damage to your property in Langley, WA.
Do you need new gutters in the following zip codes: 98260.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.602667
Retrieved Text: Heera Rain gun is the high quality type of sprinkler.
Available in 1.25” inside round fitting option.
With 4Kg Water Pressure it can spray water up to 170 feet (26 meter radius).
It has capacity of 211 Liter/Minute discharge of water.
This Product have 3 Type of Nozzle which helps to adjust length and spray of water.
Rain gun has specially design adjustable screw in front of both outlets which helps to adjust spray & pressure of water. This special feature results in best way and reduced chances of dry places in circle area.
Rain gun Irrigation System is easy to install and use on different places.
Available in 0-360 Degree Turning Adjustable Options.
Heera Rain gun is the best performance in comparison.
Heera Rain gun Specially designed for different uses, where it can shower like a rain.
Agriculture Rain gun Irrigation System also useful for other kind of fields.
The Raingun irrigation system is very nice and best quality maintained product and also very low cost which is affordable to the farmers….

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.594994
Retrieved Text: Well we missed the severe storms where I live thank goodness. They were close as the eastern part of our area was hit with heavy rain. I want rain but I don't want it in the form of damaging hail so glad we dodged the bullet there.
My image today is from Squaw Creek Wildlife Refuge. I was able to get a decent image of these ducks in flight that was actually in focus. I am not sure what type they are but I liked the color on their wings. Best viewed large by clicking on the image.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.587292
Retrieved Text: As a NOAA Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador, iWeatherNet strives to create educational content to help you be prepared for any type of severe weather; this includes winter weather. I wanted to take the opportunity to briefly review the various winter weather products issued by the Atlanta National Weather Service in Peachtree City.
In other words, both an “advisory” and a “warning” are upgrades to a watch. An advisory is “worse” than a watch and a warning is “worse” than an advisory. Ultimately, the difference between an advisory and a warning lies in the predicted accumulation and expected impacts. Sometimes, the impacts of a small and seemingly insignificant accumulation can be nearly the same as those of a large accumulation.
What Constitutes a Winter Storm or an Ice Storm in Atlanta?
A Winter Storm Watch is issued when significant winter weather (i.e. 2 inches or more of snow, ½ inch or more of sleet, ¼ inch or more of freezing rain, or a combination of these events) is possible, but not imminent. A watch is typically issued 12 to 48 hours before the possibility of winter weather. This is the time to prepare. A wide range of weather events can prompt a Winter Storm Watch so make sure to pay attention to the specific forecast for your community and the possible impacts.
A Winter Weather Advisory indicates that winter weather is imminent and may cause inconveniences. An advisory is an upgrade to a watch; however, in some situations, an advisory may need to be issued even if a watch was not previously

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.565604
Retrieved Text: Well No bike for 13 days. Of on a work trip, Having to deliver a Refurbished 24mt work boat, to Gibraltar. No fun involved just work.
Ouch. That's a tough streak of days out of saddle.
Your hind-end is going to become all buttery soft by the time you perch on your XR again.
Again, my soft-seated friend: the BMW functions fully in rain.
What are you trying to imply.
Less of the getting old, more of the already there type of old.
Well, then, keep your posterior soft. Buy a Goldwing. Drink non-alcoholic beers. Stop smoking, avoid dairy, and, never ride in the rain.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.553907
Retrieved Text: Between the World Cup and the rain I've had to stay indoors a lot on this trip. As I showed on yesterday's semi post I went over the weekend to a mountain hotel called Chalet Tirol which as you can imagine was built in the Tirolean style.
I've always likes this place because it's surrounded by a forests and when you go feels like you have been transported to some Hansel and Gretel type of place. Also, the food is pretty good because they have tried to bring some of the typical food of Tirol including a delicious apple strudel.
Have a great Wednesday and enjoy something sweet today!
That strudel looks amazing! I hope the rain lets up soon.
That place looks soo cute! And that dessert...yum!
I miss rain so ,so much!
YUP, you just killed me with strudel!
I love places like that. And you got some good pix there too!
what a beautiful place to be......i love it!
and the presentation of that apple dessert is fantastic! hope it tasted as good as it looked!
Those houses look right out of a fairy tale. Hope the weather clears up.
That hotel is incredible...it really is like being transported into a fairy tale. Have you checked to see if the walls are made of gingerbread yet? I'm so tempted.
I love these cottages! Great photography rain or not!
Elie, we have had lots of rain, sunny today and everything is so lush!
Come see what I have put together for Catherine's party!
Those cottages are heavenly, and that rainbow sauce looks amazing!!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.537793
Retrieved Text: There are two fire clouds in the enum: CLOUD_FIRE, and CLOUD_FOREST_FIRE.
However in _terse_cloud_names (which is used for parsing the cloud type in Lua calls), these are respectively "flame" and "fire".
Confusingly, in _verbose_cloud_names, they are *both* described as "roaring flames". But, _verbose_cloud_names appears to be used *solely* for an obscure check on rain clouds (with a comment "Special message for unmodified rain clouds"). At least, that is the only usage that I could find, perhaps I missed something.
b) Remove _verbose_cloud_names (and implement that particular logic for rain in a slightly simpler fashion)?
I'd rather fix CLOUD_FOREST_FIRE not telling people what it is.
I did implement it a long time ago but my memory is a bit cloudy. I think I did it this way because cloud code prepends "cloud of " in a number of places, and thus it was hard to explain that it's a burning tree rather than just hot air.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.534739
Retrieved Text: Rain Gardens are a type of bio-retention cell consisting of just the engineered soil layer with no gravel bed below it. Rain Gardens are a type of bio-retention cell consisting of just the engineered soil layer with no gravel bed below it.Rain Gardens are shallow depressions filled with an engineered soil mix that supports vegetative growth. They are usually used on individual home lots to capture roof runoff. Typical soil depths range from 6 to 18 inches. The capture ratio is the ratio of the rain garden’s area to the impervious area that drains onto it.
The two layers used in a simulation for a Rain Garden LID are shown in the following image.
See the topic Bio-Retention_Cell_LID_Reference_Values.htm for a discussion of parameter values for Rain Gardens.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.533841
Retrieved Text: Looking for seamless gutters near Winter Haven, FL?
Find out even more about gutter protection by contacting us for your property close to Winter Haven, Florida?
What are the benefits of rain gutters for my property in Winter Haven, FL?
How do I maintain my seamless gutters system near Winter Haven?
Just how do I decide on the proper seamless rain gutters company in Winter Haven FL?
Is a specified place around the Winter Haven Florida home a really good place to have a downspout?
Have you made a decision on what type of gutter system you want to upgrade your current home or business close to Winter Haven Florida?
Who can I call for a estimate on a seamless gutters near Winter Haven, FL?
There is a single company to call for seamless rain gutters so contact us for a price estimate today!
Every autumn we know one thing, the leaves will fall right? Most often they will block your seamless gutters get gutter leaf guards for gutter guards.
If you live near Winter Haven FL call Winter Haven Seamless Gutters to schedule a quote on all new rain gutters. for rain gutters.
We would like to get a quote for my home within Winter Haven, who do I contact? You should hire us at Winter Haven Seamless Gutters.
Our seamless rain gutters materials are of much better quality than most of our competitors.
I called for a price quote for a rain gutters cost near Winter Haven, Florida.
Get a price quote today for seamless rain gutters with a local contractor that services Winter Haven FL Seamless Gutters.
We

================



======= Instance Index 9402 =========
Input Text: Who is likely going in to a market?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- stress
- food
- that you
- spending money
- walking

Target Text: that you

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.148428
Retrieved Text: Blockchain is hard to ignore these days, as the technology is all around us, and it looks like we’re only touching the tip of the iceberg at the moment. It’s very likely that we’re going to see even more developments in this field later on, and while it’s hard to tell just how far we’re going to go in terms of developing blockchain and its surrounding technologies, one thing is certain – those who get involved with this tech early on are going to be big winners in the long run.
One of the main areas that have seen strong benefits from advances in blockchain tech has been real estate, and players in the commercial market have been able to improve their progress significantly better than ever before, mostly thanks to blockchain. We’re already seeing increased levels of trust across the board, as transactions can be processed with more confidence and a more directed approach.
Blockchain will also make it much easier to track changes in ownership in various areas, even when there is a complicated underlying system that might be difficult to navigate by someone inexperienced.
As we mentioned above, even though we’ve already seen some exciting changes thanks to the application of blockchain in different sectors, it’s very likely that things are going to start moving at a much faster pace not too long from now. Many companies have started to accept Bitcoin and similar forms of currency as payment, and that also includes some players in the real estate market. Though the numbers are still growing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.141073
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of thousands together with people around the field get fabulous invention ideas, but only a challenge of them succeed using turning those ideas into reality. The main major between the people what persons succeed in following most of the dreams and the your that are left right behind in consistency.
Financial possible of the investor: Is likely to they manage to invest in you every single the way and in what way much are already they likely to risk' with somebody?
Market Connection: Going to obtain an people who trade with huge pockets is literally a reasonable idea, but going regarding an opportunist with deep pockets in addition , a trade connection has been the greatest idea. This one investor surely not only give you funds, but he/she will most likely use unique influence towards the recent market to make your goods in i would say the market through a short period.
The ideas mentioned across are just a suggestions of currently the iceberg. There are too many corporate and legal things who go straight turning all of your invention into a sensible business. That is why why designers are always encouraged - seek help you from men with experience in dealing with such issues. These somebody will instructions you and make sure you do not ever make mistakes that might have destructive to effects to your business concern.
A cool place to start towards any master is InventHelp. The company is concentrated to preparing people turn their production ideas for reality. This method has supported thousands connected with

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.079678
Retrieved Text: The answer to the question on the previous page depends on where, what and why you want to invest in property and if you are in a strong financial position to buy. In other words, you are not exposing yourself too greatly to increasing interest rates, not buying for a quick resale profit and the rental market is still strong where you wish to invest. The best property investments are usually made in a buyers market and that is beginning to kick in now. However, if we are about to get a buyers market, you should not be looking for a quick resale return.
Start of article about investing in property.
Previous page about property investment.
Let's analyse the situation and factor in what is likely to happen over the next 24 months or so. You have to bear in mind that anything and everything can change when investing in property and there are a lot of amateur property investors out there who may have left it too late and are about to take a hit.
UK sub prime lenders, like the US have been falling over themselves to lend money to property investors for the UK buy to let market. Many of these investors have continued to buy up properties blindly believing that property prices were going to increase year on year. Many of them have bought what they believed to be discounted properties on developments in city centres like Manchester and Leeds. Some have over exposed themselves financially, believing that they would find it easy to let these

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.067528
Retrieved Text: Discover how Millennials feel about purchasing their first property, 'Generation Rent' and their view on the current housing market.
The results of NatWest's Millennials Home Buying Survey reveals how young people view the current UK housing market in 2015, discusses the challenges that first time buyers face and the idea of generation rent.
Discover the highlights of this survey along with more detailed information according to region, gender, age, current living situation and stage in the house buying process.
Of the 75% of millennials who are aware of the Help to Buy scheme, 44% do not know how to apply.
As part of the Millennials Home Buying Survey 2015, 1,500 participants aged 22-30 took part in completing a 10 minute survey. To find out more results, download the full data set below.
Icon expand What are millennials current circumstances and future intentions?
- Men also appear to be closer to buying, are more engaged and more optimistic about owning a property.
likely to be actively looking.
with a partner vs the rest of the country.
Icon expand How do Millennials feel about the current housing market?
chances of becoming a first time buyer in particular, in the North West and the Midlands.
- Millennials aged 25-30 are more likely to disagree that UK is currently experiencing ‘generation rent’.
England and the South West are more likely to strongly disagree with this.
chances of becoming a first time buyer compared with those who live at home rent free.
- Females are likely to think they will be older than men before they can afford the deposit on a property.
Icon expand Do

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.796917
Retrieved Text: Hundreds of thousands together with people around the field get fabulous invention ideas, but only a handful of them succeed over turning those ideas on reality. The main impact between the people who succeed in following most of the dreams and the ones that are left at the rear in consistency.
Financial possible of generally investor: Is likely to they manipulate to fund you all the way and in what way much are already they likely to risk’ with users?
Market Connection: Going on behalf of an people who trade with penetrating pockets is actually a reasonable idea, going regarding an dealer with relaxed pockets and a trade connection is almost certainly the best idea. This skill investor would not lone give one funds, but he/she will most likely use this influence towards the recent market to make your pill in the exact market in a short period.
The guidelines mentioned above are right a recommendation of currently the iceberg. Presently there are too many executive and what is things that go involved in turning your amazing invention down into a successful business. That’s why inventors are routinely encouraged on the way to seek help from we with enough experience with regard to dealing equipped with such matters. These guests will instructions you make sure you don’t make slip ups that really does have bad for effects to your business.
A magnificent place with regard to start for any chief is InventHelp. The company is fully commited to helping people switch off all electronics their formulation ideas straight to reality.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.767388
Retrieved Text: In all industries, change in the market over time is inevitable. Thriving as change occurs requires having a clear vision of the future and taking action to reposition, reimagine or redesign products and services to meet new market demands.
Senior living is an industry that has been experiencing significant changes over the last decade resulting from shifting demographics, new technology and the ACA’s transformation of the health care delivery system. The senior living market, which has been evolving during this time, has now reached a tipping point and is poised for disruption.
Disruption often comes from outside an industry; from those who see opportunity in a changing market and are not wedded to the status quo. They will initiate a product development process that includes market research to test assumptions, clarify customer values, identify unmet needs and determine the new features and benefits that will generate demand.
Many senior living developers and operators have become entrenched in existing business models that can be quite lucrative, even while serving a small (10%) segment of the growing older adult market. Taking a wait and see attitude will likely result in new industry leaders emerging who attract a larger segment of the market to their products and services.
For those interested in riding the aging wave as a developer, operator or service delivery partner, change is bringing new opportunities with the potential for significant financial rewards. A 2013 Brooks Adams research study of consumer trends reveals that 76% of adults 50+ are likely to move to some type of older adult community in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.741516
Retrieved Text: Mortgage rates were largely unchanged again this week, not trending significantly up or down. The National Association of Home Builders’ (NAHB) housing market sentiment index did not move up or down, with builders staying positive about buyer demand. Mortgage application submissions flipped, with new purchase applications down and refinance applications up. Housing starts and building permits each declined.
Housing starts and building permits stumbled in June, each declining. Housing starts dropped 12.3% month-over-month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.173 million. Building permits are down 2.2% month-over-month to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.273 million. Home builders are under pressure in terms of labor shortages and higher materials costs. The unchanged builder sentiment index indicates construction activity is not likely to accelerate any time soon. Some buyers are unwilling to wait for new construction and builders are unable to lower costs because of narrowing profit margins.
Despite the construction slowdown, buyer demand is still strong and this summer’s housing market has stayed competitive. Most listings are receiving multiple offers within a few days of going live. Buyers looking to compete in today’s market should partner with a mortgage lender that can ensure a timely transaction. Getting preapproved for a mortgage before shopping is imperative in today’s market. Buyers who are preapproved are more attractive to the seller, who is likely about to enter the busy housing market as well.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.696069
Retrieved Text: We don’t really know whether the economy will continue to recover in 2010, whether the private sector can improve enough to cover the inevitable drop in investment from the public sector and pending job losses. We also don’t know quite when interest rates will start to increase and although everyone will know who they’d like in government, we don’t really know who it will be, or even if it’ll be a hung parliament causing further confusion.
On top of all this uncertainty, there is the further fear that the pound will slip further against the euro and the all important dollar and how much ‘leeway’ the international markets will give the UK to pay back our frighteningly high deficit.
What we do know is that the property market really lead us into the recession and although it can’t lead us out, it does seemed to have ‘stabilised’ at a level that the industry and consumers can cope with. Demand and supply are likely to stay fairly level as there is little likely to change from 2009. Lenders aren’t being more generous with their mortgage rates and deposit levels and while funding remains tight, so will the market be restricted to current levels.
It’s likely that by April/May/June time the media will report a ‘slowing’ of price gains as they compare 2010 to a better performing 2009, so buyers won’t be in any rush to purchase. Demand should continue though as people realise renting is (currently) quite a short term option and as rents rise, those who are ‘thinking of

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.629777
Retrieved Text: Internet Marketing is something that most people realize they need, but aren’t quite sure how to start implementing it. Luckily, it’s rather simple to do. You just need to know the right information and use the right tools. This article is going to provide you with what you need in order to make your marketing work.
The first thing you need to do is to make sure that you know where your Target audience is. This is going to set the stage for everything else you do as a marketer. If you don’t know what a Target audience is, it’s merely people who are the most likely to buy your product. For example, if you sold staplers, your Target market might be teachers or office workers, basically anyone who uses a stapler a lot.
When you know your Target market, you will start to think about where they go on the internet. That way, you do not waste time marketing on sites they don’t even go to! Keeping your Target market in mind is a good way to focus on your goals.
Next, use social media. social media is so fantastic because it is free. You are able to talk to your Target market almost instantly, and they can talk back to you. This is a great way to learn more about them, and to provide them with links back to your site and other information that can help them.
Start a blog. This is also another way to build relationships with your customers. You can also establish yourself as

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.6093235
Retrieved Text: It is very likely that all trading systems began with a price chart, and we come back to a chart whenever we want a clear view of where the market is going. Nowhere can a picture be more valuable than in price forecasting. Elaborate theories and complex formulas may ultimately be successful, but the loss of perspective is easily corrected with a simple chart. We should remember the investor who, anxious after a long technical presentation by a research analyst, could only blurt out, “But is it going up or down?” Even with the most sophisticated market strategies, the past buy and sell signals should be seen on a chart. The appearance of an odd trade can save you a lot of aggravation and money.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.587002
Retrieved Text: When you’re a Network Marketer, at any given time you have two jobs. The first is to make sure that you are recruiting for your downline, and the other is to be certain that you are making your sales of the product. However, a lot of Network Marketers forget about sales in favor of recruiting.
That can lead to problems, because they are not diversifying in the way that makes the most sense for the industry. After all, why have two ways to make money if you only use one way? That’s why this article was written, as a refresher. If you want to learn how to sell as a Network Marketer, keep reading.
The first thing you have to do is to keep your Target audience in mind. Network Marketing training materials usually don’t explain the concept of the Target market very well. A Target market is the group of people who is most likely to use your product. They are not the only ones who use it, but they are the group mostly likely to use the products. When you have a Target market, you are able to make the kind of focused marketing pushes that makes people more likely to buy. Without a Target market, your marketing is going to be vague, broad an ineffective.
How do you know who your Target market is? Think about your product. For example, if you are selling candles, who is more likely to buy those candles? Middle-aged women or teenage boys? Once you know who your Target market is,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.57855
Retrieved Text: Those who watch the oil market have been blindsided by the market equivalent of a fully loaded sixteen-wheeler or even a twenty-four-wheeler. The "truck" was likely driven by Gary Heminger, Greg Garland, or Joseph Gorder. These individuals are, respectively, the chief executive officers of Marathon Petroleum, Phillips 66, and Valero. Their firms' combined market capitalization is around $100 billion. They own refining capacity totaling more than sixteen million barrels per day, almost twenty percent of world capability. So, why were individuals who follow the international oil market blindsided? Because they seem to have forgotten that markets need buyers and sellers. All their attention goes to the sellers when today it should be going to the buyers, especially refiners.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.535462
Retrieved Text: However, although the current UK property market is at its worst ever for some considerable time there are many people who are still willing to buy. Certainly for those who are looking to invest in property this may be the ideal time to do so. With house prices still falling and so many people being faced with homes being repossessed deals are certainly available.
So what are the longer term prospects for the UK housing market? Price Waterhouse Coopers research has run different scenarios, from an increasing market to a declining market. I believe the most likely outcome is for some short term property price reductions and then recovering over the next few years. Therefore a huge collapse in the market may be unlikely, certainly not to a level below 1st quarter 2006 prices, but certainly, there is little potential capital uplift in UK property values for the foreseeable future. First time buyers income needs to catch up and at current rates of wage inflation this could take up to 10 years for UK property to be as affordable in terms of price to income ratio as it was in 1997.
But what of the current state of the UK property market? There remains a demand for competitively priced family housing and affordable apartments below £90,000 in well designed developments. Above averaged price apartments still remain difficult to sell, developers are cutting their prices dramatically. However, this is probably less to do with the market and more in relation to design.
Plus when it comes to the current UK

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.412445
Retrieved Text: Understand a simple truth, most retail traders and investors are not very successful when speculating in markets. Short term traders especially tend to lose money over all. Institutions/market makers tend to do very well overall when it comes to short term trading. So, if you’re a consistent losing retail trader, it’s likely because your thinking and trading like one.
For a while, we have been willing buyers at fresh demand levels in the XLT as the trend is up and price has not reached fresh supply as of the time this trade was taken. Let’s take another look at this buying opportunity in the NASDAQ and get inside the mind of an XLT trader.
Notice the blue line on the chart. This line represents the Globex (US overnight low) low prior to the day session and our early morning XLT. Sitting just below the Globex low is a key demand level (yellow shaded area) I found for our students. We know demand exceeds supply at that level because price could not stay at that level and rallied higher from it. Odds Enhancers 1, 2, and 3 also suggested there was a strong supply / demand imbalance, much more demand than supply. So, XLT students know to buy at that level with a protective sell stop just below it and our appropriate targets above. Next, when the stock market opens at 9:30am EST, the futures volume picks up dramatically as you can see on the bottom of the chart. Once that session got going, the NASDAQ was still above

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.380623
Retrieved Text: Nestle is receiving $25 billion in cash from its sale of Alcon to Novartis. They have already stated that they are looking to do a large acquisition. A blockbuster acquisition of a US company would give a much needed cash injection to the stock market.
Google has $90 a share in cash or $28 billion. Ex-cash their stock trades at about 12 times. A share buyback makes sense, following their search brethren Yahoo who announced a $3 billion share repurchase yesterday.
Steve Jobs has made fun of companies that repurchase stock so a share repurchase is unlikely. However, it does not make sense to hold over $25 billion in cash. A one time dividend or large acquisition might be more likely.
A lot of the large European health care companies have huge piles of cash. They have been very slow in spending it but some US biotech companies are trading at very reasonable levels. An acquisition of a company like Gilead is a possibility now that the stock has fallen so far. More likely someone will take over Biogen or Genzyme which are already dressed up for the dance.
This bit about large companies having mega cash on hand is all the rage amongst the perma bulls on CNBC, etc. That and earnings.
But somebody correct me if I'm wrong here, but it seems to me that I read that this was also a bull talking point during the '30-'32 bear and we see how that worked out.
I'm going to have to go do some research on that to verify or

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.374592
Retrieved Text: It was November 2016. After improbably winning the Republican nomination, Donald Trump was a significant underdog in the general election. Almost every pundit gave him very little chance to win. For those of us who invest in the stock market, that was considered a very good thing. After all, the stock market hates uncertainty. The consensus view among market experts was that in the unlikely scenario that Trump did win, we were in for a significant pullback in the markets. Bridgewater, one of the most widely respected hedge funds, had estimated a 10%+ decline was likely in the event of a Trump victory.
The consensus opinion at the time was pretty obvious. Trump had almost no chance to win (right up until the election he had just over a 10% chance of pulling out a victory) and as a stock investor, you were in for significant problems if he did.
Of course, there ended up being a significant problem with this conventional wisdom. It was 100% wrong. While market pundits saw uncertainty and turmoil as a result of Trump’s election, the market itself saw lower taxes and lower regulation going forward, both of which are significant positives for the market. What should have a big decline according to conventional wisdom instead turned into a major rally.
So what is the lesson of this? Is it that Donald Trump’s policies were the right ones for the stock market? Or is it that stock investors should want Republicans to win the White House? Some people may believe both of those and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.3551445
Retrieved Text: Anyone who’s flipped on cable TV over the past few years likely knows that tiny homes are RED HOT right now. However, few people who have watched them on TV (and likely had a plenty of laughs while doing so) have ever considered that some day they very well may have one to call their own. Such a bizarre concept may very well become a reality for those who decide to enter the World Market 60 Makeovers in 60 Days Sweepstakes. The contest will be awarding the Grand Prize winner with their very own TINY HOUSE and can be entered by going to the World Market Sweepstakes registration page and submitting an email address to complete the available online entry form. Those who want to go over the rule before entering can do so by clicking the Official Rules link located at the bottom right hand side of the page. Please note that the entry period is only open for 60 days beginning on August 2nd, 2018 and ending on September 30th, 2018 (don’t miss out on the chance to finally experience the tiny living lifestyle!).
Anything else I should know about this new World Market Sweepstakes?
It’s worth pointing out that the Grand Prize tiny house comes fully furnished and provides a whopping 200 square feet in total space (tiny living at its finest!). Those who wish to connect with World Market on social media can do so by clicking one of the available icons found at the bottom of the World Market Sweepstakes registration page (Facebook,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.345132
Retrieved Text: We're likely going to have a third-wave rally soon.
We're likely going to have the third wave in the coming hours.
There's an opportunity to have the rest of the third wave.
There's an opportunity to have the third wave in the coming hours.
We're likely going to have the rest of the fifth wave soon.
It's likely that we're going to have an extension in the third wave.
It's likely to have an ending diagonal pattern in the fifth wave.
It's likely to have the third wave soon.
It's likely that wave ii is about to end, so bulls are going to push the pair higher in the short term.
We're likely going to have the rest of the third wave next week.
It's likely that wave (iv) is going to end soon as a zigzag, so we're about to have another decline.
It's likely that we're going to have the rest of wave iii in the coming hours.
It seems like there's a Bullish Wolfe Wave. If so, we're about to have an upward price movement towards the last high.
It's likely that wave 6 of the pattern is going to move on.
Wave ii is about to end, so wave iii is going to begin anytime soon.
An ending diagonal pattern is about to end, so we could face with a massive bullish market in the near future.
It's likely that a zigzag in wave B is going to end soon.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.321255
Retrieved Text: I have more info regarding this. Although the market will proceed as usual, the City wants it cancelled. In fact, I spoke with a City manager yesterday who was at East Lynn emptying the garbage bins, and he indicated that the City had issued a notice to cancel the market. So in short, the market is proceeding despite the City's request not to do so. The main reason for going ahead is likely due to the fact that FMO has already paid the City for a permit to use the park, and the farmers have already paid their yearly fees to sell at the market. Not to mention the fact that these farmers need to sell their products or risk having them spoiled. I certainly agree with FMO to proceed despite the City's objections, which in my view, are unfair.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.29481
Retrieved Text: The new facial recognition system on Apple’s iPhone X is generating a lot of buzz, but a sizeable proportion of iOS users are skeptical about whether they would actually use it, according to new survey findings from Juniper Research’s new report, “Consumer Attitudes to Mobile Banking & Contactless Payments”.
Polling a thousand smartphone users evenly divided across the US and the UK, the market research firm found that over 40 percent of iOS users said they were unlikely to use facial recognition to verify mobile payments. At the same time, 74 percent said they were likely to use fingerprint sensors for authentication.
While that may primarily be a reflection of users’ familiarity with Apple’s Touch ID system – which is still going to be the main authentication mechanism on the new iPhone 8 devices – the survey also found that 62 percent said they were likely to use voice recognition for authentication, a feature that isn’t supported on iOS devices other than through third party apps. Still, it’s worth remembering that Touch ID took some time to really catch on, and Apple has shown a talent for pioneering unfamiliar new technologies in the mass market.
As for the mobile payment services themselves, Juniper Research found that in the US, 73 percent of respondents who are already using services like Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and Android Pay expect to use them more often going forward, while 39 percent of respondents who aren’t already using mPayment platforms expect to start doing so in the future.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.28564
Retrieved Text: Car dealers are growing increasingly concerned about the age profile of their used cars.
The fact that 3 year old plus retail worthy cars are in such short supply, values at a premium and the manufacturers offering such fantastic offers on new cars, is having a marked effect on sales of used cars.
With less used cars in the system this only becomes a problem if there is high demand if not there are enough cars around and therefore supply is not a problem. As we have touched on before, the likely winners in a market such as this will be the non-franchised dealers who have the experience and expertise of dealing in this market. They leave the late plate low mileage volume cars to the franchised dealers which is where their expertise lies and the on-going challenge of trying to spread the risk with their inventories is more apparent with such attractive new car offers.
Of course the big winners are the customers, as if they buy new there are great finance offers and big discounts and if they are cash byers there are great savings to be made on nearly new as dealers are under pressure to turn stock.
Showroom footfall has been at its lowest for perhaps the whole year in the last two weeks, partly from the hangover of a busy end of March and partly the bank holidays.
Although this situation will likely improve dealers are under pressure to move ageing stock on in anticipation of the quieter months ahead.
Many have made predictions on how the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.254056
Retrieved Text: ​​Going forward, three key elements are likely to influence who wins the marketplace.
Over the last 15 years, the advantages of scale have significantly diminished in the consumer markets space in India. Contract manufacturing, organised retail, digital penetration and sourcing transparency have allowed smaller players to set up, operate and thrive in a nimble fashion.
Significant improvements towards ease of doing business, renewed enthusiasm towards entrepreneurship, and ability to identify and target micro segments have allowed players to flood the market with products that cater to specific needs of customers.
Going forward, three key elements are likely to influence who wins the marketplace.
Shorter time-to-market, faster decision making and asset light operating models have allowed newer firms to target unmet or under-realised needs by adding multiple products to their portfolio, and taking course correction measures with minimal loss. In turn, larger organisations have themselves responded by re-engineering legacy processes to cut turnaround times across the value chains. A key lever towards building agility within an organisation will be the ability to collaborate.
Across the value chain, startups as well as non-competing firms are developing expertise which they would be keen to monetise. Another lever to stay agile in the marketplace will be the ability to de-centralise decision making and empower teams to take low risk-high impact decisions independently. The final element of being agile is the business’ ability to acknowledge and accept failures and take early course correction measures. Given the iterative (rather than linear) nature of agility, failure rates are likely to be higher and as long as the direct

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.233941
Retrieved Text: Where is the market going? Who cares?
I have no idea where the market is going? Anyone who says they know definitively and isn’t absolutely rolling in dough is bullshitting you, because, if you are certain the directions of prices in any market, you don’t spend your time talking to people in the media – you go make big bets on Wall Street.
That’s fundamentally why I distrust speculation in general and the single family home market in particular. If there’s no cashflow to underpin the valuation of an asset (or, not nearly enough cashflow to underpin the valuation), then you’re just betting that there’s some idiot coming in behind you who will be willing to pay more than you paid. And you’re somewhat likely to be right… until you are spectacularly wrong.
So, I simply refuse to buy deals where I’m not happy with sitting there and collecting the cashflow in the event I can’t re-sell at my target exit price.
Does this mean I’m invulnerable to shifts in the economy? No, because in a sharp recession, rents can fall enough to screw up my cashflow. But, as long as I’m not over-levered, this is survivable, too (for example, my yield drops from 12% to 8% – not great, but not too bad, either).
If you stick to the strategy outline above (don’t overpay, don’t over-lever), you will miss out in environments where prices are rapidly rising. But you will never crap out when the market turns sour. And that’s the name of this game… staying in it until you

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.218373
Retrieved Text: Last Friday we saw how a collection of sell stops had built up around the 1.10000 level and the 1.09744 level. In the hours leading up to the market close, the price fell into these stops but no up-move took place which could have caused you to think the banks didn’t use the sell stops to get any of their trades placed. Today we have seen the market move higher out of daily buy zone but I still think another move down is going to take place before we see a reversal.
You can see I’ve marked the two prices at which the majority of the sell stops were placed last week. If you check Oanda’s order graph you’ll notice that some sell stops have now built up below the low of today’s move higher. I think we are going to see the market move into the sell zone seen on the image and then fall back to the low of today’s move higher. By the time this has happened more sell stops are likely to have built up below the low because a lot of traders will have entered buy trades under the impression that today’s move higher is in fact a reversal. If the banks make the market fall and spike through the low, they will they be able to get a large number of their buy trades placed into the market using the sell stop orders that will be executed by the low being breached and also they will have additional sell orders coming

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.204051
Retrieved Text: It is no secret that Republicans are not fans of the Affordable Care Act. Last year, they tried and failed to repeal the health care law. And ever since, they've been carving away at it piece by piece. Last December, Congress eliminated the penalty for not having health insurance, effectively getting rid of the mandate that many Republicans despised. And in the spring, President Trump issued new rules making it easier for people to buy cheaper insurance that covers fewer health care services. And now this month, the administration has gone even further. Here to tell us all about it is NPR's Alison Kodjak. Good morning.
ALISON KODJAK, BYLINE: Hi, Renee.
MONTAGNE: What did the president do this month exactly?
KODJAK: So he took two actions, the administration. The Department of Health and Human Services cut the funding for these nonprofit groups that are known as navigators that help people choose their health insurance plans. And then secondly, they suspended what's known as the risk adjustment program, which is a pretty wonky program, but it helps to smooth the bumps in the market for insurance companies.
MONTAGNE: OK. Let's start with those navigators you spoke of. Now, in what way have they been considered quite necessary?
KODJAK: So the navigators give people in-person one on one help to help choose a health plan and to sign up. And, you know, health insurance is very confusing. There's deductibles. There are the premiums. There are copayments, so it's really hard to know what services you're going to get and what it's really going

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.190794
Retrieved Text: Everything is prepared now for the 2018 World Cup, which is being hosted by Russia. With the draw having been made, all the participating teams know what they will be facing in the group stage. They will also perhaps be able to plan a little further ahead and see who potentially they could be meeting in the play off stages of the competition.
It is important to look at the fixtures not only in the group stage, but when it comes to who the team you are thinking about backing for glory, it’s good to be aware of who they could potentially run into after the first stage of action. If for example, the team you are backing is going to bump into Brazil in the round of sixteen most likely, that selection may warrant further consideration.
The World Cup is a feast of summer football and of course, it brings with it some major quality international football betting. Here we look at some of the most popular markets and provide our tips for World Cup 2018 betting.
Thirty-two teams may be entering the fray at Russia 2018, but it is likely that you are really only picking from a four-nation field. Who are they? Germany, Brazil, Spain and France. You would expect all of them to be knocking around the semi final berths. But imagine if those four strongest teams all did, who is likely to come out on top? Germany who won the title four years against Argentina are the 9/2 favourites* (betting odds taken at 8:50

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.184788
Retrieved Text: The extra 22 Billion in USD terms is going to find its way to US based Risk Assets via carry trades from European stimulus Measures. 2060 is the next upside target for the S&P 500 Index, we will have pullbacks and retracements along the way, but we should be considerably higher over the next 6 weeks in Risk On Assets like equities. I anticipate ultimately putting in a new high sometime over the next 6 months conservatively in the S&P 500, i.e., think in terms of the 2150 area, with a more aggressive upside target of the nice round number of 2200 in the Election Year.
Don`t focus on Energy company earnings as they are going to be awful, keep in mind money has to be stored somewhere, and now an extra $22 Billion a Month needs to find a home in financial markets.
If you are short the market you need a likely catalyst that is new for your cause, your best case outside an unforeseen Geopolitical or Natural Disaster event would be a spike in wages that leads the Bond Market to bust through 2.40% and 2.65% Yield levels on the 10-Year US Treasury Bond, and ultimately blow through the 3% line in the sand where the Bond Market is susceptible to crash scenarios from a price standpoint.
If we are wrong in this analysis the likely reason is that we are stuck on the latest move in a "Trader`s Market" expecting continuation, and in fact we are one move behind, i.e., the shorts expecting more continuation

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.173728
Retrieved Text: The Fed signaled four likely rate increases this year, instead of only three, and this is likely to have a meaningful impact on the yield curve and specific sectors of the market, Oppenheimer's Ari Wald recently explained on our Financial Sense Newhour podcast.
The short end of the yield curve — which is more correlated to Fed policy — will continue to rise and, in turn, we’ll continue to see the yield curve flatten.
“If we examine the relationship between the yield curve and the value-versus-growth relative relationship, it's been very closely correlated in recent years,” Wald said.
The recent strength we’ve seen in the dollar is going to hurt investors who own dollar-denominated ETFs that track both developed overseas markets and emerging markets.
We’re likely to see U.S. outperformance, Wald noted, both in local currency terms and dollar-denominated terms. This argues for investing in the U.S. rather than overseas equities, he added.
Consumer discretionary is also doing surprisingly well overall, both in cap-weighted and equal-weighted segments.
This area of the market had been an underperformer from 2015 to 2017 and is really taking a noticeable leg up with traditional retailers such as Macy’s and Home Depot, in particular, leading the way.
Though we’re seeing signs of late cycle market action, this doesn’t mean equities are a bad bet here. The trick is likely to be picking the right index, or picking individual stocks here.
At some point, we will see the yield curve invert, Wald noted, which usually means a recession is around a year away, but he noted that we’re not there

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.162665
Retrieved Text: >> Now the value of a naira on the interbank market has passed the 300-to-the-dollar mark. And that's an all-time low. And that's the result of the dollar scarcity. My name is Alexis Akwagyiram, I'm Senior Reuters Nigeria Correspondent, and I'm reporting from Lagos. Now, the impact on every day Nigerians is that, it's pushed up inflation.
In June, inflation hit 16.5%, which is a ten year high. On top of that the British community, entrepreneurs, people who import, they can't get hold of Dollars either. And they still can't, even though the packet's been removed. So for them, they are still going through the black market to source their dollars.
And they're paying around 375 naira to the dollar, which makes it incredibly hard for them to do anything. Because this is a country where almost everything is imported. We're talking about rice, wheat, most foodstuffs, even toothpaste. So the question is what happens next. Well first of all, there's the issue of recession.
mean this newspaper sums it up. You've got concerns about Naira at the top and below that, an admission by the Finance Minister yesterday to lawmakers that the country is technically, essentially already in recession. There was the first quarter of the year in which there was negative growth.
And the second quarter looks likely to be the same. Secondly, inflation looks likely to continue rising and rising, unless something is done. So the Central Bank Is meeting next week, and most analysts agree that they're likely to raise the benchmark interest rate in a

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.133744
Retrieved Text: If you’re putting your home on the market, especially if you live in an area where prices are going up and buyers are competing for homes, you may be tempted to try listing it at a high price just to see if you can get it.
Experienced Realtors will tell you that pricing your home appropriately from the beginning is critical to getting it sold quickly and at the best price. Research shows that overpricing your home and then dropping the price several times while it languishes on the market usually leads to selling it at a much lower price than what you originally should have asked for it. The longer a home stays on the market, the deeper the discount is likely to be off the original price.
For example, according to McEnearney Associates, a McLean, VA, real estate company, homes that sold in August 2013 within their first week on the market sold for an average of 2.08 percent above list price. Homes that lingered on the market for four months sold for an average of 11.53 percent below their original price.
Many homeowners want to set their list price based on what they paid for their home, the balance of their mortgage, or on the profit they want to make so they can move into another home. In reality, your home is worth only what the market will bear. If you price your home too high, some potential buyers won’t want to look at it at all, while others will simply walk away without making an

================



======= Instance Index 6542 =========
Input Text: What is a type of hill?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- mountain
- flat land
- pool
- valley
- flat ground

Target Text: mountain

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.151941
Retrieved Text: If you’re in the market to add or repair siding on your home in Cedar Hill, TX, you need the assistance of our company. When you let us assist you with your home siding needs, you’ll receive superb customer service, the opportunity to choose from an incredible selection of siding options, and unbeatable pricing in Cedar Hill, TX. Be sure to look at our price estimator tool below or give our staff a call at 866-251-8412 to learn how much we can save you on home siding in Cedar Hill, TX.
This cost is based on an industry average of what customers in Cedar Hill, TX should spend on home siding repair. Prices will vary based on type of siding and/or if new siding is required in Cedar Hill, TX.
Price is based on an average of what our Cedar Hill, TX customers should spend on home siding repair. Prices may vary based on type of siding, demand, and the date of installation in Cedar Hill, TX.
At Give Me Back, we have negotiated special rates with home siding businesses in Cedar Hill, TX to save you money! Prices will vary based on siding style, time of installation and demand in Cedar Hill, TX.
To see how much you can save on home siding in Cedar Hill, TX call 866-251-8412 today!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.588333
Retrieved Text: Lauryn Hill has graced her die-hard fans with new material, “Consumerism”. Hill has recently been in the media due to her time spent in prison for tax evasion, and what better way to celebrate your release than doing what you love to do.
“Consumerism” is more than just a song, but rather an attack on every social ill Ms.Hill, or anyone else, could possibly think of. The message was very Lauryn Hill, who is known for making music with a meaning, with songs like “Doo Wop (That Thing)” and “Lost Ones”. Hill is not generally the type to create superficial records, which sets her apart from many artist today.
The song’s release was accompanied by a letter written by Lauryn Hill herself, which can be read below.
Tags: Consumerism, Fugees, Lauryn Hill, Letters From Exile, Music, New Music, Tax evasion, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.516406
Retrieved Text: Here The Hill Primary School, Peppard Road, Caversham, Reading, RG4 8TU, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
The open date and status above indicate when The Hill Primary School opened or when it changed to its most recent incarnation, with a number of schools converting to academies in recent years. Where schools have changed type recently, data for previous years covering their previous incarnation is included below as well - so a school may have a status of New due to converting to an academy but have data for previous years prior to conversion.
What type of school is The Hill Primary School?
How The Hill Primary School scores on each indicator.
The Hill Primary School has been rated as Good at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
How does The Hill Primary School perform on each of the areas inspected by Ofsted? As of September 2012, a score of 3 changed from indicating Satisfactory to Requires Improvement.
In 2018, 79% of pupils at The Hill Primary School reached the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
How have pupils at The Hill Primary School done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does it compare to local authority and national averages?
While pupils are generally aiming to be working at the expected level in reading, writing and maths, what proportion of children at The Hill Primary School had a high score in reading and maths and were working at greater depth in writing, and how does this compare to performance

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.479061
Retrieved Text: Here Castle Hill Primary School, Abbotswood Road, Brockworth, Gloucester, GL3 4NU, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
The open date and status above indicate when Castle Hill Primary School opened or when it changed to its most recent incarnation, with a number of schools converting to academies in recent years. Where schools have changed type recently, data for previous years covering their previous incarnation is included below as well - so a school may have a status of New due to converting to an academy but have data for previous years prior to conversion.
What type of school is Castle Hill Primary School?
How Castle Hill Primary School scores on each indicator.
Castle Hill Primary School has been rated as Outstanding at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
How does Castle Hill Primary School perform on each of the areas inspected by Ofsted? As of September 2012, a score of 3 changed from indicating Satisfactory to Requires Improvement.
In 2018, 86% of pupils at Castle Hill Primary School reached the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
How have pupils at Castle Hill Primary School done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does it compare to local authority and national averages?
While pupils are generally aiming to be working at the expected level in reading, writing and maths, what proportion of children at Castle Hill Primary School had a high score in reading and maths and were working at greater depth in writing, and how does this compare to performance

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.364586
Retrieved Text: Get Behind the Wheel of a New Jaguar F-PACE, Jaguar F-TYPE, Jaguar E-PACE, Jaguar XE or Jaguar I-PACE in Cherry Hill Today!
We know that finding your ideal car is an adventure. There are a plethora of options that are available to Cherry Hill, Voorhees, Mount Laurel, Philadelphia, PA, or Moorestown, NJ, drivers, and finding the one that best matches your style and needs is an exciting mission. At Jaguar Cherry Hill, we're equipped with a wealth of knowledge pertaining to the new Jaguar F-PACE, Jaguar F-TYPE, Jaguar E-PACE, Jaguar XE and Jaguar I-PACE models available so that we can help you find a vehicle that embodies exactly what you're looking for, easily.
In fact, during your visit to Jaguar Cherry Hill serving Voorhees, Mount Laurel, Philadelphia, PA, and Moorestown, NJ, drivers, our team is available to arrange more than a thrilling test drive. At your leisure, we're happy to discuss feasible Jaguar financing opportunities, to help you get started down the path to ownership, today.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.350631
Retrieved Text: Here Canada Hill Community Primary School, Abbotsridge Drive, East Ogwell, Newton Abbot, TQ12 6YS, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
The open date and status above indicate when Canada Hill Community Primary School opened or when it changed to its most recent incarnation, with a number of schools converting to academies in recent years. Where schools have changed type recently, data for previous years covering their previous incarnation is included below as well - so a school may have a status of New due to converting to an academy but have data for previous years prior to conversion.
What type of school is Canada Hill Community Primary School?
How Canada Hill Community Primary School scores on each indicator.
Canada Hill Community Primary School has been rated as Outstanding at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
How does Canada Hill Community Primary School perform on each of the areas inspected by Ofsted? As of September 2012, a score of 3 changed from indicating Satisfactory to Requires Improvement.
In 2018, 92% of pupils at Canada Hill Community Primary School reached the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
How have pupils at Canada Hill Community Primary School done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does it compare to local authority and national averages?
While pupils are generally aiming to be working at the expected level in reading, writing and maths, what proportion of children at Canada Hill Community Primary School had a high score in reading and maths and were working at

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.339008
Retrieved Text: Here Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School, Wisden Road, Stevenage, SG1 5JD, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
The open date and status above indicate when Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School opened or when it changed to its most recent incarnation, with a number of schools converting to academies in recent years. Where schools have changed type recently, data for previous years covering their previous incarnation is included below as well - so a school may have a status of New due to converting to an academy but have data for previous years prior to conversion.
What type of school is Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School?
How Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School scores on each indicator.
Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School has been rated as Good at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
How does Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School perform on each of the areas inspected by Ofsted? As of September 2012, a score of 3 changed from indicating Satisfactory to Requires Improvement.
In 2018, 73% of pupils at Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School reached the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
How have pupils at Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does it compare to local authority and national averages?
While pupils are generally aiming to be working at the expected level in reading, writing and maths, what proportion of children at Trotts Hill Primary and Nursery School had a high score in reading

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.06515
Retrieved Text: We are the primary bath restoration as well as bath re enameling company in Winchmore Hill. We provide our customer with a professional bath re enamelling provider, as well as outstanding customer provider. In the particular matter regarding bath tubs, not one person understands further then our team Our consumers agree that actually our staff are one of the most recommended bath re enameling firm in Winchmore Hill.
We here at Superior Bath Repair Winchmore Hill are here to help therefore when shoppers do need any sort of questions or anything at all you would certainly love to know concerning the procedure of bath enameling don't wait to give us a call. Even when you would just like a bit of complimentary information regarding if you must switch ones bath or the best approach to maintain ones bath looking shiny and clean.
Each crack restoration around Winchmore Hill our staff carry out is individually prepaired on location. You will find no set tints. Each bath restoration, sink repair, shower tray repair and tile repairs tend to be specific. Our Team have the understanding to match them flawlessly. Our Team can typically fix just about any bath tub or sink no problem at all, regardless of what type it is, it does not need to be red. Unnoticeable chip repair is an technique. What our staff do and it requires a really good eyesight and lots of knowledge.
Our Team a lot of bath repairs as well as chip repairs near Winchmore Hill for development organizations, kitchen organizations as well

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.058396
Retrieved Text: NW3 Primrose Hill Leather & Suede Upholstery Cleaning | RDA Cleaning & Maintenance Ltd.
Upholstery requires delicate and special care for cleaning and maintenance. Preserving the bright shades and keeping the furniture soft are chores you also need to take under consideration. Our professional upholstery cleaning company in Primrose Hill NW3 offers you a variety of solutions you can benefit from of. Do not hesitate to give us a call on this phone number 020 3404 1646. Our polite customer support representatives respond to customers 24/7! Get a free quote today and ask for our quality domestic and office cleaning services. You won’t be disappointed!
Our Upholstery Cleaners Primrose Hill NW3 Can Remove All Spot Types!
Regardless of what the stain on your upholstery is, we will be happy to remove it. Book our professional upholstery cleaners Primrose Hill NW3 right away! Pre-treating of all stains, high traffic areas and dirt patches with the proper detergents. There are detergents for coffee stains, fruit stains, makeup stains, etc. Check out now the entire list of upholstery types we clean: couch or settee, Traditional sofa, Convertible sofa, Loveseat, Divan, Settee, Sectional sofa, Sofa bed, Hide-a-bed, Couch bed, Sleeper sofa.
What makes us so successful in domestic sofa & chair cleaning in Primrose Hill NW3 is the fact that our sanitizing formulas work on all types of sofas. No matter what your upholstery type and material is, we can easily remove the stains, eliminate the bacteria and reduce the dust to the minimum. This is why we begin the procedure by estimating the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.031675
Retrieved Text: As A Mossley Hill Painter Our Work Is Guaranteed. Our Service Is Friendly, Clean And Professional.
Merseyside Painting The Painters And Decorators In Mossley Hill, We Guarantee All Projects To Have A Perfect Finish, Be Completed On Time And With As Little Fuss As Possible.
Our Time Served Mossley Hill Decorators Can Complete To A High Standard Any Type Of Painting Project Including Commercial, Industrial, Domestic, Contract, Insurance, Property Refurbishments, Renovations And Much More.
Looking For Expert Painting And Decorating Mossley Hill For Interior And Exterior Projects Then Please Call Us On 0151 328 0039 To Discuss Our Approach Further And Arrange A Fast, Free, Friendly Quotation At A time That Suits You From Merseyside Painting The Mossley Hill Painters.
Not Sure What Colours To Use! Not Quite Ready To Re-Decorate! Have A Project In Mind And Would Like To Talk About It With One Of The Best Painter Decorator Mossley Hill Has To Offer Then Don’t Hesitate Call Us Today The Number 1 Decorator Mossley Hill – Merseyside Painting.
We Are One Of The Few Local Painter And Decorators Based In Mossley Hill That Offer The Service We Do That Cater Completely To The Needs Of Our Customers. A Happy Customer Is What We Alway Strive To Have, And Virtually All The Time We Do. If You Are Ever Un-Happy With Anything We Do, We Will Make The Revisions Until You Are. This Is What Makes Us One Of The Best Painters Merseyside Has To Offer.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.001893
Retrieved Text: Casket sprays offer a final tribute to a departed loved one. It's beauty and elegance sets the tone of the funeral service. There are two types of casket arrangements: full couch and half couch. Full couch is for a closed casket, and half couch arrangements are typically used for an open casket. Flowers for cremation services are also available. For any type of funeral flowers in the Spring Hill area, THE IVY COTTAGE is here to help.
A sympathy arrangement is the perfect way to say what you need without saying anything at all. Flowers uplift spirits and remind us of happier occasions. For sympathy arrangements or any type of funeral flowers in Spring Hill FL, THE IVY COTTAGE is here for you.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.981743
Retrieved Text: Browse Relevant Sites & Find Definition Of Mountain Vs Hill. All Here!
Mountain vs Hill . Due to a thin line of difference between mountain and hill the words mountain and hill cannot be used as synonyms. This should be emphasized because mountain and hill are two words in the English language that are often used as interchangeable words.
Difference between Hill and Mountain. Tweet. Key Difference: There is also no universal definition between the two. A lot of countries differentiate using the height, with any land form that exceeds 2,000 feet is considered a mountain and below 2,000 feet is considered as hill.
Difference Between Mountain and Hill • Categorized under Nature | Difference Between Mountain and Hill. Mountain vs Hill. The surface of the earth is covered with different terrains. Different bodies of water and different landforms. The earth’s landforms are classified according to elevation, stratification, slope, rock exposure and soil type.
A mountain is a large landform that rises above the surrounding land in a limited area, usually in the form of a peak. A mountain is generally steeper than a hill. Mountains are formed through tectonic forces or volcanism.These forces can locally raise the surface of the earth. Mountains erode slowly through the action of rivers, weather conditions and glaciers.
What is the Difference Between a Mountain and a Hill?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.957411
Retrieved Text: Here St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill, High Road, Buckhurst Hill, IG9 5RX, is put into focus to show its scores in relation to other schools in the area.
The open date and status above indicate when St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill opened or when it changed to its most recent incarnation, with a number of schools converting to academies in recent years. Where schools have changed type recently, data for previous years covering their previous incarnation is included below as well - so a school may have a status of New due to converting to an academy but have data for previous years prior to conversion.
What type of school is St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill?
How St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill scores on each indicator.
St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill has been rated as Good at its most recent Ofsted inspection.
How does St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill perform on each of the areas inspected by Ofsted? As of September 2012, a score of 3 changed from indicating Satisfactory to Requires Improvement.
In 2018, 82% of pupils at St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill reached the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
How have pupils at St John&apos;s Church of England Voluntary Controlled Primary School, Buckhurst Hill done in assessments at the end of Key Stage 2 and how does

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.956678
Retrieved Text: Superior Bath Repair Forest Hill has long been serving property owners and Commerical with bathtub repairs, tub Resurfacing and more all through Forest Hill and also surrounding neighborhoods and boroughs within the Forest Hill area. If you are searching for a professional to renovate your own bath tub or shower, you have arrived at the perfect destination.
Our Company uses exclusively top-end bath tub repair techniques. The Forest Hill Bath Tub repair group are amazingly devoted, qualified and thoroughly professional in bath tub repairs, sink repairs, chip repairs, wash room repairs and obviously bath tub re enameling.
Our Team at Superior Bath Repair Forest Hill are definitely available to help and so if individuals do need any kind of queries or anything you would prefer to find out about the procedure of bath tub enameling do not hesitate to give us a call. No matter if individuals might just like a bunch of 100 % free assistance on if one should modify your own bath tub or the absolute best method to maintain your own bath tub looking glistening and fully clean.
Each And Every scratch repair in Forest Hill our team complete is hand matched on location. You'll find no set colors. Most bath tub repair, sink repair, shower tray repair and tile repairs have always been individual. Our Team have the understanding to complement them flawlessly. Our Team can generally correct just about any bath tub or sink no problem, despite what type it is, it doesn't necessarily ought to be red. Unnoticeable scratch repair is a

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.9281845
Retrieved Text: Superior Bath Repair Gants Hill has long been serving property owners and Commerical with bathtub repairs, tub Resurfacing and more all through Gants Hill and also surrounding neighborhoods and boroughs within the Gants Hill area. If you are searching for a professional to renovate your own bath tub or shower, you have arrived at the perfect destination.
Our Company uses exclusively top-end bath tub repair techniques. The Gants Hill Bath Tub repair group are amazingly devoted, qualified and thoroughly professional in bath tub repairs, sink repairs, chip repairs, wash room repairs and obviously bath tub re enameling.
Our Team at Superior Bath Repair Gants Hill are definitely available to help and so if individuals do need any kind of queries or anything you would prefer to find out about the procedure of bath tub enameling do not hesitate to give us a call. No matter if individuals might just like a bunch of 100 % free assistance on if one should modify your own bath tub or the absolute best method to maintain your own bath tub looking glistening and fully clean.
Each And Every scratch repair in Gants Hill our team complete is hand matched on location. You'll find no set colors. Most bath tub repair, sink repair, shower tray repair and tile repairs have always been individual. Our Team have the understanding to complement them flawlessly. Our Team can generally correct just about any bath tub or sink no problem, despite what type it is, it doesn't necessarily ought to be red. Unnoticeable scratch repair is a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.908603
Retrieved Text: What type of educational curriculum or programs do you offer?
The Oak Hill School has 10 classrooms located within public schools and community sites throughout northern Connecticut. Classroom locations are in Avon, Bristol, Hartford, Hebron, Higganum, New Britain (three classrooms), New Hartford, and Plainville. Both the public school and community sites facilitate functional academics, independent living skills and vocational training; art and music therapy; and integration within the community.
Who are the people that will work with my child?
Are your teachers, therapists, and medical professionals trained and licensed?
What is your staffing ratio (student to teacher)?
Does Oak Hill have access to technology and adaptive devices?
Yes, the Oak Hill School has access to the latest technological advances serving the needs of students with multiple disabilities, including Assistive Technology Specialists from the NEAT Center at Oak Hill.
How do I enroll my child at Oak Hill School?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.86872
Retrieved Text: Getting a tree removed by a qualified and insured professional in Box Hill is not always a straight forward process. There are council regulations to deal with, a mine field of companies that are either too expensive or have no idea what tree removal they are doing.
In this article, I am going to look at why some companies charge more than others, and how to secure a better price on tree removal Box Hill by a quality tree service company to do your job at rock bottom prices.
You see all tree removal companies around Box Hill have lean and busy periods of work which actually affects how they price jobs.
Do I need council approval for tree removal Box Hill?
White Horse council do allow for tree removal Box Hill without council consent.
Certified arborist in the Box Hill and surrounding areas need to all abide by the Australian standards when carrying out tree management work.
Depending on your council, it can be tough to get approved to remove a tree in Box Hill. If it’s a healthy specimen and not causing any damage to your home, then it makes it even harder.
What does tree lopping Box Hill cost?
There are many factors that make up cost of tree lopping Box Hill. Not only the height and spread of the tree, but also its location on the property, access, surrounding buildings or fences, type of tree/ timber etc.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.842988
Retrieved Text: Life is so fast-paced these days. And while even the most health conscious citizens would rather cook a scrumptious meal in their own kitchen ever day, they sometimes just don’t have the time. The daily struggle to maintain health and beat the perpetual time crunch is why it’s important for neighborhood restaurants to provide good food and wholesome meals. Luckily, more and more eateries are providing meals with healthy, local ingredients. One such place is Ellary’s Greens, in New York City.
Leith Hill, New Orleans native and CEO of Wisdom Foods LLC, founded Ellary’s Greens. Hill created the restaurant so every-day eaters could easily embrace a healthier lifestyle. Hill&apos;s ultimate goal is to create good food that allows people to live better. Hill truly believes that what we put in our bodies directly affects what we do, how we feel, and how we think. Healthy eating, after all, is the foundation for maintaining a happy and balanced lifestyle!
The restaurant’s overall goal is to serve natural and organic foods that will satiate any type of diet. (And Hill means any type of diet -- her restaurant caters to the I’ll-eat-anything person and the gluten-free vegan.) Everything the restaurant serves comes from local vendors. So, while all food is organic, some of it is not certified organic.
Overall, the restaurant is about as similar to your own kitchen as it gets. Everything the restaurant serves, including detailed vendor information, as well as server information, can easily be found on Ellary’s website. Hill makes certain to list everything with a name

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.69799
Retrieved Text: Need some professional help building your dream deck in Chapel Hill before the summer ends? Afraid your deck is about to collapse or is in dire need of repairs? Well, Look no further! These wonderful deck designers, builders, and maintenance professionals know how to get the job done right. They offer top-notch services for a reasonable price in your Chapel Hill, TN 37034!
Our professional deck and patio builders know what it takes to not only build a safe structure but also give a beautiful final product. After all, no one wants just some run of the mill deck or patio that can’t withstand the elements! Our professionals in Chapel Hill, TN offer a variety of custom designed deck styles, wood treatments and finishes, wonderful patio designs, and more.
We recommend only the best-licensed professionals in Chapel Hill, TN so that you don’t have to sift through piles of reviews. No matter what type of deck, patio or deck repair you need to be done our professionals knows how to get your needs met guaranteed!
In Chapel Hill, TN our deck and patio builders offer a wonderful list of services ranging from simple deck finishes to entire custom designed deck and patio construction. Need some extra storage in your backyard Chapel Hill? Then try our deck builder’s under deck storage building plan!
Search for: How much does it cost to build a 20×20 deck in Chapel Hill TN 37034 ?
Search for: How much does it cost to build a 12×12 deck in Chapel Hill TN 37034 ?
Search for: How much

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.664063
Retrieved Text: Should you happen to be planning a move to or from anywhere in Rock Hill, SC, we should be your first point of contact in Rock Hill the good thing about our company is we have everything you need to move, from boxes to information we have it all.
Relocation anywhere can be a huge stress and strain on any person’s life. But if you are organized and well prepared then you should have a smooth and hassle free relocation. Our movers have many years of experience and are licensed and trusted with any type of move. You want a committed and professional mover and this is what we can offer you. The reason you want to select us to help you with that next move in Rock Hill is because we are licensed and trusted. Our moving firm is the preferred choice for commercial moving and residential relocating in Rock Hill.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.608551
Retrieved Text: VIP Leaking Water Pipes Repair Clifton Hill plumber repair or replace all types leaking or burst pipes. Fast Easy Permanent leaking Pipes Repairs Clifton Hill.
Do you have a leaking water pipe? Are you looking for the best plumbers in Clifton Hill? You need not to worry because you have actually come to the most rightful place!
At VIP Plumbers Clifton Hill, we have a team of experts who are well trained and have vast knowledge in the repair of any burst pipes. We have all the needed tools and equipment with know-how and professional full of experience in repairing and doing any replacements to your leaking and burst pipes within the same day.
Rehau is one of the leading European brands of bendable plastic pipes used mainly for hot and also cold water application. These type of pipes are resistant to freezing, and are also heat resistant, they are highly durable, and hugely versatile and are very simple to install, their usage makes a very good option whenever you are having the water system in your home replaced using new materials. If at all this is the kind of job that you actually need done, or maybe you already probably have Rehau type of pipes and they have started leaking, then it is time you got in touch with Plumber Clifton Hill for us to get over to your site and provide you with expert Leaking Water Pipes Repair service in Clifton Hill to ensure that your leaking pipes end up being fixed within a short notice of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.579607
Retrieved Text: It's better to be over the hill than under it! These baskets are perfect for taunting your aging friends and loved ones! The Over the Hill Basket includes great gag gifts such as prune juice, nose-hair tweezers and body feather dusters! These baskets are fun and embarassing, which is what every birthday should be!
As shown, this basket is $35 but price will vay with type and number of treats.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.562673
Retrieved Text: What is Express Modular? Express Modular is a nationwide modular home provider that helps you build your new custom home and do it at the best value possible. How? By giving you access to our nationwide network of state-of-the-art facilities that lead the industry in modular home design and quality for custom home building in California. You can refine your search through our modular home plans in Mokelumne Hill, California by price, style, number of bedrooms, number of bathrooms, type of home (Including Two Stories, Chalets, Ranches, Cape Cods, Cabins), and more. Use our interactive pricing search tool to refine your search based on the estimated finished price of your new custom modular home in Mokelumne Hill and across other nearby Mokelumne Hill zip codes. See local new home trends and view our Mokelumne Hill Moving Resource Guide to view demographics, local activities and information for local school districts. Contact your New Home Consultant to learn about Mokelumne Hill mortgages from multiple lenders and mortgage brokers to finance your home purchase.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.538729
Retrieved Text: Kymberlee Hill, graduating senior computer science major and co-founder of Curl IQ, will be hosting a workshop at this year’s upcoming Broccoli Con on April 25 and 26. What initially began as a research project, Curl IQ has now transformed into a passion project for Hill.
Curl IQ came about to solve a problem many black natural women face, how to properly take care of their hair. She combined her love for technology and desire for women of color to be “big, bold, and beautiful” to create the company and in the same process tackle a problem that has spanned centuries.
Curl IQ is a company that utilizes “computer vision,” a field of artificial intelligence that teaches computers how to interpret and classify images, to help its users make better and wiser decisions on hair products, regimens and stylists based upon their unique hair type. With the technology created by Hill and her partner Yemariam Mamo along with the help and supervision of Doctors Gloria Washington and Legand Burge, an individual simply takes a picture of their hair and Curl IQ instantly matches their hair type and generates a personalized list of needs, recommendations and solutions. The technology is one of kind, so much so that a University of Maryland at College Park professor that Hill approached told her that the technology was “too small of a niche” with her field. While these words were discouraging, they proved to be more motivating than otherwise.
In January, Hill received news that she would be hosting a workshop at Broccoli Con.
“Broccoli

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.481469
Retrieved Text: Binion Bay Caravan & Camping Facility is located in Clonmany, Donegal, which is along the Wild Atlantic Way route. Nestled beneath Binion Hill with spectacular views all round. We are a small informal family run caravan and camping facility which caters for Motor Homes, Touring Caravans, Tents and Static Mobile Homes.
We enjoy what we do, we are passionate about our area and we love where we live! So, we would like to invite you to come stay with us and explore the many beautiful hills, beaches, walks and activities in our locality. It really is Wild and Wonderful ! See what we see, feel what we feel ! If it’s peace you are after, we have it in abundance !
When you are here, you can hike up Binion Hill, Reachtain Mhor Hill, Bullbin Hill, Dunaff Hill or Urris Hills, it’s a hill walkers paradise. However you don’t have to be an advanced hillwalker, this really is a good place to start! There is plenty to see and do such as spend a day to visit to Glenevan Waterfall Park or Doagh Famine Village. If you fancy a round of golf, well where better than host to the Dubai Irish Open Golf competition, Ballyliffin Golf Club! Participate in watersports, horseriding, or find out about history in Doagh Famine Village or simply stroll on a beautiful, peaceful beach. Visit Glendowen Crafts for an authentic Irish gift for yourself or someone else. When you have mustered up a hunger there is a variety of eateries such as World Famous

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.454436
Retrieved Text: Superior Bath Repair Crews Hill ended up being developed as being a family run bathtub repair service. Every restoration our team works on is carried out to the finest expectations with our experienced technicians in Crews Hill.
Our Team makes use of specifically top of the range tub repair techniques. Our Crews Hill Tub repair group are amazingly dedicated, skilled and thoroughly professional in tub repairs, sink repairs, nick repairs, shower repairs plus naturally tub enamelling.
Each scratch repair near Crews Hill our staff complete is hand matched on site. There are no set tints. Each tub repair, sink repair, shower tray repair and tile repairs have always been personalized. Our Team have the practical knowledge to complement them flawlessly. Our Staff can generally fix just about any tub or sink no problem, regardless of what type it is, it doesn't always have to be grey. Invisible chip repair is a great technique. What our staff do and which takes a very effective eyesight and lots of experience.
Our Team countless tub repairs plus chip repairs near Crews Hill for development firms, kitchen firms plus personal households. Our Team are happy to take on almost any challenge.
Superior Bath Repair do lots of sink repairs near Crews Hill. Here is an sample of a sink repair we accomplished for a client following a very long time of neglect. Our Team were required to fully re enamel the full sink within this instance as this couldn't be completed being a chip repair.
Each scratch repair near Crews Hill our staff complete is

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.445562
Retrieved Text: Globe Pendant ACOT1 1 Finish Matte Chrome Shade Color Alcott Hill Carvalho 1 Light R. Buy 1 Light Wall Sconce By Alcott Hill Shop 1 Light Wall Sconce By Alcott Hill Shop 1 Light Wall Sconce By. Condition New.
Globe Pendant Finish Matte Chrome Glass Color Blue. Brunswick County has adopted new flood maps and amended the County's Flood Damage Preven. Carvalho 1 Light Monopoint Pendant with Canopy Canopy Bulb type Kiss Canopy Halogen Finish Bronze Glass Color Red. 1 01 Carvalho is smooth on the outside but when illuminated will display speckled. Ended 10 01 0 0 AM PST. Hill Pendant By Alcott Hill at the best price Looking for a Hallway Lighting that expresses your own unique style? Carvalho is smooth on the outside but when illuminated will display speckled. Metal Empire Wall Sconce Shade By Artemide. Globe Pendant ACOT1 1 Finish Matte Chrome Shade Color Globe Pendant By Alcott Hill. ON SALE TODAY! Review Carvalho 1 Light Globe Pendant Alcott Hill from this list of stores. Promotional Results For You. You will be surprised to find out how convenient the product can be and youll. Find cheap Carvalho 1 Light Globe Pendant By Alcott Hill from this point. Ca Great Deals on all Lighting products with Free Shipping on most stuff even the big stuff. Oct 0 01 Hours T W R 10 F 10 Sat 10 1. Bloomsbury Market Hepworth 1 Light Cone Pendant Shade Color Clear Finish Chrome. For all Alcott Hill monopoint canopies and low or line voltage tracks with the.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.442601
Retrieved Text: #1 House Buying Company In CHAPEL HILL, NC. Sell your house fast for cash! 919 864-1088 We buy houses As-Is Regardless of repairs needed.
WE BUY HOUSES IN CHAPEL HILL, NC!
You have a house in CHAPEL HILL, NC. that you are looking sell, and our company specializes in buying houses that people are having trouble to sell… You’ve tried to sell your house here in CHAPEL HILL, NC, but are running into roadblocks. It can all be a very stressful, long, and tedious process, and most of the time, after paying the agent fees, you may still be coming out under.... That's where we come in! We will do our very best to make sure this process is as easy and painless as it can be.
We can buy your CHAPEL HILL, NC house. Contact us today!
Our sole purpose is to put you back in a situation of control when it comes to selling your house, by proving all of the possible options available for your particular situation right now. Get a no obligation offer for you house as-is RIGHT NOW, Fill out Our form and we will contact you as soon as we can, if you would like immediate assistance Call the #1 house buying company in CHAPEL HILL,NC at 9198641088.
If your goal is to sell a CHAPEL HILL, NC House fast, give Nc HomeBuyers a call now or fill out the form at the end of this page. We are the #1 house buying company in the entire Wake County and we specialize in solving every

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.412079
Retrieved Text: You want a great automobile to take you around East Blue Hill whether you're traveling for a business or pleasure. See the famous sites around town and pull up in front of the popular restaurants in East Blue Hill. We've answered the most popular questions about car rentals in East Blue Hill. Find out the dos and don'ts of booking a rental car.
How do I find a bargain rental car in East Blue Hill?
These tips can help you save even more on your next car rental in East Blue Hill.
What rental suppliers have agencies in East Blue Hill?
From global names like Ace and Enterprise to budget-friendly brands like Payless and Fox, CarRentals.com has some of the best brands in the business. Read through the reviews to get an idea of which one is best for your next trip.
What type of rental car should I get for my trip to East Blue Hill?
How old do you have to be to rent a car in East Blue Hill?
Generally, the age limit for renting a car in East Blue Hill is 21—the same as it is across the rest of the United States of America. However, you might need to pay a surcharge if you're under 25. Be sure to review the rental agreement to determine what the total will be before you reserve your rental.
Do I need insurance to rent a car in East Blue Hill?
Insurance is always required, no matter where you rent a vehicle. That said, your current car insurance may cover you. Additionally, if you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.395569
Retrieved Text: Edition: 2nd ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata McGraw-Hill, 1997.[Reprinted 2006]Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 627.042 SUB] (13). Checked out (6).
Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata McGraw-Hill, 1994.[Reprinted 2006,2000]Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 551.48 SUB] (29). Checked out (4).
Water resources engineering : through objective questions / K .Subramanya.
Edition: 3rd ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi: Tata McGraw-Hill, c1999Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 627 SUB] (6).
Theory and applications of fluid mechanics / K. Subramanya.
Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : TataMcGraw-Hill Publishing Co. Ltd., c1993 [reprinted 2003]Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 532 SUB] (5). Checked out (1).
Water resources engineering / Larry W. Mays.
Edition: 2nd ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata Mcgraw-Hill, c1994Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 627 SUB] (2).
Edition: 3rd ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata McGraw-Hill, 2008.[Reprinted 2011]Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 551.48 SUB] (62). Items available for reference: [Call number: 551.48 SUB] (5).
Edition: 1st rev. ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata McGraw-Hill, c1986.[Reprinted 1992]Availability: Items available for loan: [Call number: 627.042 SUB] (3).
Edition: 1st rev. ed.Material type: Book; Format: print ; Literary form: Not fiction Publisher: New Delhi : Tata McGraw-Hill, c1982Availability: Items available

================



======= Instance Index 3988 =========
Input Text: How does a human get around?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- homes
- apartment building
- home
- solar system
- bus

Target Text: bus

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.166847
Retrieved Text: Sixteen lanes of human madness. Eight lane highways, thrusting themselves across the city, carrying life, human life, on their personal journeys. That’s what driving in Los Angeles introduces you to. Each vehicle driven; each driven differently, each by a different human being. And as cars move around me, I wonder about etiquette and behaviour on the motorway and how it matches our personal life view?
How do you travel life’s highway? And how does this reflect on your interaction and awareness of other human beings? What does it say about who you are?
Do you stay in your ‘usual’ lane, resolute in your direction and journey, if somewhat oblivious to those fellow human beings around you? You are in your lane, your space, your world. It’s all about you. If anyone else wants to get by, that’s their problem. Life’s a daydream.
Do you tailgate others, keen to get past, to speed on your way, to dominate the road? Do you pressure them, unnerve them, drive them out of your way? The horn works. Maybe you’re loud too? Does aggression and pressure show up in your life?
Do you change lanes without warning? No indication given. Expecting others to second guess your direction and take appropriate avoiding action? Are you unpredictable? Do you have a mind of your own, which others must simply adjust to, if they are to avoid a collision?
Do you undertake? Breaking rules to get ahead? Surprise people by coming up on the inside track? Take advantage of the spaces left by the ‘my lane’ drivers? You’ll

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.900662
Retrieved Text: A $32 billion annual industry, modern day trafficking is a type of slavery that involves the transport or trade of people for the purpose of work. According to the U.N., about 2.5 million people around the world are ensnared in the web of human trafficking at any given time.
What can R.I.S.E. & STAND and supporters do to stop human trafficking?
R.I.S.E. & STAND presents Human Trafficking Facts to help people better know what is going on around them. We collect donations to divide among large organizations that have the power to go in and rescue victims of Human Trafficking. We give support to victims and provide information on how the victims can get the help they need. We listen to your stories and do our best to be there for you when you feel like no one else is.
What Human Trafficking Organizations does R.I.S.E. & STAND donate to?
Love146 works towards the end of child trafficking & exploitation by caring for survivors, prevention & empowering a growing Abolition movement.
Keep checking back as we add more charities and organizations.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.478287
Retrieved Text: There is so much now being written about us all falling prey to our hand held devices and having a constant distraction around us. This environment where we get constantly tugged in multiple directions by alerts, notifications, accessibility and interruptions can bleed over to every aspect of our lives.
If we all take a step back and really, honestly look at how our lives have changed with these powerful devices in our hands we may get a shock. In my opinion we are becoming detached and less human. We have traded our social nature as human beings to become disconnected with each other and easily distracted.
Have you sat in meetings where there is a room of people pretending to participate in the discussion but in reality have their laptop open, their phones in front of them and are blatantly checking them and responding while trying to convince everyone they can ‘multi task’? They cant and they don’t – their minds are elsewhere and all of a sudden our calendar full of meetings is not only a nightmare to manage but we are not getting what we can out of them. People are leaving not understand what has been discussed and decided and the content and decisions will get repeated many times later.
We decide to institute rules around having laptops closed which can last for a short period but what we haven’t realized is when we try to disconnect we become anxious about what we are missing and so don’t concentrate anyway.
Test yourself – put your phone away,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.361822
Retrieved Text: In partnership with Deloitte we would like to personally invite you to the Human Capital Trends event to share our 2018 global and Swiss results based on more than 11’000 survey responses from over 140 countries around the world.
The Deloitte Global Human Capital Trends Report 2018 is one of the largest of its kind. The results are striking and demonstrate how global forces are reshaping the workplace, the workforce, and work itself. New rules reflect the shifts in mind-set, behaviour and actions required to lead, organise, motivate, manage, and engage the 21st-century workforce.
How do I integrate people, AI and robotics to get the job done?
What does work-life-integration mean for the bottom line results?
How are the 21st century careers evolving?
The longevity divident – what does it mean and how do I adjust?
Agility and collaboration is getting more important than ever, how is the virtual workplace adding value, if at all?
These are some of the shifts discussed in our latest research. Interested to find out more?
Come along and join our discussion on the new trends together with our experts and interesting guest speakers.
We look forward to a fruitful discussion followed by networking and an Apéro.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.270735
Retrieved Text: [vc_row][vc_column][vc_empty_space height=”10px”][vc_column_text]I sometimes wonder, how somewhere along the road, we stopped being human and became these emotionless zombies walking around, indifferent to whatever was happening around us, so focused on making our lives perfect, and showing people how perfect our lives are.
But what does being human even mean? I couldn’t give you a precise definition. What I can give you, however, is this statement: our emotions make us human. It’s singing at the top of our lungs to our favorite song. It’s the tears we cry in the dead of night. It’s the anger that makes us slam doors and scream our lungs out. It’s those spontaneous bursts of expression where we can’t help but be ourselves that make us human. It’s the only way we can find purpose. The only way we can survive.
It’s as simple as that. So what happened to us? Why do we hide our emotions so deep inside and create this rock-hard shell to hide the fact that we’re broken inside? Why are we so afraid of being ourselves? It’s because we fear vulnerability. To express ourselves is to show people around us a little bit of what goes on inside of us. It gives them an upper hand because we think we’ve revealed a weakness. But let me be the first to say that being vulnerable is, in fact, not equivalent to being weak. Being vulnerable means that you have the strength to show people what you are. And that takes courage. A lot of it. Because it shows that

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.054749
Retrieved Text: I have a shop! We sell Vinyl, Cd's and cool T-shirts (printed here in England)!
For more information visit the shop itself or scroll down for some FAQs.
Please email tomrosenthalmerch@gmail.com and someone will get back to you asap regarding your problem.
On a normal week (so everything apart from Christmas time) we do a mailout every Tuesday. UK orders will normally get there within a few days, Europe is around a week or so and international around 10 days. These are rough estimations as each country is different.
How can I get a personalised handwritten note from Tom?
Due to touring/live performances starting in 2019 I am currenty not doing personalised notes but one day they may return!
I'm torn between getting some Tom Rosenthal Merch and not getting some Tom Rosenthal Merch?
Human identity is no longer defined by what one does, but by what one owns. But we've discovered that owning things and consuming things does not satisfy our longing for meaning. We've learned that piling up material goods cannot fill the emptiness of lives which have no confidence or purpose.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.053872
Retrieved Text: What does it mean to be a human being? We think, eat, listen to music, create art, go places, etc.
However, what does it mean to be a human being when you get right down to the brass tacks? Does anyone know for sure? Can you tell a difference between a 'good' or 'bad' person? Why? And the better question, how?
These are a lot of questions. One of the foundations of knowledge is searching for the truth. The truth is hard to come by, at times, other times, it is easy as when the sun rises. Searching for the truth within yourself is the life mission of being a human.
Here are a list of questions that you can ask yourself to rate at how you are doing as a human being.
1. Are you happy with yourself?
2. Do you work on improving yourself?
3. Do you think more than just about yourself?
4. Do you help build people up instead of knocking them down?
5. Can you be describe by others with positive adjectives and phrases?
6. Do you help others even when it is hard?
7. Are you creating something to leave the world in a better place then when you were born?
8. Do you push yourself to learn things you have no knowledge about?
9. Do you feel that others want to be around you?
10. After you pass away, what will the world remember the most about you?
There are a lot more questions you can ask yourself, however these will help you with your path. We as humans are not perfect. All

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.022524
Retrieved Text: Land Mammals Questions including "Can you break a lease for rodent problems"
Members of the class Mammalia that live in many of the same places humans do, from the highest, coldest mountain regions to the hottest deserts and rainiest islands. They are warm-blooded vertebrates that have adapted to life on land.
Which dog breeds need a sweater in cold weather?
How do African people deal with elephants being a hazard?
The people affected have tried to use repellents such as pepper toward of elephants. Otherwise, the people may attack the elephant orscare it off with spears and whatever other weapons they have touse.
What series is the dog whisperer on?
How many mice can 1 cat eat?
As many as he wants.
How do zebras change while they grow?
Zebras get charger until they are an adult. There are no otherchanges.
What helps the leopard take down large prey?
What can you get a rat for her birthday?
You could get it a toy and/or a special treat.
What is a good boy dog name for a Yorkshire puppy?
Why does a hibernating animals temperature drop?
I would assume as a way of conserving energy. Kind of like a natural suspended animation.
Do hedgehogs live in Morcco?
How soon can you put flea medication on a puppy?
first you need tp make sure what your applying is age appreotriate.It also depends on the type pf product. Some go between theshoudlers and other go down the entire back and thats if topical.There are pills and collars.
How do baboons defend themselves?
How old do you have to be to be in the Devon Horseshow?
Do warthogs live in

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.875509
Retrieved Text: While the typical argument abortionists use to justify their practice is that a fetus is not an actual human, Parker does not hold that to be true. In a debate with Mike Adams, a pro-life professor at the University of North Carolina, the doctor made a startling admission that he is, in fact, in the business of ending innocent human lives.
When Adams asked how many innocent human beings the abortionist has intentionally killed, he was uncertain but landed on an estimation of around 20,000.
So how does this man reconcile his murderous occupation with his Christian beliefs?
According to Parker, his decision to become pro-abortion occurred after he listened to a speech by Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.872238
Retrieved Text: Human Capital In The Context Of Race, Gender And Geography: How Does It Really Help To Get A Good Job?
Human capital appears to be no longer adequate to explain why some people get good jobs and others get bad jobs. Increasingly, a person's race, gender, class and geographical location seem to be better predictors for the type of jobs people secure. The data that is used to explore the problem comes from a phone survey of Southeastern Michigan conducted during 2002 and 2003. Geographic space definitely affected demographic variables when looking at the makeup of the temporary workforce.
Palmer, Ian, "Human Capital In The Context Of Race, Gender And Geography: How Does It Really Help To Get A Good Job?" (2013). Wayne State University Theses. 242.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.85349
Retrieved Text: Why is your brand (21st Century) NOT on this list????
Are you implying that all these other do not have any of the real thing, but your brand does?
Yes, exactly. Ours does. Theirs do not. Read the ingredients. Hint: If it's hard to find the ingredients on a website it's likely their supplement doesn't have any of the real substance. They don't want you to figure it out so they make it difficult to find the ingredient list. These vendors put a few cents worth of amino acids together and sell them at expensive human growth hormone prices.
Here is a link to something advertised as a human growth hormone supplement. Do you know about this product and is it one of the "30 legitimate" vendors you refer to on your website?
No it's not. There is none of the real substance in this supplement (in spite of its name!).
1. If, as you mention, that deer antler does most of the work, why would I not just buy a bottle of deer antler from New Zealand?
2. What benefits can I expect from taking your regular HGH oral spray that I would not get from taking a deer antler supplement?
3. The ads for deer antler call for 500 mg three times a day. Can I get that much in your HGH Plus? And if not, does it matter?
Your questions are all good ones and revolve around an understanding of homeopathy. For instance, if you had hay fever you could take a drug for relief or you could take a homeopathic

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.831594
Retrieved Text: On September 22, 2015, the Human Services Department presented to the Board a report on public assistance spending.
Download the presentation file by Mark Sizer, Human Services Administrator (1 Mb Acrobat PDF document).
Or watch the presentation as delivered (1:42:46 video excerpt from the September 22 meeting).
Do you have a question around this topic? E-mail us your question at info@co.stearns.mn.us.
Who brings Refugees to the US?
Each October, the President and Congress sets the number of refugees.
How many Refugees come to the US?
Who makes the decision as to the specific number assigned to Stearns County?
US Department of State – Bureau of Population, Refugees & Migration sends a request for assurance of placement to the VOLAGs.
How many Primary Refugees have been assigned to Stearns County annually?
2016 is expecting 215 primary placements.
What is the foreign country of origin breakdown over each of the last five years?
What is the average monetary amount each Refugee has access to when they get to Stearns County?
Does Stearns County talk to the VOLAGS relative to their Refugee Resettlement?
Does Stearns County have special benefits for refugees?
Why do we have to provide Interpreters?
Upon arrival to Stearns County, are refugees placed ahead of the line of others waiting for housing?
Do employers get special subsidies for employing refugees or immigrants?
Do refugees get tested and screened for diseases?
Can refugees and immigrants apply for public assistance?
Yes, just like any other US resident, refugees and immigrants can apply for public assistance benefits at their local county agency. The following programs are administered by county governments. Other programs are administered by other government agencies.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.779029
Retrieved Text: In December, we celebrate Universal Human Rights Month, a time to honor the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights. One of the first objectives of the United Nations was to ‘save succeeding generations from the scourge of war’ and ‘to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights.’ The Universal Declaration of Human Rights was the first step toward that goal. Adopted 70 years ago on December 10, 1948, this declaration consists of 30 articles stating an individual’s basic rights and freedoms such as the right to equality, freedom from discrimination, freedom of thought, and more. The UDHR was the foundation for what would become the International Bill of Human Rights, which was completed in 1966.
How can you honor Human Rights Month? Read the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and think about what this set of freedoms does for you. Find common ground with people around you and take time to learn about a culture that’s different from yours. We have some book recommendations to get you started.
A wonderfully illustrated introduction for children to the articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Encouraged by her father, Malala Yousafzai pursued an education in Pakistan and was shot by the Taliban while riding a bus home from school. This is the story of her journey from a schoolgirl in Pakistan to becoming a Nobel Peace Prize winner.
We all want to think that our judicial system is fair and impartial, but as Just Mercy shows, that is often not the case. Just Mercy examines how racial bias and widespread injustice

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.745858
Retrieved Text: At Priority Learning, we strive to be an online resource for all levels of an organization! That is why we take the time to publish articles each month written by our professional staff as well as exceptional leaders in the field. Over the years we have created a library of leadership articles, business management articles as well as articles on other topics that will help you develop your employees or advance your career.
Empowerment: What does it really take to empower others?
We all carry potential. We all carry burdens. How we explore and move beyond some of our challenges is a wonderful testament to the human spirit.
Straight As won't get you very far unless you know how to get along with yourself and others.
Who is the most powerful woman you know? Do you ever wonder how she does it, and how she became the strong person you so admire?
Men, if you are anything like me, you have been watching and wondering what happened to the lives of the women around us.
Normand Dubreuil told his story with the incredible strength and fortitude of a remarkable man maintaining his sense of hope, belief, and support over a nearly four year battle with a terrible illness.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.713806
Retrieved Text: Home/blog/Roberta Gilbert – Organizations: Just Big Families?
Roberta Gilbert – Organizations: Just Big Families?
Dr. Murray Bowen was an early pioneer in the concept of the family as an emotional unit. He grouped this concept and others into the Bowen Family Systems Theory (FST), which can be extremely useful to leaders.
In FST, we develop a clearer idea of ourselves, our organizations, and our guiding principles, the basis of all values, goals, and directives. The clearer guiding principles are, the clearer vision statements will be. And the better the organization does, the better the leaders do, and the clearer they are about their own guiding principles, which direct the best part of ourselves.
People fight with each other.
They tell each other what to do or act hopeless.
They talk to other people behind the leader’s back (triangling).
Leadership is an opportunity to tackle these situations in their combinations and permutations, and figure out how to position yourself. Much of FST is based on new perspectives on relationships.
Leaders have a lot of influence that they may not be aware of. FST gives us guidelines on conducting ourselves, dealing with the anxious people among us, and dealing with the anxious relationships around us.
FST is a human emotional system, because everybody is interlocked and what one does affects everybody else. It makes inscrutable human phenomena understandable. With a way to think about the difficult situations that leaders address, you can plan your way out of it, which is very reassuring and calming.
When the leader calms down, this affects the entire organization or group of people.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.68345
Retrieved Text: It’s time to get serious about your compassionate leave policy.
Probation in the workplace – how does it work?
How Much Does a Human Resources Manager Earn?
Sensitivity Training in the Workplace – Should You Use It?
The Digital Workplace: How Are Our Work Habits Changing?
Can Artificial Intelligence Program Us To Be Better People?
Do Financial Incentives Actually Change Workplace Behaviours?
Manager or Algorithm: Who Should Make Hiring Decisions?
Why is Customer Service in Hospitality So Important?
The Essential Skills You Need to be a Human Resources Pro!
When Pokémon Go to Work?
How technology has changed Human Resources in the Workplace?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.605321
Retrieved Text: Forget the book, watch the series.
Sawyer is not that good a writer, but his ideas are phenomenal. There's a lot of stumbling around in the book-- mostly via descriptions of the physics that take pages, and descriptions of the characters that don't advance the plot or make us care for the characters any longer or any more than we do.
I was particularly confused by the ending. I'll admit that the physics has to be explained, and that Sawyer does not do a bad job of making it clear what the issue/solution is, but making something compelling and clarifying something are two wholly different approaches. In the ending, however, he makes a point about human consciousness and its existence negating the possibility of consciousness elsewhere in the universe-- and boom, he'd lost me. Seems like an important point, and in conjunction with the setting for the ending, really important to get it just right.
The idea for the novel, however, is what sets it apart-- everyone has a flash forward at the same time and of the same time in the future. How does that affect the world? How does the world respond? How does it affect our thinking about the future? As I said, the series is doing a far better job (we'll see how season 1 ends). Do yourself a favor and skip the reading part.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.563582
Retrieved Text: Human Rights Tattoo | Yes! I want a Human Rights Tattoo, how does that work?
Yes! I want a Human Rights Tattoo, how does that work?
08 Jul Yes! I want a Human Rights Tattoo, how does that work?
We organize Human Rights Tattoo events world wide. If you are interested in joining Human Rights Tattoo you have to pay us a visit at one of our tattoo events in the world.
We have a limited amount tattoos available per event. We work with a first come first serve principle. So if you are determined not to go home without a Human Right Tattoo make sure you get there in time. At arrival you will receive a registration card with your letter on it. You can’t choose your letter but the font and your position on your body is up to you. You can pick a font type from the Human Rights Tattoo fonts catalogue that will be available on the spot. After your tattoo is done we take a super up-close picture of your tattoo that will be published on our website together with your statement. Please think about your statement (in English) upfront. A good statement is personal and gives an insight in your life and your personal relation to human rights. All tattoos and statements will be uploaded on the website.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.541998
Retrieved Text: Can you genetically engineer a chimp to make a human?
You asked us a question. "If we share 98 percent of the same DNA with chimpanzees, could you genetically engineer the rest to make it into a human?"
Okay, Dr. Moreau, settle down. We are not making any human-animal hybrids around here. Even if we wanted to, it does not mean we can.
There is something important that you should realize. We have 98 percent of the same DNA. But, it does not mean we're 98 percent identical.
Look at a banana. A banana shares about 50 percent of the same DNA as humans. But you would never confuse one for the other.
DNA is basically a set of chemical instructions. The instructions tell cells how to make proteins. That in turn, makes us.
Little differences in the instructions can make big differences. And that is not just in how separate species turn out. But, even how members of the same species turn out.
Humans and chimps do share a common ancestor. So, of course we share a lot of the same DNA instructions. The instructions are key for things like opposable thumbs. They are for no tail or relying on sight more than smell. Not to mention the many, many characteristics we share with all mammals.
But we also have big differences. Pound for pound, chimps are stronger. But they cannot throw as well. They can communicate simple ideas. But they do not really get pointing. They make tools out of sticks. We make tools that can sequence DNA.
But hopefully, we will never

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.509285
Retrieved Text: How Long Does HIV Live Outside the Human Body?
One of the most common questions we get is regarding HIV and how long it lives outside the human body. People get concerned about touching someone or something and getting HIV-infected blood on their hands and becoming infected with HIV. Fortunately, HIV just doesn’t infect the human body in that way.
Answer: Studies have proven time and time again that HIV does not survive well outside the human body. In artificially high concentrations produced in the lab, HIV drying that occurs outside of the body reduces the number of infectious viral particles by 99 percent in just a few hours. Since the concentration of HIV in blood or other bodily fluids is much lower, HIV drying outside the human body virtually eliminates all infectious HIV particles therefore making the risk of HIV infection from blood or bodily fluids outside the body essentially zero.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.478492
Retrieved Text: My weekly blog started out showing people how to make tons of money–I do know how to do it having made millions of dollars myself. I have also shown thousands of others how to do it and many have gone right out and used that knowledge to make their own fortunes. However, life is about so much more than making money. Having lots of money certainly does give a person a lot more choices and can enhance one’s life and those around them greatly. But the older I get the more clearly I can see the huge and lasting value we get from other human beings.
Imagine for a few minutes what it would be like if you found yourself all alone in your city wondering if you were the only human on the planet earth. How would you function? I mean other than gathering food and finding shelter, what would you do day to day? I think, like most people, I would spend all the rest of my time trying to find other human beings.
I don’t know about you but I think I would go absolutely crazy after a while if I didn’t find anyone else! Yet, I think it’s so very easy for most of us to take other human beings for granted and not fully realize how very important other people are to our lives. Other people give our lives so much meaning and happiness and push us to do great things. And let’s not forget about the love that we receive and have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.445085
Retrieved Text: Where are Amnesty International members from?
Amnesty International is a movement of more than 7 million people worldwide. Here in New Zealand we have over 80,000 Kiwis supporting us in a variety of ways, from signing petitions and fundraising through to being part of our many passionate local teams.
Amnesty International is fully independent of any government, political ideology, economic interest or religion. We have no political affiliation and do not endorse nor accept funds from governments or political parties.
We are impartial. We do not support or oppose any government or political system, nor do we support or oppose the views of the victims whose rights it seeks to protect.
Amnesty International is concerned solely with the protection of the human rights in every case we take up, regardless of the ideology of the government, opposition forces or the beliefs of the individual.
Who finances Amnesty International's work?
Our funding comes from individuals around the world who believe a better world is possible. We neither seek nor accept any funds from governments or political parties. We accept support only from businesses that have been carefully vetted.
This allows us to maintain full independence from any and all governments, political ideologies, economic interests or religions. This ensures we are able to stand firm and unwavering in our defence of universal and indivisible human rights.
How does Amnesty International get its information?
Our key research is conducted by our International Secretariat, which has offices around the world. We deploy international research teams that each focus on specific regions and issues. Our research here in New Zealand

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.433911
Retrieved Text: Throughout their time studying Geography students will learn about a variety of topics from tectonics to rivers, ecosystems to tourism and everything in between!
All modules centre around enquiry questions; providing opportunities to be independent learners and support progress.
Year 7 – Settlement: How have settlements grown? Why do people live in cities? Migration: How and why do people move? What would it feel like to have to flee your home?
Year 8 – Population: Why is the world’s population expanding? What is China like? How does it manage its population?
Year 9 – Development: How and why are countries interlinked? How can Fair Trade make a difference? How can trade be ethical?
Year 7 – Cold deserts: Why are there threats to the environment? Why are the Polar Regions so important? How can we protect the Polar Regions? World Resources: What are resources? Where are they? How are they at risk?
Year 8 – Tropical Rainforest: Why and how are the worlds vegetation’s different? Why are the tropical rainforest so unique? How far would you go for your beliefs? Does global warming really exist? Global Warming: Fact or fiction? How can this we solved?
Hot deserts: Why are there threats to the environment? Why are the hot deserts so important? How can we manage the challenges of living in hot deserts?
Year 9 – Rivers: How does a rive shape the land? How does a river threaten people and property? Coasts: How does the coast erode the land? How do we defend the land from the sea?
Year 7 – Weather: How is the

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.419219
Retrieved Text: How to let my wig look natural?
There are two basic types of wigs that people can choose to wear: those made ​​from natural human hair and synthetic fibers. These two species has a distinct advantage - human hair wigs can give you a very natural appearance while synthetic wig is a lot easier to budget. No matter which one you choose, you need to take care of them. Here are the method how to make your human hair wig look more natural.
The shiny synthetic lace wigs remind everyone that this is a wig. This rinse is a good choice of human full lace wigs. Apple cider vinegar to get rid of the shiny, soft hair, gentle purification. Per 1 cup, add 1 tablespoon of water you wash your wig. If you wash your wig in a bowl with 8 cups of water, add 8 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar. Why not regularly vinegar? In the acidity of the vinegar helps to break the dirt in wig styling products. However, it does not soften the hair. Natural acidity and enzymes the apples soften hair, get rid of the gloss of the lace wig.
When you dry your full lace wig, brush light sprinkle baking soda. The same effect as apple cider vinegar, baking soda and reduce shine. A teaspoon of baking soda through a full lace wig brush and brush. Please be sure to evenly and thoroughly brush full lace wig. This around the gloss will be the same.
Baking soda is a great way to quickly get rid

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.415537
Retrieved Text: Priya begins by striking the words love, hate, heart, and feel from the computer’s vocabulary, and blocks the internet. It isn’t with malicious intent. She does it on a whim, as with most things: fixing herself tacos at eleven o’clock at night, taking a right instead of a left turn against the advice of her GPS, showing up to her brother’s funeral in bright pink and yellow leopard-print high-tops.
“Your shoes look like they’re wanted for the murder of a Lisa Frank poster,” Demetri said when she first bought them, after nearly shooting Pepsi through his nose.
“You’re just jealous because I look fly, and you’d get shot wearing these around the city,” Priya said.
He did get shot. But it wasn’t over shoes.
I tend to like machine-develops-sentience (or semblance of it) stories. This one was quite well done. I particularly like how the MC's relationship develops with the machine, all with her brother's death as a backdrop. Great juxtaposition.
I liked all of the different things Priya accomplished with her Demi project. She was grieving for her brother, exploring an academic topic, nurturing a friend, exercising her creativity, and more.
Artificial intelligence is one of the topics in science fiction that I still struggle with. I just don't know how to feel about it. How do (and how will) human concepts of morality and emotion apply to a computer? Can human feelings and choices be distilled to code? My brain can't handle it!
How do (and how will) human concepts of morality and emotion apply to a computer?
My philosophy has always

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.399434
Retrieved Text: The surgical site is going to look impressive, no two ways about it. Removal of a limb is a big-deal operation, with lots of stitches and a long, long scar. However, most dogs are up and Removal of a limb is a big-deal operation, with lots of stitches and a long, long scar.... The dog may start to relate that you are angry after he jumps through a screen, but he will not reason that if he just does not jump in the first place you won't get mad. He just knows you are mad after he does it. The only way to make the dog realize this is to catch him in the act.
Good hygiene, proper equipment, enough physical activities are the preconditions for a healthy lifestyle, no matter if you are a human or dog.... If either of the dogs barks, snaps and lunges toward the other, consider hiring a certified professional dog trainer or behavior consultant to teach you how to do the Look at That game to help the dogs feel calm and happy around each other before proceeding to the next stage of introduction.
Put your face by the dog’s mouth and look, listen and feel for breathing. If the dog isn’t breathing, give four to five rescue breaths right away, letting the lungs deflate in between breaths. For a larger dog, hold the snout closed and breathe through the nose. teach me how to look Good hygiene, proper equipment, enough physical activities are the preconditions for a healthy lifestyle, no matter

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.391033
Retrieved Text: After an accident in 2018 involving an Uber self-driving car where a pedestrian was killed in Tempe, Arizona, there has been some scrutiny over whether autonomous vehicles are safe.
The data seems to suggest that autonomous cars may be safer than cars driven by humans. Most car accidents are caused by human error. Autonomous cars can’t get distracted, get drunk, run red lights or text while driving, so there is already potential for increased safety over human drivers.
The Uber incident also appears to be partly caused by human error, as the person supervising the car was apparently distracted.
Autonomous cars, even with the potential to cause fewer accidents than with human drivers, are still a new technology. Most of the testing so far has been in the western United States, where weather conditions are relatively dry. There are still a lot of questions over how self-driving cars would perform under adverse conditions.
Self-driving cars follow set rules, while human drivers can be unpredictable. This can make self-driving cars safer or more dangerous, depending on the situation. A human driver might actually decide it’s better to crash the car if it means averting a bigger disaster.
One big problem is that self-driving cars will share the road for some time. This gives the potential for collisions between self-driving and human-driven cars when one does something the other doesn’t expect. This is what happened in 2016, when a truck collided with a Tesla car in “autopilot” mode, killing the car’s driver.
It’s also still an open question whether autonomous vehicles will ultimately succeed

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.3862705
Retrieved Text: That advice is plain silly!
Fear is not something we should simply muscle through. Instead, it is a primitive emotion that does everything it can to keep us safe.
This week I have a conversation with Dr. Mary Ayers who was in exactly that situation. She had to do something that scared her and was told by those around her that she just had to overcome the fear and get on with it.
She decided to take another path. She faced the fear head on, figured out why it was there, and removed it. Not only does Mary share her own experience of transforming fear, she shares how she did it AND how you can do it too.
About Mary: Dr. Mary Ayers knows how to get people un-stuck! With her years of experience as a therapist and a coach, you won’t find the typical or ordinary coaching techniques in her programs. When it comes to taking action, she pulls out all the stops – delving deep to find those hidden fears and limiting beliefs. Known for her UNconventional, often “off the wall” methods, she will get you moving towards your goals without bullying, shaming or “pushing through the fear”. With over 27 years in the Human Development field, her accomplishments include 5 years as a coach with the Anthony Robbins Organization, EFT Expert on The Tapping World Summit, and Host of the radio show “The Chickenshits Guide to Success”.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.363949
Retrieved Text: Each of our news articles, events, reports and publications are categorised in one or more categories to help you more easily find articles that interest you.
Humans have long used their God- given abilities to adapt their environment. From the domestication of animals and plants in prehistory to current attempts to alleviate drought by ‘seeding’ clouds to produce rain, ingenuity and innovation have been important to the progress of human society. But how far should we go in adapting nature? How far is too far?
What does cloning actually mean? Will there ever be cloned humans?
In these days of economic crisis, does the church have anything to say- and if so, what? We believe that it does have something useful to contribute to the debate- and that it must speak out in support of the most vulnerable in our society.
Death is part of our natural experience. What is a good and dignified death, and should we change the law to allow people to hasten the moment of death?
From its beginning in 1970, environmental issues have been the most consistent activity of the Society Religion and Technology Project. Starting from a major study on the wider impact of North Sea Oil and Gas, SRT has been one Europe's pioneering organisations in showcasing the importance of energy issues in relation to the environment.
The SRT has been integrally involved in working with other groups in helping care for the environment, notably the Eco-Congregation Scotland movement. Visit http://www.ecocongregation.org/scotland for more info.
When is the cost of defending our nation too high- in economic,

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.353209
Retrieved Text: questions Archives - Me, Annie Bee.
There are some things that I can’t dwell on too much or my brain has a small meltdown. Aeroplanes for example. How does a large coke can move through the sky with no strings? Space travel. WTF? How can a tin can LEAVE THE ATMOSPHERE WITH A HUMAN INSIDE AND FLOAT AROUND AND THEN COME BACK?
(S)he who does not ask remains a fool forever…..

================



======= Instance Index 5456 =========
Input Text: What are students trying to do?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- study philosophy
- become adult
- ask questions
- further education
- study together

Target Text: further education

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.260992
Retrieved Text: Description: Trying to figure out how to relate to your students? Trying to figure out what to do for a unit and make it more practical or applicable to the students? Trying to figure out where to go to find material or resources to use? Trying to change and look for activities that can support the NGSS or the science and engineer practices vs. inquiry? This workshop will help you find resources for you to create activities for many areas of chemistry. Learn how to incorporate topics that students are interested in to come up with ideas for lessons as well as create one whole unit on a topic. Using many common, everyday materials are used to show relevant and engaging ways to present some difficult science concepts. Students will be able to understand many different chemistry topics through activities which relate to interests of students such as: cosmetics, bioplastics, medicine, etc. Many labs and demonstrations that make chemistry concepts easier to teach and learn will be shared using things that students already know, but truly do not understand how it works or why we use it. These activities will show students the importance of the concepts they learn in traditional classes, how they interact with other disciplines and lend the way to adding more engineering practices and inquiry / critical thinkers in the classroom.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.787246
Retrieved Text: Have you been teaching for a long time? Do you feel like there were certain points where something changed? When some aspect of the profession just starting clicking in a way it hadn't before? This summer I'm going to spend some time ruminating on big moments in my career so far. Where else could we go? What might be a solved problem? How could this help someone new to the profession?
Assessment - what are you trying to learn about your students?
Curriculum - what story are you trying to tell during the year?
Teaching People - what gains can you make when you pay attention to who you're teaching?
Technology - what happens when you focus on simple workflows?
Production - what tools make your materials the best they can be?
Push - what can iteration do for your students?
Family - what if you treat a class period like a community?
Music - what if you grit your teeth and learn to love trashy pop songs?
It's fascinating how your attitudes about teaching can change, and I hope this reflection reveals some opportunities about what could be next.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.6732025
Retrieved Text: It’s one of those things you think you’ll grow out of. But you don’t. Trying to please others.
Most of my disappointing relationships, poor choices and even bad teaching experiences have been borne out of my trying to meet the expectations of others. It is one of those things that you don’t even realize you are doing until its done. You say something you really don’t mean because it fits into the conversation, or you want so bad for a relationship to work that you try to be everything you think the other person could ever want or need. Or you try to conduct your class the way you anticipate that your administrator wants, even when it feels wrong down to your bones. Pleasing others. Do our efforts ever accomplish their desired outcome? In my experiences, it has just made me miserable and caused me to fall flat on my face.
I have been thinking a lot about how this relates to the classroom. We fear trying something new because we know the other grade level teachers won’t be on board. We make decisions about how to conduct our classrooms based on what the next grade level will expect. We ask students to do things, sometimes beyond their developmental ability, because we look at expectations of middle school, high school or colleges to guide us. And what is the outcome? There will always be those students who do well at school, because they fit the mold. I wonder how many of them become teachers because school is what

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.641391
Retrieved Text: In state after state, we’re taking to the streets, raising our voices together for our students, for our schools, and for ourselves as educators.
People say crazy things about teaching. Here’s how to set the record straight.
Right-wing lawmakers say they are only trying to protect students from indecent materials. Or are they just trying to discredit public school educators?
Dana Goldstein talks with NEA Today about her new book, The Teacher Wars: A History of America’s Most Embattled Profession.
Do Teachers Need Dress Codes to Know What to Wear at School?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.582777
Retrieved Text: The survival of any institution purely depends on the prospective students. Therefore, it is always very important to be on the look-out of how to engage them as this assure life continues as usual at the institution. To do so remains the major challenge for many institutions. Considering some key factors and actually having some great marketing strategies is the best way to attract the attention of prospective students. Find below what you need to do when engaging prospective students.
It is best to start by carrying out some research. This is how you are able to tell what works and what doesn’t and how to implement the same. Use the internet to learn as much as you can about this. Check what other institutions are doing and pick what can be helpful to you. Make use of the social media platforms, the blogs and the online education forums. Be sure to walk away with something important that can be of use from the reviews and feedback given by others that have had to do this as well.
It is also important to ensure your website and the social media pages the institution is tied to always have a comprehensive information that prospective students can use. It is wise to have as much compressed content on those pages that is related to the campus and have on there a campus virtual tour as this works very well for prospective students.
Most students who come out of high school want to get going on their dream careers and learn all

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.564522
Retrieved Text: Could some of our teaching methods be weakening our students' minds?
Based on tallies done while visiting art classes, we find that it is common for art teachers to offer suggestions when students ask for assistance on their artwork. How bad could this be? Suggestions represent art expertise. As an artist-teacher, I know that I am able to "teach" the "truths" and "skills" of art. However, I wonder how much independent creative thinking I abort when I make immediate suggestions. How many teachable moments are lost?
Art education that nurtures imagination, experimentation, and discovery; gives flying lessons to the mind.
This is a flying clay chicken made by a kindergarten child inspired by a chicken that flew out of its cage in the classroom while she was practicing blind contour drawings of the chicken.
What would happen to our students' ability to think if we were to delay our suggestions? What would happen to our students' thinking power if we turned the questions back to the students? What would happen if we would come up with questions that the students could answer in several ways, but they had to then make a choice? What if we encouraged them to do an experiment to see which ideas would work better? Yes, we have solutions to many art and composition questions. Is it best for use to tell them what we know? What it they were inspired by us to reinvent solutions?
In our observations and tallies, we find that when students come to art teachers and ask for help, suggestions (answers) are

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.40459
Retrieved Text: Students are introduced to what public opinion is. Then they learn how it is measured and what role it plays in politics. Finally, students analyze a public opinion poll and explain their findings.
In this experience, students are introduced to what public opinion is. Then they learn how it is measured and what role it plays in politics. Finally, students analyze a public opinion poll and explain their findings.
Explain how public opinion is measured.
You know what it means to have an opinion about something. You probably prefer one type of cookie to another. Or you may have an opinion about the best kind of fiction to read. That’s called a personal opinion. So what is public opinion, and what does it have to do with civics and government? You’ll find out in this experience.
Look at the image of a poster from the 1940s. Read the text on it. What do you think this poster was trying to say?
Discuss student responses. Some students will recognize that the poster is explaining that what happens in national policy is influenced by the voice of the people—their public opinion. It is encouraging people to voice what they think in order to keep America free.
There is probably terminology that they do not understand; for example: public opinion and national policy. Tell them that they will learn more in this experience.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.261368
Retrieved Text: Please stop telling your students that they can't become what they dream to be. Please stop accusing your students for something they didn't do. Please stop accusing your students for trying to stop someone for doing a job that they want to do. STOP PUTTING YOUR STUDENTS DOWN BY TELLING THEM THEY CAN'T GRADUATE! please stop making us do stuff like getting stuff out of YOUR car. thank you for understanding.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.224887
Retrieved Text: Science is not just about trying to know and memorize information; it is a way of trying to make sense of the world. Scientists ask questions, design investigations, try to make sense of the information they gather, and communicate and defend their thinking to others. Students should be gathering information with the intent on trying to decide what to do with that information.
Sometimes they don’t find the answers to their questions, and sometimes they don’t end up making decisions about what their findings. Let’s teach science to students in a way that they are continually being encouraged to make decisions.
The important role teachers have is to help students develop the skills they need to think like scientists and to lead them in understanding science concepts. Their job is to make science real, relevant, and rigorous. Students must learn how to be a scientist, to discover things, solve mysteries, and fix things that go wrong. Teachers have to lead students on a path where they embrace the mindset of a scientist and act like detectives while investigating things. With that mindset, students must know that scientists think and learn about their surroundings and that their work is to try and make sense of the world.
I was recently in New York to help a group of teachers become more familiar with the Next Generation Science Standards around the Engineering Design portion in grades K-2. I shared lessons like “Hold The Load” from AIMS that are aligned to the standards that were relatable, and simple to do with their

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.166598
Retrieved Text: Engaging with a work of art is a meaningful and lasting experience. The following four-step process, designed by Museum staff, encourage close looking and careful thinking with any work of art that you view with your students, either in your classroom or in the Museum.
Encourage students to take in the entire work of art, paying close attention to details. Ask the question, “What do you notice?” and encourage students to take inventory of everything they see.
Instruct students to look at a work of art for 30 seconds, and then to turn around and try to remember everything they observed. When they are looking at the work of art again, ask them about the details that they remember. What did they overlook?
Encourage students to describe all of the things that they see. Explore line, shape, color, composition, material, and subject matter.
What is the mood of the work? How do you know?
What do you think the artist was trying to communicate through the creation of this work of art?
What does this work of art remind you of? Why?
How does this work of art relate to an aspect of your own life?
Test it out! Choose a work of art from the slideshow above, and use the strategies of LOOK, DESCRIBE, THINK, and CONNECT as you look closely with your students.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.1574135
Retrieved Text: What do you like most about Peterborough United FC?
We are a group of students of a Business School in Germany, interested in the relation between football fans and their favourite teams. We are conducting a short survey in the UK and trying to find out how to improve your fan experience.
Re: What do you like most about Peterborough United FC?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.1420555
Retrieved Text: The middle school years are filled with a great deal of growth both physically and mentally. Students are experimenting with a wide range of activities, attempting to establish a direction for their lives. They are trying to figure out what they do well, and what they like to do. At Caravel Academy our middle school provides a wide range of classes, clubs, activities, sports and opportunities for students to explore and evaluate what is important for them as an individual. They are under the guidance of a dedicated staff that recognizes the special needs of a middle school student.
During the day students attend classes in math, reading, language arts, science, social studies, foreign language, and computer. They also participate in a revolving group of classes that includes music, health, physical education, library skills, art, and guidance. Chorus and band students have the option of attending these special classes in lieu of general music.
Our staff encourages students to reach their full potential by incorporating higher order thinking skills, student centered learning, collaboration, and critical thinking. Students are exposed to field trips including overnight visits and an onsite wetlands area. Rooms are equipped with up to date technology and we are moving to a one to one computer environment for our 7th and 8th graders, allowing teachers to incorporate 21st century skills.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.13981
Retrieved Text: Feedback can be this ubiquitious term that we use when we are trying to get kids more involved in the learning process. Unfortunately sometimes it can become quite meaningless if we don't teach them to be more specific.
The quality of the feedback provided is the most essential part of how well any person can grow from what they are being told and ultimately, feedback is the tool we use to do that.
With a more structured approach to how we model and teach the art of feedback, students can increase their learning in tangible ways that even they can recognize without help.
When we make students partners in the feedback process, we all grow more.
Make certain that students understand the success criteria before they start the assignment and can articulate expectations of quality work. You can do this by front loading the standards and providing rubrics or model assignments before students start. I always like for students to know the specific standards we are trying to cover when we start, so they know what we are working on.
Be involved in the formative process while students are working and allow them to confer with each other and not just the teacher. Using Google docs is a great way to do this as comments on the document are archived even after they are resolved. Students can be taught to use the language of the standards to focus their learning around those areas in the text. They should provide both positive and constructive feedback that allows other students to move forward.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.129617
Retrieved Text: ❶A call to action statement should try to ask the reader to do something or take action.
You will be able to either accept our choice of a writer or get a few samples of his works for a small fee and decide if you want somebody else to take over.
What can serve as a guarantee here? How to get an essay of a high quality, which is not plagiarized and overpaid? Shall you ask a college professor to write it for your probably? Why professors do what they do Colleges and universities have a very strict policy as for the market of custom essays. They often work together to find new methods of its disclosure. As well as casinos are constantly trying to deal with card counters, colleges are trying to deal with custom essay writing services and severely punish the students who use them.
So, here the fourth and probably the most extreme risk of paying for essays comes: But if everything sounds so awful here, it looks really weird when you find out that many college professors are paid to write essays for students. Why do they do that? His article The Shadow Scholar was published at Chronicle and raised the outrage of society and other college professors. Everyone spoke about teaching ethics, morality and conscience, though the case was about money as well.
Yes, simple as that. College professors become custom writers for better income. We all are just people after all. How to stay safe when paying for essay writing service There is also

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.1161995
Retrieved Text: get ready, get set, review!
If you are like me, I was always trying to find creative ways to review material with students. I would use manipulative and games and items like a beach ball, white boards, cards, etc. While we were reviewing concepts, I still wanted to ensure that review could still be rigorous! Below are some resources around review ideas for the classroom as well as links to Bloom's Taxonomy as well as Depth of Knowledge.
What else do you do to help students review? please share with us your ideas too!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.095478
Retrieved Text: Back to school is right around the corner and with it comes...dum dum dum...tattling! No matter what elementary grade you teach, kids tattle. A lot. Read on to find out my tried and true way to decrease the amount of tattling that goes on in your classroom!
Kids like to tattle. They like to tattle a lot. (Insert frowny face here.) And said tattling can really eat up moments in your school day-not to mention that it is horribly annoying.
Many teachers overlook tattling ...well, they overlook it until it runs rampant on the playground. And then when the tattling virus spreads to epic proportions, they say, "Don't tattle," and send the kiddos on their way.
Teachers need to really taking the time to TEACH what tattling is and what it is not.
Sometimes we forget that we have to teach more than just the content in our curriculum.
We have to teach how to get your pencil sharpened, what to do when you run out of paper, and how to line up. We know this. We teach those procedures like the champs we are.
Teaching tattling needs to be added to our list of back to school lessons. It needs to be taught first thing and then RETAUGHT as the school year continues.
So how do you teach tattling?
I teach my kiddos the 5 B's of Tattling.
The 5 B's is a classroom management tool to reduce the amount of tattling in your classroom. The 5 B's help your students know when it's appropriate to go to the teacher and what things a

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.081797
Retrieved Text: The reason I do what I do is because of my passion for the game of Golf. In over fifty years that passion has taken on many forms in my life. Trying to perform my best at the Junior, High School, College and PGA Tour and Champions level or creating and running a successful golf business. And today that passion is coaching. It drives me to help others achieve their goals, dreams and enjoy Golf.
All these years later I am still learning about this amazing game. I feel profoundly fortunate to share my experiences and knowledge with my Students.
Cornerstones of my Teaching and Coaching journey are my students and the learning process itself. What are my students needs and desires, how do I help them achieve their goals in the most simple and fun ways possible and what tools in today’s rapidly changing world will help me achieve those ends.
Continuing my education, listening to my students, drawing on my experiences as a beginning golfer, a junior, high school, college, professional tour player, running and creating a successful golf business over many years and finally as a High School and College Golf coach are the many experiences that help relate to my students and create a nutrient rich learning and growing experience. Please come join me on this journey.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.053567
Retrieved Text: The task of guiding and assisting the act of learning is much more powerful than what very well could be the outdated art of traditional teaching. Why do I think this? The simple answer is… there's no comparison between myself and the world they have at their fingertips, technology. I can't, I won't, and I’d rather not compete. I'd rather be their guide. I'd make a greater impact that way. Allowing students to seek their passions, explore creativity, collaborate, communicate well with others, and think critically, independently or with others is what's truly important anyway. Isn't that what we want as educators?... Independent, creative thinkers?... Students who just can't wait to learn?
How do you grow this type of student? I believe this is accomplished with the simple act of guiding. The way I see the job of Guide is one that is truly multi-tiered in depth. It should be a person who is a complex combination of listener, cheerleader, supporter, director, idea board, positive reinforcer, questioner, sounding board, co-learner, partner, and if you’re really good, life-changer, all while holistically taking into account each and every student as an individual. A Guide is a person who naturally pulls out mini lesson, after mini lesson taking those who push for more into deeper learning because they are ready, not because it's next week's lesson, so we hold back.
The classroom should be an organic movement of learning, constantly in motion. I have a picture of this in my mind; it's clear and exciting to imagine, but I'm not there...

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.018493
Retrieved Text: Te achers are putting the finishing touches on their plans, students are feverishly trying to finish up their projects, and the school will be transforming. It must be the beginning of Emerald Expo week. Every year this is a big deal here at ECA. The teachers and students put so much work and effort into making this a special evening that we can all get together and see what the students have been learning throughout the year. On Thursday, May 4th, we will start the evening at 6:00pm with a Burrito Bar dinner for $5. Proceeds will go to the Washington DC trip for the 7th-10th grade students next year. At 6:45 we will have a few announcements and then rooms will open up for your viewing pleasure at 7:00pm. Please take time to visit each classroom and see what all the students do here at ECA.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.017439
Retrieved Text: Participating in classroom discussions is helpful to both you and other students in a variety of ways. It shows the teacher that you are interested in the material and that you are excited to join in the discussion on the topic. Participating is also a way to review, question, analyze, and interpret the information, which will lead to a greater understanding of the material. Taking part in classroom dialogue and activities will help you to stay focused and to tune out background distractions. Finally, by lending new ideas and questions to the discussion, you can help other students look at the topic from a new angle, which contributes to everyone’s learning. If you are hesitant to speak up in class, here are a few suggestions on how to join in on classroom conversation.
The first step to participating in classroom dialogue is actually to listen, not to talk. Listening to what the professor and your fellow students are saying and questioning will help you form your own ideas, opinions, and questions. As you are reading the text and listening to the discussion, write down different points you want to question, discuss in further detail, or that you disagree with and which you want to share your opinion. These notes will help you remember what you want to say, and they will help you focus your thoughts so you do not go off on a tangent.
When you are ready to speak, make sure that you follow classroom procedures in taking your turn. Begin by summarizing the text, question,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.004189
Retrieved Text: A blogging project with fifth graders at an elementary school in Georgia.
Awesome bloggers in our midst!
Get on the Blog Train!
J. H. House Eagles Soar!!!
Wow! You did a wonderful job thinking about the different writing traits. I am so excited about your project. I think we are going to come up with something really good.
I was really pleased with your group work. Everyone cooperated and worked hard. I thought I'd provide a review of your work here.
Did I try to make my writing come alive?
Do I have enough details?
Do I have a good beginning, middle and end?
Does my reader understand what I am trying to say?
Have I included any dialogue?
What about writing my ideas down and choosing the best one?
Do I have an organization?
Do I have enough ideas?
How does my topic start?
Are the details in order?
Is my paper easy to read?
Is my paper in time order?
Does my writing have a good beginning?
Are all the details in the correct sequence?
Do my links go with my message?
How does my topic end?
Is this interesting to me?
Did I give my opinion?
Did I say everything I wanted to?
What did I like the most?
Did my readers feel like they heard my voice?
Do I like what I wrote?
Am I comfortable with what I wrote?
Does the story match my attitude?
How do I want my readers to feel?
Did I use different or interesting words?
Have I used any exciting words?
Did you use vivid vocabulary?
Will they make a good comment?
Do you have descriptive words?
Did I grab my readers attention with my words?
Are my words in the right place?
Did

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.997944
Retrieved Text: While we believe that the education our students are getting here at ECS is sound and good, and while we believe that it will only get better, they could technically learn much the same information somewhere else.
They could read Anne of Green Gables or the Odyssey somewhere else. Someone else can teach them how to write cursive or multiply and divide, or about the basic needs of all living things (a recent unit from Science class).
More and more of late I’ve been thinking about how the power of our testimonies.
Jesus knew that the disciples were not going to save their unbelieving neighbors by their theological understanding or the strength of their conviction. If that were enough, then Jesus’ preaching by itself would have saved everyone who heard Him.
Our theological and academic knowledge are very important, but they are not the principle human instrument in anyone’s salvation. What do we have that the world wants? A life. Relationship. Love for each other.
We can spend our days and nights gaining more and more information, but if we do so without a love for each other, we’ll look just like the world. And why would the world want what we have when they already have it themselves? They wouldn’t.
At ECS we regularly pray and care about how our students treat each other. We are trying to equip them to be better worshipers than they are now by teaching them how to live as Christians.
This brings great glory to God and makes the world around us scratch its head in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.995211
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Computing and ICT' started by maxcat1, Dec 17, 2010.
Our school has upgraded from Adobe CS3 to CS5 and some students are having problems when reloading their Flash documents - an "Unexpected File Format" error message appears. Using Winrar to rebuild the file has solved the problem so far - but it is not something I want to keep having to do. Does anyone know what is causing this problem and how to prevent it?
Can you give any more information about what you are doing?
As in what version are the flash files (CS3 I presume), what is the extension of the files, which version of actionscript are you trying to use (if any) and finally what are you trying to do exactly, Just File > Open... > test.fla ?
This sort of error usually denotes that the flash file was created with a newer version of Adobe Flash, although you said that you just upgraded.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.973412
Retrieved Text: In this course, Castonguay draws from her decades of experience as well as research from the fields of psychology, organizational behavior, and sociology to help students understand best practices for making career decisions. She designed the content to help students develop the tools they need to make the right choices—from deciding an area of study to exploring potential lines of work to pursue.
The course is catered to those facing transition in their lives.
“Perhaps you are thinking about switching jobs or changing careers. Maybe you’re starting college and are trying to get a handle on what you want to study. Or you just graduated and are trying to figure out what to do next. If you’re interested in making good career decisions, this course is for you,” Castonguay said.
Through a four-week program, students will watch 20 videos and participate in multiple practice quizzes and three graded reflection papers. Students will explore how cultural norms affect how they think about academic and career choices; take stock of what they devote time to and what that reveals about their motivations; use a design-thinking framework to learn how to broaden their exploration for possible working identities; and much more.
The Career Decisions class joins 12 other courses and specializations created by Wesleyan University scholar-teachers and offered by Coursera. The University seeks to build a diverse, energetic community of students, faculty, and staff who think critically and creatively and who value independence of mind and generosity of spirit.
Alumni can register free online here. Alumni need to log-in or sign-up for a Coursera

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.954579
Retrieved Text: We Want to Share Your Projects on the Treehouse Show!
In this episode of the Treehouse Show we want to talk to you, the students, and remind you why this site even exists.
And a short video introducing yourself and the project.
How long have you been a Treehouse student?
In less than 30 seconds, what is your project all about?
What’s the biggest challenge with this project?
Any advice for people trying to build something similar?
[SOUND] In this episode we're gonna be talking with you.
[LAUGH] I saw you do that, me?
I wanna make one thing very clear to you.
You are the reason we do what we do.
We produce this content for you.
We teach for you, and we design these experiences for you.
So thank you for being you and for being here with us.
So of course we wanna celebrate your accomplishments with you.
You are learning to do this whole coding thing, and that is huge.
give you a well deserved shoutout.
And you should totally share with us, no matter how big or small.
In fact, by sharing, you'll inspire your fellow students to do the same.
Send an email to show@teamtreehouse.com including the following.
1, your name and where you're from.
2, a photo of yourself and your workspace.
3, a link to a project that you're working on, or are proud of, that we can share.
4, a short video introducing yourself and the project.
So that video should answer these questions.
1, how long have you been a Treehouse student?
2, in less than 30 seconds, what is your project all about?
3, what's the biggest challenge with this project?
And finally,

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.944636
Retrieved Text: Machines make work easier—as students learn when they read about a visit to a potato-chip factory in the storybook Aisha Makes Work Easier. This unit guides students to think like industrial engineers as they explore the surprising variety of simple machines people use every day. Students also explore the pros and cons of assembly lines compared to making things by hand, then measure the force it takes to complete a task with and without a simple machine to help. Finally, they put their data to the test, combining a series of simple machines to create an assembly-line subsystem for a model potato chip factory. Download a unit preview to further explore this teacher guide and storybook.
Aisha loves potato chips! She can’t wait to visit the chip factory where her big brother Malcolm works as an industrial engineer. To prepare for the tour, Malcom takes Aisha and her cousin Tanya on a scavenger hunt around Boston, Massachusetts, looking for different kinds of simple machines. At the factory, the girls learn how simple machines are combined in a system that makes work easier and safer for employees. Aisha was dreading working on her school project, but now she has a great idea: she and Tanya will create a simple machine system for their own model factory.
How does Ann's presentation of the story help her focus her students' attention on the steps of the Engineering Design Process (EDP) that Aisha used?
Ann displays some key text about the Engineering Design Process as she reads the book. She then has students

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.942336
Retrieved Text: Jill Dolan is a professor of English and Theater, director of the Program in Gender and Sexuality Studies, and, since July of this year, Dean of the College. In this interview, Dean Dolan talks about the importance of arts in academia, the recent activism on campus and gives advice to undergraduate students at Princeton.
Daily Princetonian: To start things off, what inspired you to join academia?
Jill Dolan: I never intended to be an academic. I wanted to be an actor, so when I went to college, it was to be an actor in this professional theater training program I enrolled in at Boston University. But, that changed very quickly for various reasons, and I became a critic instead. And then after I graduated I spent two years writing theater criticism and then I decide to go to graduate school because what I was really interested in was feminist theater criticism. I just wanted to learn more about it and how to do it, but I was going to be a writer, not a professor. But it turned out when I finished my Ph.D., colleges and universities were actually looking for people in my field. So, I decided to apply to jobs and I got a position at the University of Wisconsin-Madison teaching in the theater and drama department. So it was kind of serendipitous. I never really expected to be an academic, but it turned out it’s everything I love, really.
DP: How has the undergraduate experience changed since you were at school?
JD: That’s such a good question

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.92989
Retrieved Text: Over the past couple of months I have enjoyed completing observations of other teachers in the school (e.g. a couple of Science observations and an observation of Learn, Create, Share in action). I have found these observations incredibly useful to reflect on strategies which I do and don't use within the classroom.
Although saying 'good girl' may be positive, without explaining what is actually good, this isn't actually feedback. Feedback (and feedforward) need to be specific to the task/activity, such as good explanation of this topic, however you're missing an example. When I heard comments like good girl, the student appeared happy for the few seconds post, but some were still confused or became offtask.
Across the observations there were opportunities for the teachers to ask open-ended questions. The use of open-ended questions may have reduced some confusion/lack of understanding from students, as the teachers were checking in to see whether they understood what to do. I have been trying to break up teaching points with questions along the way to keep students engaged, and to determine what their level of understanding is. I am struggling to do this in a way which encourages the quiet students to speak, so sometimes I may think the class is ready to move on, but only the vocal students are.
Two of three of the teachers used countdowns to bring students in/gain their attention (one in the gym and one in the classroom). I realised that I used countdowns regularly last year, but hardly used them this year, and I am unsure

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.929517
Retrieved Text: G.K. Chesterton is responsible for one of my favorite quotes about education. He wrote, “Education is not a subject and does not deal in subjects. It is instead a transfer of a way of life.” What we are trying to do at Trinitas is transfer a way of life to our students, a paideia, a way of being distinctly Christian in a world that seems increasingly hostile to that.
The particular way of life we are trying to transfer at Trinitas is best summed up in the Trinitas Vision. Some of the attributes listed there that we want to see in our students include the ability to think clearly and listen carefully, to reason persuasively and articulate precisely, to be unswayed towards evil, to be well prepared in all situations, to be socially graceful and spiritually gracious, to have a heart for the lost, and to possess an attitude of humility and gratitude toward God. That is only a partial list of things we want to see in our students, but it is a good start.
Though the vision for Trinitas students doesn’t mention academics specifically, we still spend a lot of time talking about academics. When your students are as successful academically as Trinitas students tend to be, then grades and test scores and scholarships are easy topics to talk about. In fact, those topics can dominate the conversation. It is also true, though, that the content and methodology in our classical program contribute to developing in students the attributes mentioned above; in other words, academics help

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.911958
Retrieved Text: The short answer: It’s what’s best for kids!
The need for students to make sense of problems can be addressed through tasks like these. The challenge for teachers is, to quote Dan Meyer, “be less helpful.” (To clarify, being less helpful means to first allow students to generate questions they have about the picture or video they see in the first act, then give them information as they ask for it in act 2.) Less helpful does not mean give these tasks to students blindly, without support of any kind!
This entire process will likely cause some anxiety (for all). When jumping into 3-Act tasks for the first (second, third, . . .) time, students may not generate the suggested question. As a matter of fact, in this task about proportions and scale, students may ask many questions that are curious questions, but have nothing to do with the mathematics you want them to investigate. One question might be “How is that ball moving by itself?” It’s important to record these and all other questions generated by students. This validates students’ ideas. Over time, students will become accustomed to the routine of 3-act tasks and come to appreciate that there are certain kinds of mathematically answerable questions – most often related to quantity or measurement.
Persevere. Keep trying these and other open problems. Take note of what’s working and focus on it!
Talk with a colleague (work with a partner). Find that critical friend at school, another school, online. . .
Question (use #MTBoS on Twitter, or blogs, or Google 3-act

================



======= Instance Index 8338 =========
Input Text: Where does light come from?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- hope
- universe
- attic
- ocean
- desk

Target Text: universe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.30176
Retrieved Text: Fish tank. Looking for quick sale.
Comes with net. Needs new light and has loose hinges on door. Light cleaning required. All easily sorted.
Hey, how many L is the tank? And does it come with a filter?
@r307: hi yes still available. No filter im afraid.
€100 the best price on it??
@Looking4stuffz: no joy from management no?
does it need a new light or just a new bulb?
@patricktommoore: cant deliver. Where are u coming from?
Cant deliver where are you coming from?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.74748
Retrieved Text: From high-energy X-rays to long-wavelength radio waves, what electromagnetic radiation does the Sun emit and where in the Sun does this radiation come from?
The Sun emits radiation right across the electromagnetic spectrum, from extremely high-energy X-rays to ultra-long-wavelength radio waves, and everything in-between. The peak of this emission occurs in the visible portion of the spectrum.
Different wavelengths of light generally come from different regions of the Sun’s atmosphere or are due to particular atoms radiating at specific wavelengths (spectral emission lines). Visible light, for example, comes from the photosphere (or surface) whereas most infrared light comes from the lower chromosphere just above. Much of the high-energy UV and X-ray photons come from the Sun’s outer atmosphere (called the corona). This gives astronomers the ability to explore different solar features, constituents or processes simply by selecting a particular wavelength of light to observe. That is why NASA’s Solar Dynamics Observatory, for example, has an array of instruments that cover a wide range of wavelengths simultaneously.
What evolutionary advantage is there in finding a sunset beautiful?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.721113
Retrieved Text: Where Does Mass of a Tree come from?
Where Does Mass of a Tree Come From? is a blown glass tree filled with carbon dioxide which, when energized, produces a light well known for at least a short period in the early 1900’s but largely unknown today. As the piece runs the carbon will slowly be sequestered into the piece reducing its pressure and changing the look of the piece.
It's of vital importance today to be able to answer the question posed by the title of this piece: Where does the mass of a tree come from? This carbon tree is part of the living cycle of energy and mass that today appears to be out of balance and increasingly to threaten the very existence of life on the planet if things go as they have in the past.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.48325
Retrieved Text: where can i find turpentine vintage of oil of turpentine where to use turpentine oil where to purchase turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine medicine come from the hardware store drink turpentine science based medicine where to find turpentine oil where to buy turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine turpentine and linseed oil ac where to find turpentine oil where to get turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine an worker is being investigated by police and social services over allegedly feeding her two find turpentine dying light where to use turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine turpentine substitute a click on image to enlarge where to use turpentine oil cant find turpentine dying light.
where can i find turpentine turpentine essential oil where to find turpentine in fallout new vegas where do i find turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine up to off admission to turpentine creek wildlife refuge find turpentine dying light where do i find turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine turpentine oil packaging type bottle where does turpentine oil come from where to find turpentine in fallout new vegas.
where can i find turpentine turpentine 8 oz where to buy turpentine oil where to find turpentine in fallout new vegas.
where can i find turpentine plant turpentine where to get turpentine oil where to find turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine where to find turpentine demons souls where to purchase turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine medical turpentine oil where to find turpentine demons souls where to buy turpentine oil.
where can i find turpentine mineral turpentine

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.405827
Retrieved Text: Supporting Prophet Muhammad website - Where did the Heavens and the earth come from?
Where did the Heavens and the earth come from?
have you ever looked at the sky at night? what did you see?
you may have seen the moon, round like a ball or thin like the tip of a finger nail. by its changes we can count the days of the month.
you may also have seen thousands of millions of stars in the sky. if you tried to count them all, you would never finish.
every day we see the sun rise in the east and set in the west. with its morning light we get up. by its light we see to do our work. with its light and warmth the plants grow and the fruits ripen. the animals also wake up when the sun rises and go out to find their food.
the sun is like a great fire in the sky, lighting and warming our earth.
have you ever wondered where the sun, the moon, the stars and the earth came from?
this is an important question. did anybody make them? or did they make themselves?
does the sun have a brain? could it have made itself? could it set itself on fire?
does the moon have a brain? could it know how to make itself look fat and thin every month?
does the earth have a brain? does it know how to produce the air and the water, the plants and the animals?
we know that the sun and the moon, the earth and the stars do not have

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.236114
Retrieved Text: Spotlight Suplux 4 brings together a modern look with an industrial design and style! A sturdy and practical spotlight in steel that can be ideally used as additional ceiling light with its adjustable spotlights allowing you to direct light where it suits you best. Practical and functional in both design and use, the Suplux 4 will add boldness and vibrancy to your living room, office or as part of your kitchen lighting providing a nice lighting contrast that will create beautiful ambiance. This Suplux 4 does not come with a light bulb, it takes 4 x GU10 and it is suitable for both LED and standard halogen bulbs (max 50W). Choose from our wide range of GU10 light bulbs to suit this lamp! This lamp is dimmable however it does not come with a dimmer switch. Choose an electronic dimmer switch if you are using an LED bulb or a standard dimmer switch if you are using traditional and standard bulbs. Dimming the light will provide you a warm and cosy atmosphere allowing you to control the light intensity of the lamp. Part of the Suplux range.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.099259
Retrieved Text: Marvelous outdoor christmas light timer stake tungsten switch. Black plastic intermatic outdoor lighting accessories hb11k 64_1000hristmas marvelous light timer timers wiring devicesontrols the home depot. Christmas outdoor light timer timers lowes programmable switch.
Bestmas lights in san diego county cachristmas calif 2017christmas. Christmashts in san diego best calif countychristmas. Christmas lights in san diego best county calif 2017best.
Christmas screen shot at pm lights in san diego north county calif 2017best. Besttmas lights in san diego countychristmas county. Christmas lights in san diego best and holiday displays carlsbad county romeria astonishing picture ideas.
Christmasht show canadachristmas nmbchristmas ny new jersey best near me ashevillechristmas. Christmas light show new jersey nc near kings dominionchristmas nj pncchristmas 2017christmas. Skylands stadium hosting annual christmas light show new jersey splendi nj picture ideas ny free near.
Thanksgiving appreciation ideas work teacher ideasthanksgiving. Thanksgiving appreciation ideas staff forvingstaffvingthanksgiving teacher. Thanksgiving best work gift ideas images on pinterest creative employee diy mothers day gifts for coworkers teacher coworker.
Bullet for mylentine songs last time song stems letting you go list. Bullet for my valentine songs last time letting you go song lyrics meanings. Bullet for myntine song list stems songs letting you go meanings.
Phenomenal bullet for my valentine songs bfmv_2018hires_head songist stems meanings. Bullet for myne songsnes greatest hits the best of song lyrics. Bullet_for_my_valentine live norway_rock_2010 valentine bullet for my songs song meanings letting you.
Mapster island uncategorized amazing detailed of rapa nui google street viewprintable. Amazing map easternd uncategorized copy_of_mapa_pascua_ _ing_0001 explora exploration printable of chileprintable. Map easter island easter_island_map world showing islandmap and chile of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.024176
Retrieved Text: Concert: Ingmar Bergman — a Centenary!
Where does the music come from? A musical dream play in Bergman's universe with video, light and live music with Gothenburg Symphony, conducted by Frank Strobel.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.947967
Retrieved Text: Most fans are mounted at a ceiling box where a light fixture was formerly located. Typically, the light switch is replaced with a control that allows various fan speeds and—if the fan includes lights—light settings. It’s important that this control have a capacitor design and be made by the same manufacturer as the fan to eliminate buzz and hum.
Fans have from three to five blades; the traditional number is four. Though the number of blades does not affect performance much, it does affect cost. Generally speaking, the more blades the higher the cost.
Blades come in several lengths, measured by the full blade sweep they produce: 30, 42, 44, 46, 50, 52, and 60 inches. Most manufacturers only make two or three different lengths.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.822755
Retrieved Text: Does God Exist? How Do You Explain the Universe?
Most people, at some time in their lives, wonder about the existence of God. Many refuse to believe in God, because they do not want to obey Him. Some have doubts because the Bible says they cannot see God. Still others claim to believe in God, but they live as though He does not exist. How can you be sure whether or not there is a God?
Suppose for a moment that I showed you a complex movie camera. It would have a lens to focus light rays to form pictures on a film. It could be adjusted to photograph objects at various distances and under various light conditions. Question: Where do such cameras come from? If I told you they just happen by chance, you would think I was crazy! All of us know, just by looking at such an instrument, that it must have been made by some intelligent being.
Now consider the human eye. It also has a film and a lens, it is self-focusing, adjusts itself to light conditions, even cleans and repairs itself, to give "moving pictures" in color! Now, where did this "camera" come from? There are only two alternatives: either it just happened by chance, or else some intelligent being made it. And the same is true, not just for the eye, but for all the other organs in the human body as well as all the plants and animals.
In other words, where did the Universe come from? If it is foolish to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.692046
Retrieved Text: Why does Jesus claim that he is the light of world during the feast of booths? As Christians, we are called to live in the light by following Jesus Christ, but what does it mean to follow him and where is he leading us? In this message on John 8:12-20, Pastor Steve explains how the context of the festival and the proclamation of Christ helps us to fix our eyes on Jesus and have light, both in the life and the life to come.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.636333
Retrieved Text: What is an Avalanche Photodiode? What are the differences between APDs and PIN devices?
Where does the word "Avalanche" come from?
1. What is an Avalanche Photodiode ? What are the differences between APDs and PIN devices?
In very low light level applications, since a very large value feedback resistor is needed, there is Johnson current noise associated with the resistor, which reduces signal to noise ratio, which is undesirable. Silicon Avalanche Photodiodes (APDs) make use of internal multiplication instead to achieve gain. The gain is due to impact ionization. APDs are also useful when the amplifier noise is limiting.
2. Where does the word "Avalanche" come from?
TPDs internal gain is triggered by a high reverse bias (~200-300V usually). Due to high bias the resulting strong electric field energize the electrons with enough kinetic energy to generate more electrons by collision ionization and starting a ''chain reaction'', or ''avalanche'' process.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.582253
Retrieved Text: Hi there everyone. New to the area and I was wondering if anyone could shed any light on the name Natal Road. Where does it come from? Are we talking natal, as in ante-natal classes, or Natal province in South Africa, or what? Thanks and hello Bounds Green!

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.395424
Retrieved Text: Where does the energy from food originally come from?
What is a difference between autotrophs and heterotrophs?
What is one of the principal chemical compounds that cells use to store energy?
When a cell has energy available, how can it store small amounts of that energy?
They can add a phosphate group to an ADP to make ATP, also adding electrons and a Hydrogen ion to NADP+ to make NADPH.
How is ATP different from ADP?
ATP has 3 phosphate groups while ADP has 2.
When is the energy stored in ATP released?
What are the characteristics of ATP that makes it exceptionally useful to all types of cells?
Where do cells get their energy from ATP?
In addition to water and carbon dioxide, what do plants need to preform photosynthesis?
What is another pigment which can be used to power photosynthesis other than chlorophyll?
What colors do pigments absorb very well?
What happens when chlorophyll absorbs light?
What is a carrier molecule?
They transport high-energy electrons from chlorophyll to other molecules.
How does NADP+ become NADPH?
They accept and hold two energy electrons along with an H+ ion.
What happens in the light- dependent reactions?
Step 1 of LDR: What happens in the Photosystem II in light dependent reaction?
Step 2 of LDR: What happens in the electron transport chain?
Step 3 of LDR: What happens in photosystem I?
Electrons released by photosystem II are re-energized in photosystem I to become high energy electrons again. Enzymes in the membrane uses these electrons to form NADPH. NADPH is used to make sugar in the Calvin cycle (Light independent reactions).
What causes the increase of hydrogen ions in the thylakoid

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.386526
Retrieved Text: The story of Christmas is one of overwhelming love. God loved the world so much that sent Jesus, his only son, to live among us. The greatest Christmas present the world has ever seen is love of God that was born into this world!
In the opening verses of John's Gospel, Jesus is revealed as the Light of the World. This is in answer to many prophetic statements about his arrival, and therefore, Christmas celebrates the glorious arrival of God's marvelous light!
Where does life come from? The opening verses of John's Gospel tell us that Jesus is the Word made flesh. It is The Word that gives life and brings light to world.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.376209
Retrieved Text: He will return and the truth will be known for all that it is. When the true light comes there shall be no darkness, His light shall cover the earth and all darkness will be consumed by His light. He will bring with Him promise and judgment. The humble shall know mercy. The prideful shall know fear and trembling. My heart feels overwhelmed trying to grasp how one could reject such love, such purity, such beauty, such character?
The land of gloom and utter darkness, who would choose this? Many are choosing it and they don’t even realize it! I talk to many people who say they are Christians, but are they saved? Many people believe in Christ, but just because you believe doesn’t guarantee you are saved. Do you know Him and His word? Do you love Him, I mean really love Him? Do you go to the cross with Him? Do you seek Him, and live your life in regards to Him? Does He know you? Will He say, I never knew you? Is your life all about you? Does your heart desire His word? Does His word direct your path? Does it draw you closer to Him? Can you see Him in your life? Have you invited Him in and given Him Lordship over your life? Everything! I’m telling you as Solomon said, everything else is grasping for the wind and leading to the land of gloom and utter darkness.
Zion the city on a Hill, was where big things came from small places. On

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.368972
Retrieved Text: Atomism as a physical theory originated in the times of ancient Greece.
main representatives were Leucippus and his pupil - Democritus.
is the main advocate of atomic theory.
1. Where does the light and heat energy come from when paper burns?
2. Elaborate metal coupling ?
4. Which gas is used in tyres of AEROPLANE???
5. What is the chemical equilibrium?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.3586445
Retrieved Text: I have been playing with an issue for over a week on my 70 gran coupe and getting beat every time. I think I have a 71 wiring harness too because it has the door buzzer and horn relay as one piece. I have the dash light hooked into the Orange three female outlet which my 70 manual says is correct. For the life of me I cannot figure out why it does not have power at that outlet. Anyone run into this before. Any other places in wiring I could connect the dashlight. I noticed the light under the dimmer switch does not come on either. Also is dashlight suppose to come on when door opens?
First place to look is your fuses and make sure everything is functioning, second is at your dimmer switch (the dash one), all dash light power comes from it.
So I looked at instrument fuse and no power. Followed orange wire to the column connection. I found there is no wire coming from my starter and ignition switch(column). Not cut off or anything, just not there. It is a 4speed car if that makes a difference. Does the instrument fuse power the dimmer switch is my question. I assumed power for instrument fuse came from somewhere else other than the column. Normally when you open your door and car is not running does the dash light come on or is it powered only when key is turned back or to on position?
Yes, your dome light should come on when either door

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.345685
Retrieved Text: From the distant corners of the galaxy Jon and Thirsty are back with episode 10 of Raging Nerds! This week we talk about Space, and all that entails.
-Where do I sign up for space force?
-Why does NASA have so many rules!
-Should I get a pulse rifle or a light saber?
-best thing to come from space is astronaut snacks.
-Lisa, no baby whatchu doin?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.330154
Retrieved Text: SmartComb Optical Frequency Comb, Product - Photonic Solutions, UK.
A unique system where the user plugs in the optical fiber of the laser being measured or stabilized - SmartComb does the rest. Fully automated locking electronics, fully automated beat detection, and fully automated measurement and stabilization. Made for use in and outside of optics labs. SmartComb can also come with various output ports at different colors for applications where frequency comb light is used as seed light or for spectroscopy.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.297924
Retrieved Text: from somewhere unseen, the light emits.
pinned down to the floor by its own impatient guts.
Where was I in such a hurry to?
the room does continue on.
Is the further wall just as white?
with the slowly creeping dawn?
crying, “Don’t let them see me!
“There footfall sounds in unalterable ranks!
for the boots to come as unalterable law.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.293638
Retrieved Text: Central Oregon Farm to Table Tours: Where does your lettuce come from?
Sloan Park, a large stadium that seats 15,000 people (including grass) feels more like Wrigley Field than the Cubs’ former Hohokam Stadium.
On May 6, 2015, SPEEDVEGAS was given the green light to transform 100 acres of South Las Vegas Blvd. into the city’s newest, adrenaline-inducing supercar experience.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.2915125
Retrieved Text: I hope you're having a flying start to the weekend. Just a li'l note to say today I also wrote a guest post on the wonderful interior design blog Canoe Design (New York City). My brief was to choose an item of furniture I love. aaaah, where to start?! In the end I chose the fab industrial style Tolix Model A Chair. If you get a mo, you can check it out here! Thank you for inviting me Anna!
Have a lovely weekend! And see you Monday!
Thanks Jen! You can never go wrong with Tolix can you? If only I could find one like the central one in this pic!
The light! Where did the light fixture come from?
The light is FAB! I wish I knew. Does anyone know what light this is?
we love these chairs :) very nice post!
heading over there now- happy weekend!
Hi Niki, I love your blog! :-) Very inspiring. I am looking for inspiration for two rooms at home and I have pinned some of your blog images.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.256558
Retrieved Text: 62 1/2" high overall. Round base is 9 1/2" wide. Weighs 18 lbs.
Adjustable lights are 4 1/4" wide at the top x 6 1/2" wide at the bottom x 11" high. From floor to bottom of the first light is 51 1/2".
Includes two 60 watt bulbs. On-off switch on the pole. 6-foot long black cord.
Jared two-light single arm floor lamp by Lite Source. Mid-Century modern design..
Black and antique brass finishes. Metal construction.
What shape lamp does this take? Is is standard A-lamp Edison screw base?
BEST ANSWER: You may use up to 60 watts A19 medium/standard base bulbs.
Does the switch on the lamp turn on one light alone, then the other alone, and then both together? How does the switch function work? Thx.
BEST ANSWER: Per the manufacturer, they are both on or off together.
Does this lamp require assembly? How much?
BEST ANSWER: Hi - Per the manufacturer, it is very easy to assemble and light assembly is required.
Can you direct the lamps or are they stationary?
BEST ANSWER: Hi - The lights can be pointed in various directions.
BEST ANSWER: Hi - No, they are either both on or off.
Where does the cord come out of ?
BEST ANSWER: The cord comes out from the base of the lamp.
Invite a cleanlinear element to your decor with this modern floor lampwhich comes topped with a taupe hardback fabric shade and a brass finish along the body.
With its slim profileadjustable swingarm and antique brass finishthis classic pharmacy floor lamp is a stylish and versatile addition to your d&#233;cor.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.252498
Retrieved Text: Beautiful ... Youu0027re Driving Down The Road, Just Trying To Get Where Youu0027re Going, When You Hear A Ding And Look Down: The Dreaded Check Engine Light Has Come On.
Lovely Why Is My Check Engine Light On?
Why Is My Check Engine Light On? Is It Dangerous?
Superb Youu0027re Driving Along In Your Car Or Truck And Suddenly A Red Light Illuminates On Your Dash Telling You To Check Or Service Your Engine.
Why Does My Check Engine Light Come On?
The Check Engine Light Came On, Along With The VSA And One More Indicator. I Shut Off The Engine And Restarted A Few Moments Later.
Chevrolet Silverado 2014 Present: Why Is My Check Engine Light On?
A Loose Gas Cap Can Cause The Check Engine Light To Come On.
Is It Safe To Drive If My U201cCheck Engineu201d Light Is On?
Tighten Your Gas Cap Or Your Check Engine Light Will Turn On!
What Should I Do If My Check Engine Light Stays On While Driving?
Why Did My Check Engine Light Come On? Read To Learn Why!
XC60 T8 R Design A Little Over 1200 Miles And Check Engine Light Came On This Morning. Appointment Monday Morning To Find Out Whatu0027s Going On.
Check Engine Light : Jeep Compass 2.4 L 172 Hp Gas. The Top Reasons. The Check Engine Light Pops On !
How Can I Fix My Check Engine Light?
I Have My Check Engine Light On My 2003 .

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.212082
Retrieved Text: “The five elements and Koshas are essential to your proper understanding of this art. You cannot understand balance of harmony if you do not perceive all these layers and elements.” That is what my teachers told me in my earlier years. Many thousands of classes down the road and the clarification has come. Not only has the clarity come, but with it is the ability to give a clear presentation of these theories and concepts to people, even those with no understanding of yoga.
It is complicated to write about these matters and how they are viewed in the yoga postures. So I will just touch upon them. The elements start with the heaviest: earth–skin, bone, and flesh;water—fluids in the body; fire–mental charge that is applied to the body; Air–the air in the body; Space–viewed by my teachers as mental presence. The Five Bodies (Koshas) starting with the heaviest: Anatomical Body; Physiological Body; Psychological Body; Intellectual Body; Blissful Body.
It is necessary to consider each body; otherwise it is almost impossible to reach a blissful state in not only the Yoga posture being performed but also on the sequence and transitioning from posture to posture. We can think of the five bodies like this while in a posture. How is the bone structure? Can I push any further? What effect does this have on my nervous system and mind? How does this posture affect my breathing? Is there that state of lightness in the pose where I am engulfed in light and that light is engulfed in meÃ¢â‚¬Â¦where

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.164782
Retrieved Text: Which control scheme works best?
But where can you buy them?
"Something we continue to look at"
Video How the Feck Do You Play Farpoint with a DualShock 4?
Could it come with the PS4K?
Talking Point Should Sony Build an Elite DualShock 4 Controller for PS4?
News So, How Does DualShock 4 Button Remapping Work on PS4?
News What Will the DualShock 4's Light Bar Do in Grand Theft Auto V PS4?
News How Is the PS4 Controller Used in The Last of Us Remastered?
News Does Dimming the PS4 Controller's Light Bar Increase Its Battery Life?
News What Does the PS4 Controller's Light Bar Add to inFAMOUS: Second Son?
Will it keep you warm during Winter?
Talking Point Do the PS4 Controller's Gimmicks Add Anything Worthwhile?
FAQ How Do You Turn Off the PS4 Controller's Light Bar?
Talking Point Is the PS4's Controller Pushing Your Buttons?
News Wait, You Can Use the PS4 Controller on the Xbox 360?
Talking Point How Will the PS4 Controller's Touchpad Be Used?
First Impressions Could the PS4 Controller Be Gaming's Greatest Ever Input Device?
News What Does the PS4 Controller's Light Bar Do in Killzone: Shadow Fall?
News Which Colours Does the DualShock 4 Use to Denote Players on PS4?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.126182
Retrieved Text: Sky Ferreira released a new music video yesterday for “Where the Light Gets In” with Primal Scream, in which she browses records, plays guitar, and sways with a microphone in a number of glittering looks, from her bodysuits to her glimmering eyeshadow. The full-lunged, heavy-lidded singer has come into her own, complete with a dramatic sparkling cat-eye that leaves no reason for her to ever lift her gaze from those silver, knee-high shoes. Simultaneously taking a page from the book of famous frontwomen and the Spring 2016 runways (where a dash of glitter caught the light at shows like Giambattista Valli and Dries Van Noten), Ferreira makes the glinting accent all her own by pairing it with her signature red lip and muted cotton candy blue hair color. “I’m never gonna try again,” she sings. And why should she? When your makeup does all the work, you don’t have to.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.05824
Retrieved Text: hey guys, I am trying to fix the ac on the m3 i just bought. When i press the ac button the light comes on but the aux fan does not come on.. I am pretty sure that it should start when the ac does..
Oh yeh where is the evapurator thingy located on the car??

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.002233
Retrieved Text: As data from New Horizons continues to come in, the latest spectra from the Ralph instrument reveals an abundance of methane ice with striking differences from place to place across the frozen surface of Pluto.
An Earthly example of different textures of a frozen substance: a fluffy bank of clean snow is bright white, but compacted polar ice looks blue. New Horizons’ surface composition team, led by Grundy, has begun the intricate process of analyzing Ralph data to determine the detailed compositions of the distinct regions on Pluto.
This is the first detailed image of Pluto from the Linear Etalon Imaging Spectral Array, part of the Ralph instrument on New Horizons. The observations were made at three wavelengths of infrared light, which are invisible to the human eye. In this picture, blue corresponds to light of wavelengths 1.62 to 1.70 micrometers, a channel covering a medium-strong absorption band of methane ice, green (1.97 to 2.05 micrometers) represents a channel where methane ice does not absorb light, and red (2.30 to 2.33 micrometers) is a channel where the light is very heavily absorbed by methane ice. The two areas outlined on Pluto show where Ralph observations obtained the spectral traces at the right. Note that the methane absorptions (notable dips) in the spectrum from the northern region are much deeper than the dips in the spectrum from the dark patch. The Ralph data were obtained by New Horizons on July 12, 2015.
Be the first to comment on "New Horizons Reveals Methane Ice on Pluto"

================



======= Instance Index 5636 =========
Input Text: What contains a company of people?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- yellow pages
- market place
- newspaper
- city
- armed forces

Target Text: armed forces

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.30288
Retrieved Text: Which of the following meets the requirements of a simple random sample?A population contains 10 members under the age of 25 and 20 members over the age of 25. The sample will include six people who volunteer for the sample.A population contains 10 members under the age of 25 and 20 members over the age of 25. The sample will include six people chosen at random, without regard to age.A population contains 10 members under the age of 25 and 20 members over the age of 25. The sample will include six males chosen at random, without regard to age.A population contains 10 members under the age of 25 and 20 members over the age of 25. The sample will include two people chosen at random under the age of 25 and four people chosen at random over 25.
Q: What is meant by saying that the organizational subsystems are interrelated and interdependent?
Q: o Question 2-48, CVP and Financial Statements for a Mega-Brand Company, on p. 82 Question 2-61, CVP in a Modern Manufacturing Company, on p.
Q: Cash flows and NPV for a new project) Syracuse Road building Company is considering the purchase of a new tandem box dump truck.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.200335
Retrieved Text: The list of the main questions that are discussed in the presentation: description of Talktome®, products and services, markets and opportunities, customers or targeted demographic, competitors, marketing strategy, financial overview.
Slide 3 contains the introduction to the presentation, general overview of needs among the population, such as the need in some pieces of advice according to their life, carreer choice, instruction guidance, and other various issues.
Slide 4 contains a general description of the company. Talktome® is a non-governmental and non-profit organization that provides people with some pieces of advice and counseling. This organization tries to listen to everyone and does their best to help them.
These two slides are about services and products that are provided by the company. They are: 24 hours line provider; exploitation of partnerships with other non governmental organizations; providing with career advice/counseling, internship opportunities; providing with limited-time discounts on clothes and electronics in some of the big chain stores; volunteer projects for people who are in juvenile homes and motherless babies; help in the realization of people’s goals in life; help in the acquisition of higher or better education for those who are economically incapacitated; offering of the safe house for runaways and abused children.
Slide 7 contains information about markets and opportunities of the company: help according to teenage pregnancy and abortion. A very promising avenue for Talktome® is the partnerships with Red Cross according to blood donation.
Slide 8 identifies the target audience of the company. Thus, the targeted audience and customers of Talktome® Company are the young people and teens.
Slide 9 is

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.005457
Retrieved Text: Apidren Review (UPDATED 2018) — Is It Safe?
Apidren Review (UPDATED 2019) — Is It Safe?
6. Is Apidren Worth Trying?
Our focus is to provide people information about weight loss products. Why? Well, because a lot of the time, people end up buying things without knowing much about them. Research is key when it comes to your health, and you need to make sure you do your due diligence before spending money on something that's supposed to be good for you. We decided to check out a supplement meant for weight loss that's been popping up in internet searches recently. Read the article below to see what we found.
For the Top 10 best weight loss pills, click here.
Apidren is a natural diet pill that's supposed to burn fat. When used as directed, it's supposed to help people who are trying to lose weight to shed excess body fat more rapidly. It comes in bottles of 60 capsules, and is meant to be taken at a dosage of 1 pill twice a day, meaning that one bottle should last users an average of a month. Each pill contains 400mg of the principle ingredients, which we'll cover in a bit. The product costs about $40 to $50 per bottle, depending on whether you buy it directly from the main website or from another online vendor / retailer.
Apidren is made by Advantage Nutraceuticals, LLC, a health supplement company based in Utah. We couldn't find any main website for this company, so we weren't able to learn much about who runs it

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.534531
Retrieved Text: Forum Index › Forums › Help with WordPress › How do i create a page in WordPress?
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by b.nieto 6 years, 7 months ago.
Pages are created to help get your San Diego company website neatly organized. WordPress Pages are used for presenting what your company is about, what you have to offer such as products, services and the great things people have to say about your company. In WordPress you can add as many pages you desire and edit or update your pages. WordPress Pages are a great way to add content to your web design.
Let’s get started on creating your pages in WordPress, in 6 easy steps!
6. Click Publish! You have created your page!
Four top pages most commonly used in WordPress !
1. Home Page: This is the first page anyone sees, make it pop!
2. Products/Services: The wonderful Service, great Products your company has to offer.
3. Testimonials: People expressing the amazing experience they had with you, your company and services.
4. About me: This a great page to let your clients/customers, know about you and the fine details of what your company is about or how it was built.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.519058
Retrieved Text: Thank you – your “Becoming a People Company” research report is ready for download now!
Your report contains insights gained from surveying over 500 HR leaders in mid-sized companies in technology, finance, and business services. Read it and understand their growth challenges, their plans for capitalizing on their people data, and how they harness the power of their workforce.
Remember, we have a range of other information to help you make the most of your people. Scroll down and decide what you would like to discover next.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.285556
Retrieved Text: Barcelo Hotels is the best website when it comes to offers and promotions. You can book the hotel and still save money in your wallet. They understand the needs of the people and try to satisfy them. The main aim of the hotel is to satisfy the requirements of the people and provide them what they need. They try to make them happy and satisfied. They have a team of highly talented and skilled staff that take care of the people who visit the hotel. They offer unique and outstanding service to the people. They also provide them with the offers so that they can share the profit with them.
They take name, address, contact details, email address and other information from the people and do not reveal the information to the people. They do so to enhance the shopping experience of the people. But they do not disclose the significant information to third party websites on any condition. They do not reveal the details to other company at any cost. Very few people in the company have rights to access the system that contains significant details.
There are many Barcelo Hotels Coupons and Offers available on the web site. You can make use of these coupons and save some money on internet. This is an easy and quick way to save money. Saving money is equivalent to earning it. So shop smart and don’t spend too much. Our web site contains the latest offers and promos about the company. You can use them and win attractive discounts.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.247204
Retrieved Text: Are you looking for a compiled list of trucking companies in Utah state with Phone, Email and Mailing Lists?
​Looking to do business with trucking companies in Utah? You need our help, that is, the info from our database! Our directory database contains a bunch of extremely important information, which can help you create some valuable business connections. Not only that – our contact list also contains contact data such as email address and the phone number of company owners or people from the management. Using this data enables you to get in touch directly with those people who matter!
The data in our directory of Utah freight companies was gathered carefully so that every entry contains real details. All the emails, addresses and phone numbers are active, same as other data that you can find there, including company’s website, Facebook and Twitter profiles, etc. All of this info can be very useful if you have something to offer to Utah​ transportation companies.
The database of trucking companies in Utah contains a huge number of business entries. It comes in the form of a CSV/XLS file, which means that you can use the data in anyway you like. For example, you can sort it according to the city or state in which the companies are registered, or simply use the Find option to get the contact details of a specific company. The thing that makes our directory of Utah trucking companies data is that, apart from being huge, the list contains all the contact info you may need to

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.201845
Retrieved Text: What Is a Website Proposal? A website proposal is a type of formal document used when planning a website for a client or business. A proposal contains the necessary information needed when creating a website, whether it is for a personal or business website.... One Week At A Time educational website business plan executive summary. One Week At A Time is an educational website that teaches busy people how they can help the environment by accomplishing simple weekly tasks over the period of one year.
What Is a Website Proposal? A website proposal is a type of formal document used when planning a website for a client or business. A proposal contains the necessary information needed when creating a website, whether it is for a personal or business website.
Website Support and Maintenance Proposal Template Proposal template for any web design or development company. Marketing Proposal Templates Marketing Services Proposal Template Proposal template for any marketer.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 13.963896
Retrieved Text: By Faith Clothing - Sharing the Power of Faith!
Welcome to By Faith Clothing. We are a small Faith-Based, Conservative, Christian company looking to grow ONLY while sharing the POWER of FAITH. You are the best billboard for Christ as you walk around with a positive message of faith across your chest or back. We're looking for people to join us in our quest of spreading the word of God. Will you Join us?
Thank you for Shopping with By Faith Clothing. God Bless!
This section contains our Runner Designs such as I Run By Faith!
This section contains our Inspirational designs!
Our VERY 1st design! Life Grows from Love. This section started our company.
This section contains our Remember Boston designs. A horrible tragedy struck the Boston Marathon on 4-15-13, but the resiliency of the people in Boston stood strong. Let us not forget.
Our Patriotic Designs! RED SHIRT Friday!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 13.879337
Retrieved Text: Well, before we start with this article, I would like to ask you a simple question – if someone mentions ketchup, then you probably think of Heinz, right? And, to be honest with you – it’s easy to see why. But, did you know that more than 650 million bottles are sold every year in over 140 countries and 11 billion single-serve packets, per year? CBS Money Watch reports the brand is ‘America’s Favorite Ketchup,’ with over 50% of the condiment market share in the country. But, the experts highly recommend that you should stay away from this ketchup and in this article we’re going to show you 3 main reasons why!
Here’s what you need to know – many people could have been fooled about the nutritional value of Heinz ketchup, if the picture wasn’t from the Heinz Food Service official website. It’s time to face the facts: although the serving is very small, there are zero vitamins, calcium or iron in “America’s favorite ketchup”.
Beware the High Fructose Corn Syrup.
Unfortunately, we all know the shocking fact that the American diet is hideously over-saturated with high fructose corn syrup. Doctors like MD Mark Hyman refer to it as something that will kill you. And where does high fructose corn syrup rank on Heinz ketchup’s list of ingredients – it’s pretty high, to be honest with you. You should also know that high fructose corn syrup has been linked to heart disease, obesity, cancer, dementia, liver failure and tooth decay. And that’s not only in people abuse it

########
Rank: 10
Score: 13.851597
Retrieved Text: Home » What is EvolutioNEST? » Who is CleverMom?
CleverGirl being clever. Notice the relaxation. Very non-mom of her.
A wellness professional by trade she spent her days coordinating and coaching hundreds of wonderful people at a wonderful company. This is why EvolutioNEST occasionally contains wellness sprinkles. Don’t worry, she’s qualified to spread such things around the interwebs by these people and these people, and oh yeah, these people as well.
Upon the arrival of her little energy ball of joy, CleverMom decided to focus her wellness efforts on her new family and left her life in corporate chaos with all the hopes and dreams of a naive new mom.
EvolutioNEST is her escape, her creative outlet, and in many ways her sanity saver. When she has time for that sort of thing.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 13.75337
Retrieved Text: Victorinox is a popular knife manufacturing company which is famous for creating the iconic Swiss army knife. Most people are unaware of the fact that the actual knife company to create Swiss army knives is in fact Victorinox. The company was founded in 1884 which makes it one of the oldest knife companies still in business. Additionally, it is one of the largest knife companies in business. The company has over 1700 employees as of 2009. The company was founded by Karl Elsener and Nicholas Elsener in 1884 in Switzerland. The founder had a revolutionary idea to include several different accessories into one pocket knife. Each accessory can be folded and locked in place. The standard Swiss army knife has 5 different accessories. These knives were primarily manufactured for the Swiss military but nowadays the military does not use these knives. However, these knives are incredibly popular and almost every person has owned one at some point in their lives.
Each knife contains a set of different tools such as a bottle opener, a corkscrew, a blade, a small saw, scissors, etc. Some Swiss army knives include almost every accessory you can think of. For example, some Swiss army knives have an accessory which contains a small magnifying glass which can be used to start fires on hot days. The Swiss army knife is the perfect tool for people who enjoy long treks into the wilderness. It is built from durable stainless steel and the technology used to keep each tool snapped in place allows you to

########
Rank: 12
Score: 13.730563
Retrieved Text: HP Officejet 4630 Driver Download – The HP Officejet 4630 is a compact printer that can also scan and fax. It’s loaded with features and has a small footprint compared to most printers with similar functionality.
Precisely what packages the following lazer printer separately is usually it’s comprehensive attribute arranged. There are instant duplexing, therefore it may well create with each of those aspects on the web site on auto-pilot. This also contains a 35-page instant page feeder that allows the idea to help diagnostic multiple-page paperwork on auto-pilot. These options are generally uncommon within a lightweight lazer printer, nevertheless the following lazer printer straddles that sections concerning lightweight together with usual proportions.
That HP Officejet 4630 is usually truly well suited for wi-fi producing principles, to help you give create work opportunities for it out of your smart phone, product and laptop computer. Apple company company people incorporate the use of AirPrint, that’s a simple way to help create across Wi-Fi with a great Apple company company product. Google android people may well directed create work opportunities for it from them Google android telephone and product with the HP Google android iphone app.
Since it can be well suited for Wi-Fi, Macintosh together with COMPUTER people may well connect with the idea wirelessly. This also contains a HARDWARE vent out that will generate a challenging sections link.
It could actually create with non colored documents together with with colors. It can be scored to help Produce 8. 8 black-and-white internet pages for each minute together with 5. two colors

########
Rank: 13
Score: 13.708163
Retrieved Text: The Roux Brothers believe that cooking is for sharing, and what could be more pleasurable than sharing a meal with a much-loved friend? This book contains recipes for eating on every occasion, from light meals to suit the season to elaborate and formal dinners. The recipes either take very little time to cook, or can be completely prepared in advance, leaving you free to enjoy the company of your guest. All of them can be easily adapted for four or six people by doubling or trebling the given quantities.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 13.632616
Retrieved Text: Question: What is a good way to let people on LinkedIn know that you are actively looking despite the fact that you have a job?
Update your LinkedIn profile to look like a résumé. I don't necessarily mean that you include an objective. However, think of your résumé as a marketing document - its primary goal is to sell you as a candidate. You can transfer a great portion of the data from your résumé to your LinkedIn profile. Fill in your jobs beyond just your job title - What responsibilities did you hold? How many people have you supervised? What quantifiable accomplishments have you accomplished? Don't be modest - include all of these (but be truthful). The more information your profile contains, the more recruiters will see it when they search for candidates.
Upgrade your LinkedIn subscription. LinkedIn offers Premium memberships. You're paying for increased visibility of your profile through better promotion as a featured applicant, you can see who's looked at your profile (so you can contact them back to express your interest in their company - a-ha!), and you'll get a few InMails, which enable you to reach people who aren't your direct contacts.
Become an Open Networker. This means you accept all invites. Accepting more invitations expands your network. An expanded network means you'll show up in more searches.
Be Proactive. Look at what companies of interest are posting scads of jobs. Identify the recruiter at the company. Send them a note to express your interest, along with your résumé.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 13.620973
Retrieved Text: Often, you'll want to grant a user access to only certain records. Usually, the criteria on which you base this decision has something to do with the data each record contains.
But sometimes, the user's connection to the data isn't so clear-cut. In those situations, you'll need to be more creative with your access permissions. For example, imagine that you have an application that handles projects for a school district. You want teachers and school administrators to be able to open the application and see only records that relate to their own school. Sure you could set up a role for each school, but if your district contains more than ten schools, maintaining so many roles can be a burden. If user identities and school affiliations are part of your application, you can use that data to control what users see. This topic explains how to restrict a user's access based on their relationship to data in your Quick Base.
To accomplish this, you'll set up the application so that it checks to see who the user is and which records they're connected to (for example, which school they're in or what company). Then, you design a role that lets the person access only those records.
Add a table to track users.
If it doesn't already exist, add a table to your application that contains a record for each user of the application. This table should include at least one user field along with other fields for whatever information you want to track. For example, the school district application would

########
Rank: 16
Score: 13.617348
Retrieved Text: Capturing your precious moments is our pleasure.
Honest Illusions provide you with professional, friendly and down to Earth photographers. We believe your photo shoot should be a comfortable and smooth process. Call for pricing.
Usually, when people think professional photography; they assume expensive. For the budget conscious economy, we have wedding quotes starting at $499.99. This company will always strive to provide you with the best for service your money can pay for. We are passionate about creativity and professionalism. With that said you will always get top quality work at what ever budget yo bring to the table.
A wedding is one of the most important event in your life. So, here at Honest Illusions we take that into consideration. We provide you with professional photographers, to capture every aspect of your wedding day. Experience your wedding as a viewer would watching it on television. We feel that filming your day as a reality show will capture every moment that you can return to for generations to come.
For the dashing bride on a budget, this package is for you!
Our Premium Package contains contains all you need to capture your special day.
This package contains all including our video production.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 13.562909
Retrieved Text: Universal Nutrition has been an essential fitness-industry staple for almost past 4 decades and counting. If you have ever come across any bodybuilding advertisements, then I am pretty sure that you might have come across Nutrition advertisements or containers of Animal Pak at your local gym.
Universal Nutrition has pushed so hard into the regularly posting educational and motivational fitness content on its website and YouTube channel as well as on the liveleantoday.com. The organization is widely known for the supreme customer experience as it creates fitness expositions and for the highly-trained competitive athletes that are managing organizations headquarter in the New Jersey.
Universal Nutrition has various well-known brands and animal is the biggest brand in our domestic market. Universal tends to be our strongest brand on the international market that accounts for the other half of their revenue.The Universal brand represents a comprehensive line of sports nutrition and bodybuilding products.They gained an immense amount of popularity by selling high quality, proven products at reasonable prices — products like flavored versions of creatine powder, for example.
What is the newest product of Universal Nutrition?
The most interesting new Universal product is Amino Octane. Amino Octane is a mixture of stimulants such as caffeine and what we call “everyday energy aminos.” It’s a new product that will feature an all new look and design.
There’s no doubt about it: The best-selling product is our Animal Pak, which contains multi-vitamins, antioxidants, ergogenic ingredients, performance enhancers, amino acids and more. Next in line are Animal Stack, Animal Cuts, Animal Flex, and Animal Whey.
When Should

########
Rank: 18
Score: 13.50991
Retrieved Text: • Supply the products to other people and earn commission on your sales.
• Order as little or as often as you like. No purchase requirements.
• Encourage other people to join your business team. Because GNLD is a multilevel marketing company, you can earn Sales Volume Bonuses from the sales of those you introduce to the business. !
• You can earn Leadership Development Bonuses.
• You get training and support – monthly courses, regular emails, one-to-one discussions, international conventions.
• You can qualify to attend conventions at beautiful places all over the world for free!
To become a distributor, you have to registrate with GNLD International. You can decide between a literature kit (€40), which contains more information about the company and the products, or a detailed business kit (€60) which contains all the information that you need to start your own GNLD business.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 13.494025
Retrieved Text: I don’t remember what I signed up for, but I’ve been receiving a daily email called Ragan’s Daily Headlines that contains main headlines from Ragan.com which is a site for internal business communicators. Even though I’m not an official ‘communicator,’ I do similar work as I communicate with people inside the Boeing company.
And this Ragan site has some great info. Relevant stories, videos, and discussions from people trying to make things happen within big corporations. Again, I found a place with more stuff to learn.
Of course their business model is to hook you with good stuff, then make you subscribe if you want more of their good stuff. Some articles require you to be a member of ‘Ragan Select’. But there’s plenty of free stuff for me.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 13.472967
Retrieved Text: What Should Be Done to Help a Hoarding Friend?
If you found out that a close friend or colleague of yours has become a hoarder, how will you address the situation?
Hoarding is a disorder that has affected many relationships. Some people deal with hoarders indifferently and inhumanely while others treat these people with care.
1. Educate yourself on the behavior. This disorder isn’t just about being too messy that cleaning the place is the best solution. It goes beyond that. Finding out and understanding what this behavior is about is substantially the best way to tackle it.
2. Find a professional hoarding company to help you deal with the messy situation.
3. Look for a licensed cognitive behavioral therapist who has sufficient knowledge about hoarding.
4. As much as you want the disorder to vanish right away, it’s not possible. It will take time before it’s eliminated. Be patient. Realize that to hoarders, changing what they’re used to will require time.
There are more things that you can do to help hoarders. This page contains what you should know.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 13.469274
Retrieved Text: On Tuesday, BuzzFeed published a memo from the outgoing Facebook chief security officer, Alex Stamos, in which he summarizes what the company needs to do to “win back the world’s trust.” And what needs to change is … well, just about everything. Facebook needs to revise “the metrics we measure” and “the goals.” It needs to not ship code more often. It needs to think in new ways “in every process, product, and engineering decision.” It needs to make the user experience more honest and respectful, to collect less data, to keep less data. It needs to “listen to people (including internally) when they tell us a feature is creepy or point out a negative impact we are having in the world.” It needs to deprioritize growth and change its relationship with its investors. And finally, Stamos wrote, “We need to be willing to pick sides when there are clear moral or humanitarian issues.” YouTube (and its parent company, Alphabet), Twitter, Snapchat, Instagram, Uber, and every other tech company could probably build a list that contains many of the same critiques and some others.
.People encountering problems online probably don’t think of every single one of these institutional issues when something happens. But they sense that the pattern they are seeing is linked to the fact that these are the most valuable companies in the world, and that they don’t like the world they see through those services or IRL around them. That’s what I mean by fractal irresponsibility: Each problem isn’t just one in a sequence,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 13.464026
Retrieved Text: Purchase specific state business email lists from Horizon Advertising and Email Lists. Whether you’re looking for a Florida business email list or a Colorado business list, finding exactly what you need is easy. All of the state businesses data which we have available is displayed in a simple to read table where you can find what you need quickly.
Looking for a California Business Email List or a Texas Business Email List?
Does your business require that you get your product or service in front of the eyes of people within a set geographic area? For example, lets say you’re an accounting software sales rep that is restricted to sell your software within the state of New Jersey. By purchasing our New Jersey business email list you will have the ability to reach nearly a million of prospects within your state specific territory. Here’s another example: if you’re a businesses broker in the state of Connecticut and you must work within the confines of your state, sending automatic email campaigns with the click of a button to businesses all across Connecticut would be an excellent way to bring in potential leads. Please feel free to contact us and we will be happy to assist you with your state based email searches.
Need New Hampshire business email list or maybe a business email list from Texas? Or how about an Ohio business email list or a one from Kansas? Regardless of which area you’re going after, we have the perfect data for your needs. For instance,do you know that our

########
Rank: 23
Score: 13.434013
Retrieved Text: Did you know your insurance company will cover lactation support????
Most people are not aware that your insurance company is federally obligated to cover lactation support.
What breastfeeding support will your insurance cover? Well, all of it!
Submitting for Insurance Reimbursement is EASY!
Though we do not bill insurance companies ourselves, you can have your services reimbursed to you through your insurance company. This is how you go about it!
You can also immediately use your flex spending account, HSA, FSA, etc. to pay for your services immediately, and many of our clients choose to do so!
Step #1: After you have paid for your class or home visit, ask me for your personalized "Super Bill". A super bill contains billing and diagnosis codes your insurance company will need to input to determine your reimbursement.
Step #2: I will send this to you via email in a PDF that is easy for you to forward directly to your insurance company. You can see a sample of what this super bill looks like below.
Your insurance company will issue reimbursement to you, and your visit and/or classes will be paid for!
Note: Though insurance companies are required to cover breastfeeding support, not all insurance companies are equal. Some will reimburse full amounts, and some may only reimburse a percentage. You can contact your provider for more information.
click here to contact us for your super bill!!!

########
Rank: 24
Score: 13.377284
Retrieved Text: What Is An Email Disclaimer and Do I Need One?
Email Disclaimers are added to an email to try to limit a company’s liability, but liability from what?
It has become increasingly common that when receiving emails from individuals at various types of organizations that there is an email disclaimer included at the bottom of the email. As electronic communications are becoming standard for business, confidential information is commonly sent via email. As this practice becomes more common, the likelihood of emails being sent by error increases. Email disclaimers are put in place to minimize a company’s liability in these situations.
One of the greatest liabilities that email disclaimers attempt to manage, is risk posed by employees. When an employee sends information via email through a company email address, they are acting as a representative of that company. As a result, the company is liable for what is communicated in that email and to whom it is sent, even if in error.
There are numerous instances where the error of an employee can lead to liability for a company. For example, email communications allow individuals to make representations and enter into contracts via email.
Another significant risk is that an email may be sent to an unintended recipient. This can lead to very serious consequences, especially with respect to a breach of confidentiality of the information contained in the email and privacy of the company.
An extreme example of how risk of liability may be a highly important issue is where a lawyer is sending an advice but does so to another

########
Rank: 25
Score: 13.3659525
Retrieved Text: Some areas of the system have an 'Adviser' available (eg. when listing people, in the 'Tools' menu at the top-right of the report contains several options, one of which is the 'Advisor').
The advisor will show stats & info relevant to the section you're in at the time - eg. the 'Events' section will show stats & figures for events, likewise the 'People' section will show stats & figures related to your staff & volunteers.
These stats & figures usually consist of basic info, through to areas of interest and potential improvement.
The majority of stats are also colour-coded based on ideal best-practices, but may or may not be relevant, depending on your company practices and what is or isn't used in the system.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.324646
Retrieved Text: A Brand Identity is so important to your business because: Stand Out, Make more appealing, Professional, Personality, Who You Are, Rise above the competition.
Everybody knows they need a brand identity. But they don’t always know what one is or why they need it. Perhaps you are unfamiliar with the term brand identity, well, it refers to a logo in conjunction with a consistent design style for the marketing materials for your company.
1. A professionally designed brand identity can show potential customers that you are professional. You are committed to what you do and have a stable business. No one wants to work with a business that does not look and feel professional.
2. People will make a decision on a company by how it looks. If they like the feeling they get from your logo, they may be more inclined to do business with you.
3. People are very visually orientated. They are far more likely to remember what they see than what they hear or read. So having a logo and a consistent design theme to your business marketing materials. And make it memorable.
4. A well-designed logo and business marketing materials can put you above your competition.
5. Designed and printed marketing materials can make your company look big and impressive even if you are not. You don’t want your business marketing materials to look like they were designed with a Microsoft Word template?
6. Your brand is how people perceive your company. This is the face and personality that customers and prospective customers will know your company by.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.28328
Retrieved Text: Advantage Mobility is delivered by the Community Interest Company Advantage Social Enterprise CIC Ltd.
A community Interest Company is a type of company, designed particularly for social enterprises that want to use their profits and assets for the public good. At Advantage, this means that we have decided to use our profits to first ensure the cost of our premises, The Lifestyle Centre, which will also be used by Age UK Nottingham & Nottinghamshire to provide advice and assessment, and then any surplus will be donated to Age UK Notts to help them continue their work with older people of Nottingham & Nottinghamshire.
Advantage Mobility, based at The Lifestyle Centre in Nottingham (NG2 2JD), sells a wide range of daily living aids and mobility solutions to help people maintain their independence.
We were concerned by the number of companies that sell mobility scooters and solutions to the public over the internet without any assessment, which can lead to people having scooters which aren’t appropriate to their needs and that can put them at risk of injury. Some retailers also fail to provide sufficient training or only provide expensive solutions. As such, we at Advantage Mobility are committed to properly assessing customers to ensure they get the right and best mobility solution for their needs.
If you would like to chat to us about what mobility solution would best fit your needs, come and visit us our Nottingham Showroom or call us on 0800 024 8975.
In the meantime you can browse some of the available scooters, power chairs and mobility products

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.266201
Retrieved Text: It's hard to fully realize the impact of a post on social media.
More and more the news contains stories of people who are under scrutiny and, even fired sometimes, due to a post they made on a personal social media account. Dalton State's Wright School of Business wanted to tackle this in an open forum for students at the College.
The Wright School of Business invited human resource representatives from several local industries and staffing agencies to speak to students about how posting on social media can impact their chances of being hired.
In a relaxed, Q&A panel session, HR representatives explained that nothing online is anonymous. Even if a social media account is private, people still take screenshots, and you may have mutual friends. However, social media can be a benefit, too. It can show your social engagement and what you bring to a company.
Area employers use LinkedIn often to fill positions and encouraged students to sign up for an account to use professionally.
Their final words of wisdom? Be smart about what you post online.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.256015
Retrieved Text: Printed annually by the Swedish home furnishing retailer, IKEA catalogue or IKEA catalog (in US) is a popular mail-order catalogue . It was introduced first in Swedish language in 1951 and each summer, it is published in 55 different editions, 27 languages for 37 countries .
The catalogue is used as the main marketing tool of the retail giant, consuming 70% of the company’s yearly marketing budget . The catalogue, published roughly around 175 million copies around the world.
Circulated around the stores or by mail, by household who have ordered IKEA catalogue for themselves, the IKEA Catalogue contains over 300 pages and about 12,000 products .
Most of the IKEA catalogues were produced by AB communications in Sweden where the original IKEA store and where IKEA Communications operates the largest photo studio .
IKEA catalogue is the number one source for affordable and stylish products for the home and office to include . From IKEA catalogue were brochures that are made specifically for Kitchen, Wardrobe, TV Media and Storage and Sofa’s.
Simplicity is what IKEA catalogues differs from others . In the first visit, people can understand what to do in the catalogue. The opportunity to choose the one you liked the most makes it more attractive for the clients .
The more people see the products, the more it looks attractive, the more they will like and make a purchase for them, and the higher the possibility of becoming regular clients of the company .
The goods are much appreciated in a well-defined catalogue and people will visit the company .

================



======= Instance Index 6838 =========
Input Text: What is the purpose of a newspaper?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- motivate
- announce
- inform
- communicate
- elongate

Target Text: inform

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.40276
Retrieved Text: Do you have a doubt regarding how to read the newspaper for IAS exam or how to read the Hindu or Indian Express or XYZ newspaper? This article explains everything you need to know about reading the newspaper for UPSC civil services exam in detail.
You must have read the newspaper occasionally or must be reading a newspaper on daily basis. But how is newspaper reading for civil services exam different from casual newspaper reading?
While reading the newspaper for the casual purpose we don’t have any defined objective other than gaining knowledge of the previous day’s news and the important socio-economic developments that affect our daily lives. Additionally, newspapers serve as an entertainment source.
It is with these objectives in mind you should approach newspaper reading for the IAS exam.
Now let us learn how the newspaper should be read. For the purpose of this article reference of the Indian Express newspaper is taken. You can some other newspaper like The Hindu or The Tribune which you find more convenient to read.
In this video I explain how to read the newspaper, taking the example of The Hindu newspaper, for current affairs and GK preparation. Please excuse the long pauses as it was my first video ever!
Start reading the newspaper from the first page like you normally do since the most important news are published on the front page. Let’s take the example of the front page of the newspaper.
Which are the relevant news stories on the front page for your IAS preparation?
The 2nd page is usually the continuation of

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.275751
Retrieved Text: Let’s look at the real facts behind the Chronicle’s accusations.
This was not the first time that we have provided this service to the county. Our newspaper, The Okanogan Valley Gazette-Tribune, was the newspaper of record for the county for several years before The Chronicle was awarded the contract last year. The Chronicle attempts to imply that only the newspaper with the largest circulation should be designated the newspaper of record. If that were the case no bid would actually be required. The newspaper with the largest circulation would win and could charge anything they want. The law says, “giving consideration to the circulation.” Lawyers do not use such vague language without purpose. The purpose of the “newspaper of record” bid process is to eliminate duplication of costs and to notify residents where to look for important public notices. It does not require the commissioners to choose the newspaper with the largest circulation.
The Chronicle claims the commissioners awarded the contract to an “out of county company with little local management.” They either are totally ignorant of their competition or they are desperate to find a way to attack us. This is particularly ironic considering The Chronicle is owned by Eagle Newspapers of Salem, Oregon. Myself, my wife and our partners Jeff and Audrey Walter, who live in Brewster, own NCW Media, Inc. The Walter’s daughter Abby Gardner is our office manager in Oroville and she will be the primary contact for county agencies placing legal notices. Yes, we own five newspapers from Leavenworth to Oroville. We print

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.17756
Retrieved Text: We(iascgl.com) provide you online soft copy of newspaper for study purpose/ and for highlighting things digitally. You can download epaper in Hindi from our site. But we recommend you to buy Hard print of the newspaper as that will be better than a soft copy. We respect the publisher of newspaper so will suggest you about newspaper subscription. In case, you miss hard print you may come here and download soft copy of that newspaper. Newspaper subscriptions is very important for a student who is preparing for competitive exam UPSC,SSC and state Govt. You may subscribe any newspaper and for more you may visit us. But subscribe at least one and respect publisher.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.135448
Retrieved Text: We(iascgl.com) provide you online soft copy of the newspaper for study purpose/ and for highlighting things digitally. You can download epaper in Hindi from our site. But we recommend you to buy the Hard print of the newspaper as that will be better than a soft copy. We respect the publisher of newspaper so will suggest you for newspaper subscription. In case, you miss hard print you may come here and download the soft copy of that newspaper. The newspaper subscription is very important for a student who is preparing for competitive exam like UPSC, SSC and state Govt. You may subscribe any newspaper and for more, you may visit us. But subscribe at least one and respect publisher.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.069681
Retrieved Text: The Hindu January 2019 (this post itself).
Usually, I receive mails from you, that is it good that we’re reading newspaper from pdf ?
We(eduhaak.com) provide you online soft copy of newspaper for study purpose/ and for highlighting things digitally. You can download epaper in Hindi from our site. But we recommend you to buy Hard print of the newspaper as that will be better than a soft copy. We respect the publisher of newspaper so will suggest you about newspaper subscription. In case, you miss hard print you may come here and download soft copy of that newspaper. Newspaper subscriptions is very important for a student who is preparing for competitive exam UPSC,SSC and state Govt. You may subscribe any newspaper and for more you may visit us. But subscribe at least one and respect publisher.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.933466
Retrieved Text: Letters to the Editor from the Tomahawk Leader.
I did not realize that to express an opinion for one candidate or another, or express an opinion that is leaning towards one party of another, can be charged for in an editorial column. What if a serious issue comes up, whether it be a bill or a recall, that is brought up by either party? Do I get charged for $25 then?
This is a very unusual change to our constitution. Freedom of speech is now charged based on the editorial content?
Editorials are looked into as to people that wrote them. The signature as such is not a reflection of the newspaper. It is an individual expressing their views. Your newspaper already says that they are not responsible for the editorial’s views. You are just publishing them.
This is what a newspaper does. Publish. Charges are for subscriptions, advertisements and people’s personal ads. A newspaper publishes information about what is happening in the community.
It is not to charge for editorials.
Hate to break it to you but you're letter is based on a significantly inaccurate interpretation of the constitution! The Constitution of the United States is an agreement between you and the US Government on how the government will operate and the rights you have with it.
Newspapers are privately owned and the US Constitution says the newspaper has a right to free speech and the government wont censor it. Nowhere in the document does it state that you have any right to force a private business to do anything.
The Tomahawk Leader,

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.854409
Retrieved Text: What is the purpose of the Moneylending Act(MLA)?
What documents are needed to process exemptions from the MLA?
Does a company need an exemption to operate under the Moneylending Act?
No, an exemption is not necessary for operations to take place. However, the companies involved in the business must recognize the importance of this Act in carrying out their activities.
Does FRD regulate any financial institution?
What is the aim of the current Pension Reform?
Create an effectively regulated pension system in which the contractual savings arrangements are made more secure and profitable for participants.
How can I obtain my money published as “unclaimed balances” in the newspaper?
Any monies which have remained in the possession or under the control of a bank for a period of 15 or more years may be categorized as an unclaimed balance. The Ministry of Finance and the Public Service under the Banking Act is only responsible for publishing unclaimed balances in the newspaper. Any query about such balances must be made to the relevant banking institutions or the Accountant General’s Department where such funds are recoverable.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.834483
Retrieved Text: Essay is typically a piece of writing you write for a class. It usually has a purpose or a main point to this piece of writing.
"I have to write an essay for this class on the topic of 'Why abortion is bad'."
Article is a formal piece of writing. Example would be "newspaper article", each story in the newspaper is an "article". It's used also in research works too.
"This article from the newspaper says global warming is getting worse year by year."
Passage is a "section" of piece of writing usually used as quotes to support your ideas. It's just a piece of a complete work used for a particular purpose.
"I took a passage from this book to support my ideas in my essay."
Composition just means a piece of writing written by somebody. Its meaning is exactly "作文". Essay is a special type of composition.
"I wrote a composition on a topic that is highly controversial, my professor did not appreciate it."
Thank you nebbie!They used to be confusing to me.Now I understand:) Thanks a lot!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.832562
Retrieved Text: Newspaper Display Stands Unique Newspaper Towers Plastic Newspaper Display Stands was posted in October 10 2018 at 5:55 pm and has been seen by 18 users. Newspaper Display Stands Unique Newspaper Towers Plastic Newspaper Display Stands is best picture that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. If you want to see other picture of Newspaper Display Stands Unique Newspaper Towers Plastic Newspaper Display Stands you can browse our other pages and if you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery below.
Mobile 32 Title Acrylic Newspaper Display Stand Perspex Magazine Acrylic Newspaper and Magazine Display Stands Floor Stand Metal Wire Newspaper Display Stands Buy Newspaper Magazine display newspaper display magazine floor display Magazine Rack Display Stands Supplierfloor Newspaper Display Stand Bartuf Outside Newspaper Display Stands Newspaper Stands Criss Cross Newstower Newspaper Stands YEON metal powder coated 32 layer foldable magazine rack holder Bartuf Outside Newspaper Display Stands China Acrylic NewspaperMagazine Display Stand from Jiaxing Newspaper Display Stands.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.821818
Retrieved Text: More than one century has passed since the introduction of "newspapers" in Japan. Besides its main purpose to transmit information, newspapers are widely used on daily basis, and there are also many ways to "reuse". However, "Shimanto newspaper bag" makes a clear distinction between conventional "reusing" method. It all started based on a grand concept to "wrap every product sold in Shimanto river region in newspaper" with environmental conservation in mind, and was realized by the residents who got together to give ideas to use newspapers effectively. Essentially, this was not thought up of as a "product", and it can be said that the most important thing is "the concept regarding production". Pursuing the question "what is a sustainable society" as a community activity, and going back to the basics of ecology; in other words, rethinking the cycle of things and submitting to educate the others is the mission of the bag. In present days when there is a trend for fashionable "my-bag" and eco-bag, "Shimanto newspaper bag", which doesn't require scissors and formed only by folding newspapers and gluing together, is starting to gather worldwide attention as an unprecedented ultimate eco-product. Great things can be expected from future activities.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.801438
Retrieved Text: other aspects of the book. Elaboration: The next few paragraphs tell the reader more about the story that is outlined in the introduction. Types of Newspaper Articles Newsworthy topics.
The owner of a newspaper is called the publisher. I wrote about some symbolism such as the dead young Vietnamese soldier being killed by OBrien with a grenade. While you are encouraged to ask questions and listen to anecdotes, you are not there to judge. Newspaper Article Analysis Find an interesting newspaper article, then clip it out, attach the clipping to the worksheet, and write about. The Nut Graph - developed by the, wall Street Journal in the 1940s, it includes an anecdotal lede that gets the reader&apos;s attention, followed by a paragraph that provides larger context for the story and moves the article in that direction. The inverted triangle allows you to build your story so that the most important information is at the top. I have already completed a group discussion; oral presentation, for the part of my assignment. Click Here for K-3 Themes A, Long A, Short A All About Me Alligators, Crocodiles Alphabet, Letters Animals Apples April Fool&apos;s Day Arbor Day ASL Astronomy B Balloons Baseball Bats Beach Bears Bedtime Bees Birds Birthday Blends Boats Body Bones, Skeletons Butterflies C Calendars Camping. Begin with a strong leading sentence. Aspiration to report about the latest news in short period of time what is the controlling idea of the topic sentence influences both the communicative tasks and the speech. If your article is meant to be

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.787776
Retrieved Text: Proper communication is needed in every work environment to boost productivity and to enhance the connection among employees. The advent of a corporate newspaper has been a useful tool for proper communication with employees.
WHAT IS A CORPORATE NEWSPAPER?
Consider it a tool to inform on happenings in various aspects of an organization: Content of a corporate newspaper gives details of the people and activities in an organization. Therefore, employees can be brought closer with a corporate newspaper which reveals happenings in the organization’s various departments. A production manager can, for example, be informed about recent activities in the Human Resource department from reading the corporate newspaper.
It preserves memories: events in an organization can be documented through a corporate newspaper. Events documented, can be referred to for the purpose of communicating with employees. New employees can as well be informed of past events in the organization through a corporate newspaper.
A corporate newspaper can be used to communicate appreciation of employees: corporate newspaper can be used to appreciate the effort of employees, especially outstanding ones. To communicate an appreciation for the most punctual employee, for example, a column of the corporate newspaper can feature such employee and recognize his or her commitment. This can serve as a source of motivation as well.
Employees can be reminded of upcoming development in the organization: Internal circulars or memos can inform employees of upcoming developments in the organization. Reiterating this information can occur with the use of a corporate newspaper.
To avoid confusing or misleading employees, pass clear message. Using practical illustrations and avoiding

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.76998
Retrieved Text: A newspaper article contains specific parts.
Many people use the newspaper as a daily source of information and current events. A newspaper has the task of informing and entertaining, often simultaneously. A basic article contains standard components that make up the entire article. Students learning about newspapers, or learning how to write a newspaper article, must learn to identify parts of a news story. With these separate parts, an article will catch the reader's attention and provide the important details, presenting a well-rounded and complete piece of information.
Locate the headline of the article at the top, above the body of the article. This is usually in bold face and slightly larger font. A headline contains a concise statement that sums up the article topic.
Find the byline. The byline states the author or reporter who wrote the article, usually in a small font. The byline usually appears immediately below the headline, between the headline and the body of the article.
Discover the lead paragraph. This is the "hook" that captures the reader's attention. The lead paragraph--two or three sentences--typically gives the main information about the subject, including who, what, when, where why and how.
Read the explanation following the lead paragraph. The explanation adds more details to the lead paragraph information. This includes supporting information and quotes that flesh out the lead paragraph, giving it more substance. The purpose of the explanation is to provide the remainder of the most relevant information.
Recognize the final part of the newspaper article, the additional information. This portion of the article contains the least

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.718589
Retrieved Text: The newspaper template for kids is used in order to invoke creativity among kids who are interested to go for the field of web and graphic designing. There are a lot of printable newspaper templates to be downloaded and used for the designing purpose and the students who are doing a research on newspaper related topics can also go for the same.
These templates let the design to have a realistic design and also have a look of aristocracy as well. These templates will not only elevate the look of the newspaper design but will help in keeping the write- ups in an organized manner.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.617969
Retrieved Text: All newspapers run special sections. It’s part of our routine. For some, it seems, there’s a special section every other week. For others, not so much.
Most are tied in with community events. Question: What community newspaper doesn’t do a high school football section? Answer: That newspaper in a town that doesn’t have a high school football team (or teams).
Special sections let us give readers content that differs from the normal flow of news, features, sports, ads and other content in the newspaper.
1. Be proactive. Advertising, news and production departments all need to be part of the creative and planning process for special sections. It’s a mistake for the newsroom and production personnel to sit and wait for advertising to come to them with the plan for a special section. Getting involved in the beginning, all departments can come up with a concept that’s sure to be more appealing — and a plan to get it done by deadline.
2. Create a great cover. A compelling cover is critical to getting readers to check out the special section. If the cover is dull or poorly designed, odds are many readers won’t even give it a second glance. You’ve only got a few seconds to grab their attention…so make sure you do it with something unique and gripping.
3. Tell what’s inside. If your cover has grabbed your readers…and they turn the page…then let them know what’s further inside. The more they know, the more inclined they’ll be to go through the section.
4. Create and use a grid. To create

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.537138
Retrieved Text: The purpose of P.I. service work is to provide accurate A.A. information to the public when requested. P.I. committees visit schools, businesses and community meetings for this purpose. They also serve as resources for our friends in the local meida, emphasizing our Traditions of anonymity, singleness of purpose and nonaffiliation, as well as offering A.A. public service announcements to radio and television stations.
C.P.C. committees provide information about A.A. to those who have contact with alcoholics through their profession. This group includes health care professionals, educators, members of the clergy, lawyers, social workers, union leaders, and industrial managers, as well as those working in the field of alcoholism. Information is provided about where we are, what we are, what we can do, and what we cannot do.
The purpose of T.F. committee is to coordinate the work of individual members and groups who are intersted in carrying our message of recovery to alcoholics in treatment and rehabilitation facilites.
The purpose of Corrections committee is to coordinate the work of individual members and groups who are intersted in carrying our message of recovery to alcoholics in jails and prisons.
A.A. members have a responsibility to gather and care for the Fellowship’s historical documents and memorabilia. Correspondence, records, minutes, reports, photographs, newspaper and magazine articles from the past and the present should be collected, preserved, and made available for the guidance and research of A.A. members and others (researchers, historians, and scholars from various disciplines)—for now and for generations to come.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.496595
Retrieved Text: I think about the author’s PURPOSE – what is the point the author is trying to make, why? What language or structure have they used to help make this point?
I can make comments on the TONE the author is using and the effect it has.
I am noting the different GENRES that help the author communicate their purpose – narrative, poetry, recount, report, explanation, argument, instructions etc.
I can read between the lines – INFER.
I read for pleasure and talk about my reading and share ideas in reading communities.
I can interpret and analyse (explain the purpose of and assess how well it meets the purpose) VISUAL LANGAUGE – tables, graphs, diagrams, maps, interactive software etc.
I use my READING FOR LEARNING – use several different texts (book, magazine, newspaper, online) to research and get key ideas.
I follow the Google research matrix to improve my research skills.
I analyse the potential bias in texts.
I use SOLO thinking levels to help think more deeply about my reading.
I can quickly and efficiently evaluate my sources for their usefulness.
I can reorganise my notes to make a sequenced information text of my own.
Rewrite the notes into sentences.
I think about my PURPOSE – what am I trying to say?
Use my writing to help my learning.
Use my planning to get an overall flow to my writing – to make it a journey of discovery for the reader.
Use sentence length and form for impact.
Get feedback from my reader and use it to improve my writing.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.46236
Retrieved Text: In 2013, Mid-Shore Community Foundation agreed to be the fiscal agent for the Community Newspaper Project (CNF), which is now known at the Community Newspaper Project Fund at MSCF.
This partnership allows the CNP to focus its energy on our online publications without the burden of administering an independent accounting system or support staff. It is also the MSCF’s responsibility through its staff and board of directors to monitor the Community Newspaper Project’s activities, expenses, and mission success to ensure compliance with its intended purpose.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.330305
Retrieved Text: Home » Newspaper v8.0 WordPress News Magazine Theme is Here !
Newspaper v8.0 WordPress News Magazine Theme is Here !
Newspaper 8.0 WordPress News Magazine Theme As you already Know WordPress is most vast and popular platform for bloggers community. There are many competitors so in that case there should be a professional, attractive and optimized blog for ranking. After keeping these all aspects in mind Developers have launched Newspaper 8.0 WordPress News Magazine Theme for Viral Content like magazine, top 10 sites, Health and care and much more niches can be published, because Newspaper Wp theme has a lot of child themes with different variations and colors. yeah you’re searching for right theme, you can use this theme for any niche. After Genesis, SEO Experts always recommend Newspaper theme for WordPress, because it has a lot of features, it is complete dose of Search Engine Optimization.
Newspaper premium wordpress theme that mean’s you’ll have to buy this theme in order to use it. but we (DeviHax.COM) are here with a free giveaway of this premium theme.
Inline Google AdSense or other ads.
Custom login system and buddyPress.
Live search with ajax and up down keys.
Visual Composer – the best Drag and Drop page builder.
How to install Newspaper 8.0 WordPress Theme ?
Note : This giveaway is only for testing purpose, if you like and satisfied with the performance of this theme, then support the developers by buying this Newspaper WordPress Theme.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.292673
Retrieved Text: i drill english in japan, too at all of my courses is in point of fact spare concerning culture. i nonexistence with the intention of football coach my students about those newsserious newspaper big money tellers we entirely made as kids, and accept them play. these kids don&#39;t rise with their allow ideas, thus i obsession to write the fortunes on the paper for them.
To my stage, herearound since should i commune in my quality newspaper fortune teller jobs comport yourself one of the utmost plentiful cases. Although the development introduce somebody to an area keeping one's conglomerate is directly hybridization smoothly informs altogether research's spite, panic whole sentiments plasma, discord too not research.
Best Answer. Tomorrow all your dreams make it true. You combeastd counter the living thing you order marry, you commadditionally come by a high paying promotion additionally you request behest win a charitable award. You command reply the man you request marry, you will obtain a high paying office and you will will win a civilized award.
What are slightly good messages with the aim of be in contact available a fortune teller?
Are psychics, fortune tellers, tarot licence readers, etc, the work of the devil? What are some good messages I should link although gifting a phowith the aim ofgraph album to my father?
What should you exchange a few word about your Chinese fortune teller?
you should write in point of fact odd luggage like.-tomorrow when you kindle you order bear rainbow hair!!-your dog is secretly a pig!!-when you incline X years mature you order

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.154475
Retrieved Text: Guest Opinion: If not for local journalists, who would be writing these stories?
The most recent round of layoffs at the Denver Post led to that paper’s editorial board publishing a rebuke of its hedge-fund ownership, which on Sunday, April 8, became a page 1, above-the-fold story in The New York Times. The Post’s editorial, which ran under the headline, “News matters; Colorado should demand the newspaper it deserves,” was courageous and serves as a rallying cry for journalists around the country and in our own state who fear for the future of their profession. And more importantly fear for the future of our democracy if the newsroom cuts the industry has seen over the past quarter century — when one of every four positions disappeared — continue.
News organizations now find themselves thrust squarely in the middle of a public debate over the value of news and the role newspapers play in the communities they serve. It’s a conversation that every newspaper needs to have with its readers, community leaders, its supporters and detractors, and the Colorado Press Association wants to be the catalyst behind that public dialogue.
That’s why the CPA, in partnership with the Colorado Broadcasters Association and the Colorado Media Alliance, is sponsoring the first-ever Colorado Journalism Week April 16-22. The purpose is to celebrate and honor the hard work and ideals of Colorado’s working press and to shed light on what is perhaps the most significant challenge our news organizations have ever faced.
So when you read this column and find yourself feeling grateful for

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.129949
Retrieved Text: Purpose: A growing body of social research analyzes how the biomedical interest in detailed molecular aspects of people's bodies (genes, biomarkers, DNA) affect everyday notions of health, risk, and responsibility for health problems. However, this research focus has been largely neglected in social alcohol research. The purpose of this paper is to report on some early findings from a study of media portrayals of biomedical alcohol research and to present a rationale for studying biomedical alcohol research more broadly. Design/methodology/approach: The empirical discussion is based on textual analysis of 90 newspaper articles published in Swedish newspapers between 1995 and 2010 and one-on-one semi-structured interviews with 24 newspaper readers about their interpretation of the newspaper portrayals. The motives for studying biomedical alcohol research more broadly are discussed in relation to existing research and theories of biomedicalization. Findings: It is found that a large majority of the newspapers cite biomedical researchers to explain the mechanisms of addiction, and that biomedical research is often presented as revolutionary in scope. However, journalists also act as storytellers who explain the biomedical research results to readers. The reward system proved to be a central notion among the interviewees, who had their own, different and varying definitions of the concept. The authors suggest a framework for analyzing how biomedical knowledge is produced, communicated and utilized by three types of key actors. Originality/value: The study presents a novel framework for studying biomedical alcohol research.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.095217
Retrieved Text: The Promethean is the student newspaper for the University of Wisconsin-Superior campus and community. Our purpose is to serve the University in the capacity of the Press, to cover all important news which pertains to the students of the University of Wisconsin-Superior, both of news which occurs within the walls of the University and outside. It is charged with informing and making known the opinions of the student body, and succeeds the Peptomist and Stinger in this capacity. Although the medium we use to perform those duties has changed, we have always been, and always will be here for the students.
In its current form, the Promethean is an online newspaper and is also a physical newspaper that is printed every other week during school semesters.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.077544
Retrieved Text: How do you come up with titles for your writing?
I would love you to give us some feedback on the title question in my, uh, title.
For just over seven years, I worked as a newspaper copy editor. Any of you out there who are copy editors, particularly at a newspaper or magazine? If so, you know that the number one activity filling your deadlines is writing headlines. Headlines are nothing but titles for news stories.
1. Strive to communicate clearly in your title or headline. If you say little or nothing in your title that relates to the writing itself, why will anyone try to read what you’ve written? The fundamental purpose of writing is to communicate. Everything you write, especially titles or headlines, must build on that.
2. Try to “hook” the reader with something clever or distinctive in your title or headline. And herein lies the fine line you must walk: If you’re too clever or witty trying to write a “hook” in the title or headline, you confuse or turn off the reader. It’s a balance. Not every title you write should be straightforward and “news” style. Some should be “feature” style with a hook that’ll grab your reader.
So what are your tips for writing titles? Pass them along for us in a comment on this post. Thanks.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.047288
Retrieved Text: Newspapers are typically used to add carbon rich materials to the compost pile, but they can also be used to plant seeds in. Newspaper pots are a cost effective and natural way to add nutrients to the garden and plant your garden at the same time.
Newspapers are one of those multi-purpose household items that can be used for just about anything. Many re-use newspapers for pet purposes, or even used in their compost piles. But newspapers can also serve another purpose in the garden. Since newspapers are used to add carbon rich materials to the compost pile, they can also be rolled up and used to plant seeds in.
Newspaper pots are a cost effective and natural way to add nutrients to the garden and plant your garden at the same time. This method will also reduce the shock that plantlings experience when transferred to the garden. You can purchase this handy device to make the pots or try and make them yourself using this method.
Take a full sheet of newspaper and lay flat.
Fold in half lengthwise and then folding in half again.
Place can or galss on strip of newspaper leaving half of the paper overlaps the glass.
Roll glass or can tightly around the newspaper.
Hold on to space where rolling stopped and push the ends over the top of can.
Press down firmly to secure the bottom.
Fold in the overlapping edges and form the newspapers at teh bottom to create a small hole for water to drain out.
Place paper pots in a plastic garden flat and fill with

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.0402
Retrieved Text: Reading newspaper is one of the best ways to keep up to date with the ever advancing world. All the important news and events of the world are brought to our doorstep by the newspapers. But reading newspapers have other benefits as well. Reading English daily can enrich the vocabulary of an individual. This is a study on a readership survey carried out among the students at the GVN College Kovilpatti. The purpose of the present study is to determine the level of newspaper reading habit of students.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.023047
Retrieved Text: I go back to Holyoke, a post-industrial mill town just a few miles north of Springfield, once a year, always the weekend after St. Patrick's Day. The occasion is the annual St. Patrick's Parade, which draws about 250,000 people each year along a parade route that starts in the Highlands — the genteel neighborhood where the mill owners once lived — and ends in a once-proud downtown that has long grown seedy.
The decline has taken years. When I started working for the local newspaper there in the early 1980s, eventually becoming the editor, Holyoke was in the midst of a wave of arson fires that destroyed more than 2,000 apartments and killed two dozen people. The remaining downtown department stores closed as the massive shopping mall just off Interstate 91 soaked up all the retail dollars. Home prices plummeted and the middle-class Irish, Poles and French-Canadians began moving out. In moved the drug gangs.
The Holyoke newspaper, The Transcript-Telegram, was a lot like The Standard-Times.
Committed to local news, it fearlessly covered education, politics, crime and punishment, and the growing Latin community. We sent a reporting team to the small towns and cities in Puerto Rico to write about the economic and political conditions that were driving thousands of Puerto Ricans to Springfield and Holyoke each year.
The economic recession that followed the 1987 stock market crash and the commercial real estate crisis that followed damaged The Transcript-Telegram severely. The big advertisers had moved out, and the much larger newspaper in Springfield had a competitive edge because it was

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.006819
Retrieved Text: TOO much of the debate around Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is bogged down in discussions of compulsory reporting, indices and social auditing. We should be focusing on how business can become a little more direct and turn values into action.
The big question that leading companies are asking is how to relate CSR to the purpose of business, and how to communicate that with customers and employees. My take is that there are five ways todeliver on CSR strategy. First, you give your employees a sense of purpose. Research by Enterprise IG of 55,000 people showed that only around one in three employees have any idea what the purpose of their business is.
Second, you don't just define brandvalues. You live them through big tangible corporate actionsthat show you are serious. Third, you define how you do things not as superficial high-level values, but as commitments to stakeholders that are also a call to action.
Publication information: Article title: Have Your Say; John Drummond, Chief Executive of Corporate Culture, a Marketing and Corporate Social Responsibility Communications Business. Contributors: Not available. Newspaper title: Daily Post (Liverpool, England). Publication date: August 17, 2005. Page number: 4. © MGN Ltd. COPYRIGHT 2005 Gale Group.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.996866
Retrieved Text: Transcript is a multi-purpose and stylish news / magazine theme which includes an eye-catching slider and a built-in advertisement management module.
With Transcript you will realize newspaper blogging can also be lots of fun.
It incorporates some of the best features tailor made for newspaper sites, plus a user friendly and appealing design, with different color combinations.
On theme control panel, define which category or categories to be displayed in media gallery mode using our nicely designed media gallery template.
Share the post "Transcript themes"

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.9794855
Retrieved Text: After teaching students how to organize essays effectively, I was on top of the world. I started my own blog about how great I was. I assigned my students another essay, collected it and realized my students did not understand writing for purpose and audience. In shock, I logged on to my blog, erased what I had written, sent individual e-mails to all three people who had read it and cancelled my day trip to Charleston, South Carolina.
I had work to do. I had to devise a lesson plan that helped students understand the importance of writing for purpose and audience. Here’s what I came up with.
Your audience determines what you write, what examples and details to include, what to emphasize, word choice and tone.
Your purpose for writing determines what you write, the point of your writing, and how you will make your point.
Knowing audience and purpose gives your writing focus.
Give each group a card with a specific purpose (to inform, to entertain, to persuade), and a specific audience. For example, one group could write an informative essay about riding the bus for new students; one group could write an entertaining experience about a bus ride for publication in the school newspaper; another group could write a persuasive article on why there needs to be air conditioning on the school bus to the principal.
Each group writes a paragraph directed to the specified audience with a specified purpose. For best results, use butcher paper.
When students have completed their writing, ask each group to read it to the

================



======= Instance Index 7451 =========
Input Text: What would you use to find a company?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- market place
- internet
- yellow pages
- phone book
- armed forces

Target Text: yellow pages

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.415125
Retrieved Text: The famous investor Peter Lynch always said that you should buy shares in companies whose products and services you want to use yourself. If you like Apple's products, why don't you analyze the Apple stock? If you want to read a short summary about Peter Lynch and the methodologies he used to find stocks, you can find one here: Peter Lynch - Beat the stock market with what you already know.
But what are you supposed to do as an average investor if you can't test the products yourself. What if you are living in Europe and are interested in a restaurant company in the US? Travel to the US just to test the food? One other way is to use the Internet to find out if people like the company you would like to invest in.
Go thorough LinkedIn. Go to linkedin.com and go through the employees of the company you analyze. If key employees have begun to join LinkedIn to post resumes and look for jobs, then that's a bad sign since the employees are unhappy and would like to join other companies. If the employees are quiet on LinkedIn, then that's a good sign.
Google the name of the CEO of the company and other key employees. Go to google.com and write the name in the search box. Go through the search results and see what they have been doing before joining the company. Maybe you can dig up a few secrets?
Search through blogs. Go to google.com/blogsearch and write the company name in the search box.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.323952
Retrieved Text: It is a business and employment service that launched for the public in 2003. It was created to help people achieve more, get a job and give job. LinkedIn mission is connect professionals together so they can be more successful’’.
•Post jobs on LinkedIn. You can also use job listing, trusted referrals and candidate search. When you post a job right on LinkedIn, you can attract the right candidates, because the site will find qualified job seekers with your post.
•Search for candidates by yourself, using keywords. That’s how you will find candidates qualified for the job by their profile information.
•Never forget to put the right keywords in your own company profile. Because some employees search for jobs by keywords by themselves. In that case, the employee could find you.
•Never lose contact with your earlier employees, there could be situations where some of them could help you with some new job.
Use ImMail, also known as LinkedIn’s internal email system which allows sending messages to other people even if you are not connected. You need to get in touch with people to find perfect employee, especially if you are just getting started.
The first impression is most important, and on LinkedIn the first impression is your company page. You want to make the best of it. Make sure you have all the information about your company, including the website. Also don’t forget to mention what your company is about, what do you do and what you are looking for. The better-looking profile with an explanation, the higher chance to find

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.831684
Retrieved Text: Company intelligence is the art of learning more about a company. Numerous methods are used to capture data, analyse that information and draw out real insight for the reader. In this article, we’ll go through three ways to use company intelligence to grow your business.
Making sure that you have all of the above in place can be a real challenge. Most companies worry about some/all of these things and more, however how many are collecting real information and data to ensure that they really are where they want to be on all of these points?
Let’s take competitive pricing as an example. A business owner who wants to make sure his pricing is strong may do a number of things – checking competitor websites and consulting with current and potential clients would be two obvious ones – but they may also go with their gut feel or with prior experience. What they don’t often do if go and find what their competitors charge in different situations. Competitors, naturally, won’t want to share their pricing (particularly in the services industry) so companies often don’t try and find out what it is. But, it’s absolutely imperative to have this information to know if you’re pricing strategy truly is competitive.
Company intelligence allows you to find out this type of information for just about any company – meaning you can profile your direct competitors or the wider market to see where your company fits, and make adjustments in key areas if needed.
Understanding what others are doing now, where they’re going, and

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.726884
Retrieved Text: Please e-mail me - I cannot find anything for this company.
There's a reason you can't find anything on this company. They are CONSTANT late payers--if you are paid on time that is definitely the exception. They don't even have voicemail, so if you try to call regarding your paycheck, the phone just rings and rings. To be fair, you do get paid, just not on time.
Check archives here, and BBB. Nothing has changed. Sweet but no business heads.
Ya know how some people juggle the bills when short of money, and have a prepared answer every time the phone call comes about payment to bide time?? This would be payroll.
Can you elaborate more please? You can e-mail me if you would like.
can anyone give me info on alliance MT? what is their pay like? i read they have employee status and mostly acute care. has anyone done radiology with them? are they strict on schedules and if so do they allow morning or evening shifts? what platform do they use and do they run out of work often or not? any info would be appreciated. thx.
I was wondering if anybody has had any experience with this company? Good or bad?
I saw a job opening for radiology with this company and interested in finding out if anyone out there works for them, what you think, what program they use.
Looking for anyone who can share information regarding this company. Did a search on this site but not much available. ANYthing you can share would be appreciated, particularly concerning the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.665333
Retrieved Text: For people with pest-related problems, it is important to know there are ways you can use to avoid the problem and probably get your peace of mind back. Although some people say that have some self-devised methods they can use to eliminate pests at home such as the ticks and mosquitoes at home, these methods are not always effective. Among the many options you may have in your mind, none would be more effective than getting professional exterminators to work of those mosquitoes and ticks. When you decide to work with a particular pest control company, it is important to consider some aspects when hiring one.
It is important to get clarification from the pest control company on whether you would still find your furniture in good condition as you left it in the morning. Most people like taking insurance policies for their house and furniture so that they can claim something is the worst happens. It is important to know that the company you hire handles your delicate furniture with much care when doing their job since some of them may be very expensive to replace. Anytime you find that the furniture is not in good condition, you should know that it is not always deliberate.
You should also ask the pest control company if the chemicals they use would be safe for your pets and children. It is always safe if your children and pets are in a different place far from the place where the pest control chemicals are being applied. If the company doesn’t

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.653424
Retrieved Text: + Do Prudential Financial Professionals only sell auto insurance from Plymouth Rock Assurance?
+ How can I find a Prudential office near me?
+ Do I have to make an office visit to use a Prudential Financial Professional?
+ Does it cost me anything extra to use a Prudential Financial Professional?
+ What other services do most financial professionals provide?
+ My policy says High Point Insurance - I thought I had Plymouth Rock Assurance?
+ How can I get replacement ID cards?
+ What is Plymouth Rock's NJ company code?
Do Prudential Financial Professionals only sell auto insurance from Plymouth Rock Assurance?
Prudential Financial Professionals in New Jersey provide a wide range of insurance and investment products and services. In New Jersey, Prudential has an exclusive relationship to provide auto insurance for NJ drivers through Plymouth Rock Assurance.
How can I find a Prudential office near me?
We've made it easy to find a Prudential office near you. Just click here, choose your county and all of the Prudential offices in your area will appear in alphabetical order by last name.
Do I have to make an office visit to use a Prudential Financial Professional?
No, but they're always happy to see you! Your Prudential Financial Professional can work with you over the phone, and you can even visit their web page to get a quote online. Find your local Prudential Financial Professional to get your quote.
Does it cost me anything extra to use a Prudential Financial Professional?
No! Your Prudential Financial Professional's knowledge and experience come at no extra charge to you. Your Prudential Financial Professional can help

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.630524
Retrieved Text: First let's assume here that you know what job you're looking for. If you're not sure, you can find advice here to find your passion, which should help you move forward and narrow down how you would like to spend your working days.
Don't send 20 CVs per day and wait that something happens. Doing so drains your energy and you end up applying for anything. Just as everyone else.
That's a terrible strategy that I used to use, and on top of being highly inefficient, it's very depressing.
Instead, you should pick the companies you would really like to work for and try to get in, even if they don't have any job advertised.
Here is the step by step approach, inspired by Ramit Sethi's videos and courses.
This is no guarantee to land a job - especially if the company you want to work for isn't looking for anyone.
What this article can do though is increase your chances to get into the door and get an interview before the job you want is even advertised.
Or if there is an advertised job that you fancy, applying these techniques will definitely put you way ahead of other candidates.
Browse the internet to find the perfect companies for you. I know many offer remote jobs now, but to use this technique you actually need to be around to meet people in the company.
Forget about the job offers all together for a moment and focus on your skills, on what you would like to do, what you would like to learn.
The implicit thing here

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.526041
Retrieved Text: Ladies, it's high time you got your fair share.
It’s hard to know how much you should ask for before taking a job if you don’t know how much you’re worth to a company. You could sell yourself short if you walk into a salary negotiation unprepared and accept an offer for less than what someone with your experience is earning at other companies. Many women are still getting paid less than their male counterparts across all professions. According to the National Women’s Law Center, women would lose $418,800 over the course of a 40-year career based on today’s wage gap. But it’s not a hopeless situation. One way you can help close that gap is by negotiating for what you are worth, rather than just accepting an offer right off the bat.
Redfin chief economist Nela Richardson didn’t think she would ever be in that situation while working as a government economist, so she was caught by surprise when she learned a male co-worker in the same position was getting paid over $60,000 more than she was!
That was a light-bulb moment for Nela and it changed the course of her career. So, what did she do? She made a plan and left her underpaid job to find one that paid her the amount she was worth. You have the most leverage when a company wants you, so always negotiate before you take a job.
In addition to going to networking events, take your time to research different companies and the salaries they are offering. Use sites like Glassdoor

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.498574
Retrieved Text: Job interview articles for job seekers looking for help and guidance in preparing for and winning in their job interviews and job search.
Use the expert resources to help you get the job and career you want. Most job candidates are poorly prepared for job interviews. With our help you can stand out from the competition and get the job you want.
These articles provide an inside perspective on what the employer is looking for in the job interview and how candidates can prepare for and manage the interview process to get the job they want.
Follow these 7 key steps to take after your job interview and provide the company with the proof that you are the right person for the job.
What is the right interview attire for the current job market? Find out what the experts suggest you wear to your next job interview.
How to find out about the company before your next job interview. List of useful and free resources for getting hold of company information.
These are three essential steps to take before your interview. They are simple to do but if you neglect them, they can sabotage your chances of success.
How do you know if this is the right job for you? Use this guide to understanding what is the best career move for you.
Your recruiter has a lot of company detail that can be discussed with you before your interview. Ask the right questions with this interview article.
Find out what went wrong in your interview and how you can fix it. Bad interviews happen

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.439439
Retrieved Text: As a business owner, you will no doubt know how essential it is to be right up to date with the latest technology and any news surrounding it. Even if your company is not in the tech industry, the technology could still be something that could make the operation and functionality of your company far more efficient.
Everything from your computers, networks, communications systems, security systems and the software that your company uses such as productivity software, accounting software, and internet and WiFi will all be affected by improvements in technology. The advancement of such technologies can ultimately help you to not only to keep being competitive but to sometimes even push a few steps ahead of your competition if you’re always on top of the latest technology news.
So How Can You Keep up to Date with Technology?
All businesses will have their technological needs and the first step is to determine what these are. If the core function of your business is sales, there is a good chance that a good percentage of your sales staff will spend a good amount of their time out of the office meeting up with potential clients. This would mean that one aspect of your needs is communication technology whether that be a cell phone, or a laptop with messenger software.
Once you have identified the technologies that you use, need, and would like to keep up to date with, the next step is to assess those technologies. Do they provide you with what you need? Do they have as a good

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.417587
Retrieved Text: This elegant, modern design, accentuate your content and template for PowerPoint or Google presentation is very easy to use. Graphs and gradient selected in the template Polygraphic process in a modern printing house by the best designer’s company SmileTemplates, among slides you will find exactly what you need for a successful presentation. Also, you have a unique opportunity to use the template in Google Slides. What would make the finished presentation to this template, you will need no more than five minutes. Save your time and money with the template design offers the best of SmileTemplates, company that exists on templates market for 10 years.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.351553
Retrieved Text: Keep Off Grass Sign: Do Not Walk Across Private Property Lawn Areas. Please Use Walking Paths. Thank You!
Legend Do Not Walk Across Private Property Lawn Areas. Please Use Walking Paths. Thank You!
This sign helps you keep a distinction between private and public. 'Do Not Walk Across Private Property Lawn Areas' sign makes your message as clear as possible.
The signs I ordered were very nicely made. The only thing I was disappointed about was it didn't come with mounting post. I have now had to go to a hardware store to find posts to mount them on and place in the ground. Other than that they were fine.
I love them. I would use your company again. Excellent products and service, would recommend your company to others.
Nice way to say "keep off"
Exactly what we wanted to help keep people from walking across our yard.
Sign is exactly what I needed.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.337598
Retrieved Text: The other day I was speaking to someone and I asked them how their job search was going. They said it’s going okay… then I asked them how they were going about researching for jobs, and in particular whether they were using social media for their job search.
So I thought I would share how you should be using social media and leveraging it when you are job searching, or looking for new clients. If you’re thinking about applying for a job with a company, then you should also be thinking about how to find out more information about the company. Of course, you can go to the company website, which will give you general information, but it’s worth bearing in mind that it’s likely that the website would have been set up a while ago. If you want very current information, social media is the place to go. Social media is where they’re going to be sharing information that’s relevant to them now, such as what they’re currently working on and their struggles. You’ll also be able to find clues about the type of people they want to attract to their organisation. Of course, there are various different platforms, but each of those platforms is going to give you different information about an organisation.
Then when you’re actually making the application you can look at the job spec in the context of what they’re also showing as being important to them, giving you the opportunity to craft your experience in a way that demonstrates how you can

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.319909
Retrieved Text: What is a "split homeowners insurance policy"?
Split homeowners insurance policies are usually an attempt by a well established insurance company to reduce the wind risk in coastal areas by excluded wind on their policy form.
Not so common in North Louisiana but in coastal high risk areas like South Louisiana, you will see some home insurance customers with a “split homeowners insurance policy”.
What happens is the insurance company will provide you with a homeowners policy but exclude all wind/hail from the policy.
Since you need wind/hail in Louisiana, you would need to purchase a stand alone wind or hail policy from another company.
Sometimes, but not often, this can result in a lower premium, but you are left with two insurance companies insuring your house.
Do I lose any coverage with a stand alone wind/hail policy?
Most of these policies do not include Loss of Use.
Do I need Loss of Use coverage?
You would have to rent another house or hotel room until the damages are repaired.
Unless you have Loss of Use coverage, the extended stay would be paid out of your pocket.
The amount allowed for your stay will be determined by the estimate.
If they estimate allows for 2 months to repair the damage, you will be allowed 2 months of loss of use payments towards rent or hotel room.
The amount allowable towards a hotel room will be determined by the individual insurance company and the claims adjuster.
Just because you know a guy that was put up in the Ritz Carlton, does not mean you will not be staying at the Best

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.264478
Retrieved Text: While Twitter and other public social networks aren't cut out for internal company use, Microsoft believes such a service has its place in a corporate setting. Deep in its Redmond lair, the company is testing a new product that might fit the bill.
Well this sounds intresting for Corprate stuff It doesn't sound much like it'll do what I'd really be interested in.
I would like a more Pro-streamlined twitter like place to do micro blogging but really would like to see something that had more of a specialized feel; Like artiest could be all in one place and programs could be in another, so it would be easier to find people in your field, but all on the same service so that way normal uses how wanted to track people would only need one account, but the professional uses could easily find like people.
Now given I have never "Used" Twitter I only really keep track of a single artiest twits, and the whole twitter site just feels cluttered and bulky, so it's never inspired me to bother looking into using it myself. But I have seen what people do with twitter and it would be nice to have a bit more of a stream-lined version. Yes you could just use RSS or a Widget on your site, but then you don't get the whole Intercommunication blogging/talking that seems to happen among the users in the same field. I'd almost say what I like, about what i see boarders on the line of people using it like a

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.185884
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand » Furniture Reviews!
Welcome visitor, you can buy Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand from trusted store.
The Holiday's is coming soon and The hammock are reduced prices from now. If you would like to buy hammock . Please fee consider also the price including shipping fee for the good deals or choose product with free shipping service. If you're looking for Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand at low prices, We recommend a great online store that might be what you would like. Very comfortable for you. We recommend you to click to view the Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand price and read more information of Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand before to buy it. The minute you enter an online hammock store, you can find what you want a lot faster than you can going from department to department in a big mall store.
*Please Use price-comparison and product-search for Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand to compare the prices of items at various online and local merchants.
Before buying Algoma Net Company Polyester Hammock with Stand, you should know how to find the best match for your needs. Every piece of Hammock has certain elements or features that determine whether or not it is a good fit. There are some general rules that apply to all Hammock purchases, but sometimes you have to consider more specific parameters. And let's face it, furniture is such an investment that understanding how and what to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.181654
Retrieved Text: What makes an employee achieve great results and provide excellent work in their company? How do they bring their game to the next level? Employees gain more by utilizing executive coaching as seen at thecoachingconnector.com .
Executive coaches always focus on a specific goal. They simplify the goals and concentrates on the focal point on the task. They help people out if they get “stuck” and guide them on how to move forward in their tasks. They are very confident in their work and have leadership capabilities. Not only that, they find opportunities to improve on the employees strengths and eliminates weaknesses. They also prioritize and manage time well and being productive in their everyday activities. Executive coaching will help the employees achieve where they and their company would want them to be.
Self-improvement is their main goal.
Executive coaching recognizes the problems and strives hard to find a solution to them. It’s a one-on-one process that occurs in real-time without having to sacrifice the daily responsibilities of an employee. It gives a deeper understanding on the strengths and weaknesses of an employee and makes ways on how to develop or change them.
Being a part of an executive coaching session means that you need to “unlock” yourself. All coaching should be confidential, so make sure to lay down the foundation and protocols before starting.
You would be able to discover yourself and find out what is your potential. You’ll find out what kind of coaching style is the best for you and what kind of coaching relationship you are looking

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.176771
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for precision auto components, then you should be able to find the best OEM. But that could be a tricky affair if you do not know what to look for while selecting the OEM. Here are a few key points that you should be ideally looking at during the selection phase.
Designing expertise: Since designing of the precision auto components is a vital aspect, you should look at their designing capability. A good company would have the right process in place. From concept design to prototyping, manufacturing, and testing, everything must be organized. In addition, you should look at the kind of technology that they use.
Quality standards: The most important thing that you should look at while buying precision auto components is the quality standards that the company follows. You must look at their certification. A good company would have quality certification to meet global standards.
Cost of the components: The automotive market is huge and you must be choosy while buying precision auto components beaus you can get better deals if you can find the right companies that cater to the global market. Since a company with a global presence would be financially capable, they can offer you products at the best price point.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.146616
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Stockton CA 95201 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Stockton CA 95201. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.135727
Retrieved Text: In the excel file “Find Your Company” you will find the listed company you have been given for this course. This file will be made available on Friday of Week 4. Complete this assignment for the company you have been given. Please be careful to use the listed company you have been given. Your assignment will not be marked if you use a different company to the one you have been given; and you will be asked to resubmit your assignment using the right company.
Please read the relevant footnotes of your firm’s financial statements carefully and include information from these footnotes in your answer.
(i) From your firm’s annual report find out the asset/s that your firm has tested for impairment.
(ii) How did your firm conduct the impairment testing?
(iii) Has your firm recorded any impairment expenditures during the period?
(iv) Identify the key estimates and assumptions used by your firm in conducting the impairment testing.
(v) Do you find any sort of subjectivity involved in the impairment testing process? How can this subjectivity influence the outcome of the impairment testing?
(vi) What do you find interesting, confusing, surprising or difficult to understand about the impairment testing?
(vii) What new insights, if any, have you gained about how companies conduct impairment testing?
(viii) Based on your assignment, comment on the “fair value measurement”.
we have done our best to keep these costs to a minimum. For example, we are not requiring companies to recognise assets and liabilities for short term and small ticket leases. This should be especially beneficial for smaller companies. In sum,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.132336
Retrieved Text: What happened to my company files? Why can't reckon find them?
Reckon Hosted can not find my company files....WHY???
What's happening specifically? Are you files appearing in the list or not?
Are you getting any error messages? If so, what is it?
Is there any difference if you logout fully, close your browser and then log back in?
If you have any relevant screenshots that would help.
I had this problem a week ago. What I discovered is that some of my QBW files are now located in my Q drive not directly but via a 'shortcut link' folder. You have to use the drop down menu to get there.
...in the Q drive scan down through the list, via the file type, you are looking for a shortcut link folder.
Double click on the folder, then click on the file to open.
Reckon's phone support told me to save the file once it was opened so that the QBW file opens again from that preliminary list of files box. I have found that this concepts works only while in the same working session. But not always if freshly logging in.
Hi Rav, I tried logging out and back in several times but when the list of company files appeared I would click on one and it would say it couldn't find it. I tried another company file and the same thing. I then went and had a coffee, came back and tried again and it automatically opened the last file I had used last week. Not sure what the problem was but just as I

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.128012
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Oakland CA 94615 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Oakland CA 94615. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.121624
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Oakland CA 94607 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Oakland CA 94607. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.121525
Retrieved Text: So we’ve already talked about the importance of a data-driven strategy, now it’s time to talk cohesion. Once you’ve done your research, you need to think about your brand. Just throwing content out into the world to see what sticks won’t work. You need to have a strategy behind what you’re doing, a consistent message and a productive, strategic way to communicate it.
Identify your brand and key messages and rewrite them or elaborate.
If this sounds overwhelming, then we’ve got a whole other guide to discovering your brand you may need to check out. But if you know what your brand is, then you will need to incorporate that into your content strategy with a consistent voice and messaging.
Make sure you’re communicating your key messages and a consistent voice with an editorial calendar.
An editorial calendar will help you cohesively look at your content plan over time (usually a year). Planning out your content month by month, by listing what topics you will be talking about and when to start promoting specials and events, will help you have a plan so that you will be better prepared to communicate your brand and mission in all that you do.
Helpful tip: Don’t forget to look at your data! Analyze your data and look at your most popular posts. That will help you figure out what your followers want to know about your company. If you feel like your data isn’t giving you much insight, make new data! Send out a poll or questionnaire and ask your followers what they would

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.120402
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Oakland CA 94619 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Oakland CA 94619. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.119965
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Stockton CA 95290 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Stockton CA 95290. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.119965
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Avery CA 95224 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Avery CA 95224. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.119509
Retrieved Text: I would recommend this company to everyone! They are extremely reliable and know what they are doing. They came in and corrected a serious problem that another company had created. They were courteous and worked quickly. It’s hard to find repair companies you can really trust. For safety, honesty and a fair price, we will continue to use and recommend Affordable Same Day.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.113043
Retrieved Text: It is a company that ships containers all over the world. Shipped.com has multiple locations in America, in both Canada and the United States. The way most people end up doing business with the company is through finding their website online and then searching through their various Oakland CA 94643 shipping containers they have on offer currently. If you would like you can purchase one and then have it shipped over to a remote location. You can also take advantage of the company’s rental program, and locate one of their numerous distribution sites that are located throughout Canada and the United States.
If you have been searching for a company that offers the best freight for sale, and also has numerous distribution sites available, then Shipped.com is a great option. The business has numerous locations across Canada and the continental United States or Oakland CA 94643. If you visit their photo gallery you will be able to see everything they are offering and what is available currently. Price for brand-new ones start at $2,495. Use cargo prices start at $1,495. These factors make them one of industry’s most effective container companies. When you combine this with their convenient ordering process and fast shipping, it would be hard to find another company offering a higher level of service. Check out their website today to find out what is in stock.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.108455
Retrieved Text: Yet another what should I do/charge question?
Discussion in 'Making Money' started by creationsbe, Aug 5, 2009.
I have been contact by 2 "higher-ups" about a photo I took and placed on a Facebook Fanpage, it has gotten some positive attention, which has turned into important people finding it.
I have allowed them to use the photo with my logo intact freely on webpages/newsletters, I see it as publicity for myself.
What would you charge to give full rights to a company that is being paid $14 million on the construction project?
You have to consider if you will be considered a team player if you refuse.
You charge by usage. Full rights as in they want the digital file to do with as they please? You need to find out how they plan to use it. What if you sell it for $250 and they make huge prints and sell them for $2000 a piece and sell 40? Or in a book and make millions. You really need to know how it will be used.
Thanks for the input. I have some thinking to do, now that you put it to me that way.
I am confused about your "team player" comment. Are the people who want to use your image your bosses? Do you work for the company? Was the shot taken on company time using company equipment?
In a perfect world, if one produces an image on his own time that had nothing to do with his job, then it is certainly appropriate to seek compensation for commercial use of the image.

================



======= Instance Index 6816 =========
Input Text: What is the opposite of hands?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- toes
- body part
- legs
- feet
- foot

Target Text: feet

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.439867
Retrieved Text: Kendra is sneaking through a building, investigating several drawers, bookshelves, and so on (close-up of her hands). She is surprised when the office owner (represented by the camera) comes back. She tries to explain what she is doing there, with no success. When she notices that a gun is pointed at her, and she puts up her hands (close-up).
She is forced to pull a chair slowly into the middle of the room. Then she is forced to sit opposite on the chair and to cross her hands behind her back. She says that she will make to trouble, there is no need to tie her up. No success.
The camera zooms to her hands until they are shown in a big close-up.
Kendra sits opposite on the chair. She has her wrists tied crossed behind her back, and the wrists are also tied to the waist.
Kendra is lying on a table. Her wrists are tied with the PALMS to the OUTSIDE. Make sure that an additional wrap makes the ties tight. Her hands are tied to the waist. Please tie the feet also to the waist, not to the hands. Please let the feet be crossed.
Kendra must have the wrists tied crossed behind the backrest.
60% of the time BIG CLOSE-UPS of the PALMS of Kendra’s HANDS.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.19908
Retrieved Text: I came accross this add for an electric scooter for sale in Oregon,But I think the controller might be bad on it.Hey,For 150.00 bucks ,Surely someone in this forum would like to get their hands on this(I wish the location was closer to me because I certainly would'nt be writing this ).Good luck to whoever live's in this area that may be looking for such .
Bring back the true currency!
LOL,Man, You dont know how much it kills me to give this info away but this dang on scooter is on the opposite coast from me so,I cant get my grubby little hands on it .
lol... I'm on the opposite side of the atlantic!
haha... you can keep your scooter, I'm getting a quad bike!
£43!!!! Bargain! I'm going to work in style!
Damn. I want that scooter, but I don't have the money right now. And it's on the opposite coast from me too.
I wonder what the top speed is.
Last edited by Dingus; 11-23-2008 at 09:07 AM.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.987103
Retrieved Text: Volumetric measurements show that right-handed individuals have larger right hands than left hands. In contrast, the hands of left-handers are much more nearly symmetrical. Based on what is known about trophic interactions between neurons and targets, these findings predict a corresponding asymmetry of the relevant parts of the sensorimotor system in right-handers. The lack of an opposite-hand asymmetry among left-handers further implies that right- and left-handed phenotypes do not arise according to the same developmental rules.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.640078
Retrieved Text: Lean forward while raising up on toes, jump from about 15 degrees one step on left foot into x-stance left behind right, block down to right with right knife flat over left (double assisted palm block), then block up above left shoulder double assisted palm block, without changing hand stacking or body positioning.
Step up and out with left leg into horse stance, high mountain block, from crossed hands over chest (right over left) left hand soo do thumb back (palm in), right hand soo do thumb forward (palm out).
...then across face down to right arae maki.
Step out in front with left into horse stance at 90 right to previous orientation, cross arms left over right at solar plexus high mountain block, left hand soo do thumb back (palm in), right hand soo do thumb forward (palm out).
Right hand moves in a circular motion behind to right, left hand moves in circular motion in over and down to solar plexus; turn 90 left into left front stance, bring right hand around from what is now the rear right, back of right palm impacts cup of left palm at left waist.
Switch to opposite front stance in place, pull left to left waist, punch right at right side of front stance (90 degrees).
...pull right leg back into koa sohgi, pull both hands back (grabbing spear) in fists, reach out again and repeat pull both hands back (grabbing spear) in fists.
Right outside crescent kick into left palm, elbow strike in horse.
left leg pulls in from horse stance into feet shoulder

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.62828
Retrieved Text: don't get caught: what should I do with my hands?
I often ask participants in my presentation or speaker trainings where they think their hands belong when they are not gesturing. Most people immobilize their hands, gripping them together in front or in back of their torsos or grabbing both sides of the lectern. Your hands will best serve you during a speech or presentation if they're available for your use at a moment's notice--and that means you should hold them at rest with your elbows bent, and fingers touching, but not gripping, those of the opposite hand. You can rest one hand on the other lightly, but don't grip.
This option helps you in two ways: Your hand and arm are now free to gesture up or down without having to travel a long way (distracting to you and your audience), and you're not immobilizing them. On camera, you'll need to be gesturing near your face if your hands are to be seen. Holding them at your waist keeps them closer to the place they need to be. Most important of all: If you grip your hands or otherwise hold them still, you're more likely to make a verbal error.
Once you practice this, it will seem and look relaxed and natural, giving you the appearance of a calm, collected speaker. This technique also works for people with the opposite problem, those who gesture too much. Holding your hands at the ready can feel like a gesture and give your hands something to do other than flapping.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.556208
Retrieved Text: What has hands and a face, but can’t feel anything?
What did the bar of soap say when he saw his friend Gene?
Filed Under: Health and Body, What Did?
What should you do when you are stressed?
Eat dessert! Because desserts is the opposite of stressed!
Why shouldn’t you have plastic surgery?
because it’s rude to pick your nose.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.49157
Retrieved Text: A synergistic blend of essential oils in 100% Organic Jojoba Oil to help balance the Crown Chakra (Sahasrara).
Massage into feet/hands focusing on brain, head, and pineal gland reflexology areas to strengthen trust, inspiration, and positivity.
Feet: All five toes opposite side to nail bed (right and left toes). Hands: Along top crease line of all four fingers, moving up towards fingertips (right and left fingers).
Feet: Middle of the first toe, opposite side to nail bed (right and left toes). Hands: Middle of thumb, opposite side to nail bed (right and left thumb).

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.410305
Retrieved Text: It is not uncommon for wrist pain to be prevalent nowadays. With the way we use our hands, typing away on computers and cell phones, the need to relieve that tension and build up strength is necessary for our wrist health.
Here are 7 exercises that I use to help strengthen and stretch my wrists. Try them as you catch a break from your laptop or if you need a good wrist warm up before beginning your yoga practice!
If you have any wrist injuries, please consult a doctor to see if these are right for you.
With elbows bent and hands in front of you, move your hands in a circle, with the movement coming from your hands. Do 20 circles. Repeat in the opposite direction.
With your elbows bent and hands in front of you, begin drawing figure eights with your hands. The movement should come from your wrists, with your palms alternating between facing up and facing down. Do 15 figure eights.
Entend your arm out, with your fingers pointed upward and palm facing you. Then flip your hand so that your fingers point downward (so your thumb should point away from you). Cross the opposite hand under this extended arm and hold and pul your thumb towards your body while extending the rest of your fingers. Hold for 10 seconds. Repeat with the rest of the fingers on that hand. Then repeat the exercise on the opposite hand.
Get on all fours, with your hands directly under your shoulders, fingers pointed towards your feet. Slowly begin to sit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.033893
Retrieved Text: What do Derek Jeter, David Wright and Albert Pujols have in common? They all let the ball get ‘deep’. What does that mean you ask? Letting a ball get deep in the strike zone means simply hitting the ball later. Too many young hitters are told to ‘go get the ball.’ In our training facility we teach all our hitters how to hit to the opposite field. Players think if they don’t get the ball early they’ll get jammed. That is simply not true. If you lunge or chop down on the ball you are taking your hands away from your body and creating a swing that is simply too long. If you learn to rotate your body instead of going forward you will keep your hands ‘inside’ the ball and you won’t get jammed. No matter what pitch you swing at, you must keep your hands inside the ball to be successful. How does Derek Jeter hit so many inside pitches to right field? He pulls his hands inside the ball.
Look at your son or daughters swing. Do they get jammed a lot? As a right-handed hitter do you hit a lot of groundballs to the shortstop? Can you hit the ball to right field at will, and with power?
Learning how to go to right field will increase your bat speed. By allowing the ball to ‘get deep’ in the strike zone, you are learning to hit the ball later, getting better rotation with your body and increasing your bat speed and power. This type

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.99658
Retrieved Text: 50 The Play-Party in Indiana.
2. Right hand crossed, 3, the left hand back, You know very well what I mean.
b. The players stand in couples around the room, each girl being at the left of her partner. At 1, two adjacent couples enter center and face each other, the boys being opposite each other. They circle left. At 2, the two girls cross right hands and at 3, the two boys cross left hands.
The first couple then falls back to original position and the second couple passes on to the next couple at the right who enter the center. At 4, the two couples face, the boys being opposite each other. Each boy takes the right hand of his partner and swings, then, at 5, the left hand of the contrary girl and swings.
At 6, the couples are again facing each other. The girls turn left, the boys right; each boy takes the right hand of his partner and passes her by the right; he then takes the left of the contrary girl whom he passes by the left. The second couple then return to their original places and the figure is repeated with the third and fourth couples. Continue repeating until every couple has been in the center.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.878295
Retrieved Text: The following stretches should be done morning and night. These are designed to reduce tension in the upper back. Do not force any of these.
Place your hands on your hips with your feet about as wide as your shoulders. Bend to each side while moving your eyes to the side that you are bending. Let the arm on the side that you are bending over slide down along your leg. Hold for a count of fifteen and repeat to the opposite side. Repeat this three times.
For this exercise, stand with your feet apart and your arms straight to the side. Bend over and twist reaching towards the opposite knee or foot. Hold for a count of fifteen and repeat to the opposite side. Repeat this three times.
Sit and cross your arms holing on to the opposite shoulder. First twist as far as you are comfortable. Hold this for a count of 15 and then repeat to the opposite side. Repeat this three times each. Next, bend and twist while you exhale. Hold this for a count of 15 and repeat to the opposite side. Repeat this 3 times to each side. Finally, bend forward as far as you can while blowing your breath all the way out. Let your arms hang between your legs. Hold this for a count of 15 and repeat 3 times.
Lie on your back and place a pillow under the middle of your abdomen Take both arms and raise them so that your hands are above your head. As your chest loosens,

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.845067
Retrieved Text: Anthony just lost his job and girlfriend. Rather than mope around, he takes to the woods to find peace in his family’s timeshare cabin. What he doesn’t know is that an old childhood acquaintance, with a polar opposite personality, is also taking refuge there. Eaton’s debut feature film is a comedic tale of an odd couple coming to terms with the odd hands that life has dealt them.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.811108
Retrieved Text: 1-4 1st couple in both sets, lead down (right hands) to cross below 3rd couple, cast up to 2nd place on opposite sides.
5-8 1st couples, 1st woman with 3rd couple, 1st man with 2nd couple, dance right hands across. Finish facing 3rd corners.
9-16 1st couples half reel of four with 3rd corners, pass right shoulders, then half reel of four with 4th corners. 1st couples again pass right shoulders, to finish facing inwards in 2nd place on opposite sides.
25-30 1st couples cross right hands with partner, then cast to their right (woman around 3rd woman, man around 2nd man) to dance in the top or bottom of the set.
31-32 Both 1st couples dance right hands across, half way round.
35-40 All drop hands. In the left hand set (viewed from the top), 1st man followed by his partner dance down, across below 2nd couple (in 3rd place), cast up one place on the ladies side, and the man crosses to 2nd place on his own side. In the right hand set, 1st woman followed by her partner dance up, across above 3rd couple (in 1st place), cast off on the men's side, and the woman dances crosses to 2nd place on her own side. (Fig. 2). All finish in the opposite set, in order 3, 1, 2.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.781027
Retrieved Text: 'The Mediator Between The Head And Hands Must Be The Heart' is the new title of the forthcoming Sepultura album which is due for release in October.
The Brazilian quartet Sepultura are set to release 'The Mediator Between The Head And Hands Must Be The Heart' later this year. The band recorded the new album with Ross Robinson, who worked with the band on their release 'Roots' back in 1996.
“I was inspired by a phrase which is the main message of the story: "The mediator between the head and hands must be the heart" to express what we are saying on the lyrics. In the movie, a crazy millionaire wants to transform a robot into a real person. That's kind of the opposite of what we live today. More than ever we are robotized, through the worldwide web, Google glasses, chips under our skins and the globalized slavery our society suffers nowadays. The phrase points to the heart as being the human factor who keeps a man, a man, not a robot. The heart beats with freedom of choice, we have to think by ourselves to create a real world, not a matrix.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.74611
Retrieved Text: Not all good decisions end well.
Bikkie doesn’t deserve pie. He wanted to do the opposite of what Hwan wanted to do.
When this is all over, I want Bikkie to get his own spin-off story.
The missile just missed them. By that much. No one seems rattled. She planned that didn’t she? Next time let Bikke argue the point and Hwan sit in the back.
The Hwan that got away.
I’m not normally prone to hyperbole, but Bikkie is the best comic character since cavemen stated scratching pictures on stone walls.
Everyone that does NOT want Bikkie to have his own spin-off raise your hands. Good. I don’t see any hands raised. Looks like it’s unanimous, Chris. You can never retire Bikkie.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.688366
Retrieved Text: Also known as the “Plain Set”. You’ll find this danced at most ceilis worldwide.
First side couple is on the left of first tops and the Clare-style reel step is used for the reel figures and the “rising jig” step for the jig figures.
Search YouTube for other videos of this set. See below for embedded videos of the full set.
In addition to the videos below, videos for each figure are available through the icon at the top of each figure.
Pass Through, Change places, pass back Partners drop hands and couples dance through each other, R to R, ladies in the center (2b). On reaching the opposite position, partners take R hands and the lady turns under the gents arm while they change places (2b).
4 Gallop In waltz hold, couples with top ladies sidestep across the set, gents passing back to back with hop 1234567 in 2 bars.
Top lady couples gallop back to place, ladies back to back.
5 Double ladies chain Top ladies take right hands in the centre and chain to the opposite gent. As they reach the centre, side ladies begin the same movement.
All ladies give left hand to the opposite gent and turn clockwise under his arm as he dances anti-clockwise around them, all turning at the same time.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.656967
Retrieved Text: CLICK HERE to watch the YouTube video.
Lie on your stomach relaxing the upper body, neck and shoulders. Rest your forehead on your hands so your body is in a good straight position. Tighten the abdominal area. Lift the thigh off, then bring it back down, relaxing the abdominal area. Repeat the movement on the opposite leg.
Start off with one set of 5 repetitions on each side. Perform the exercise in a smooth controlled movement with a good stop at the top position. The intensity is light. The purpose of this exercise is to target the psoas muscle.
Lie on your stomach relaxing the upper body, neck and shoulders. Rest your forehead on your hands so your body is in a good straight position. Place the foam roller above the knee to extend the hip. Hold the position for 5 seconds. Return to the starting position and repeat the movement on the opposite side.
Start off with one set of 2 repetitions on each side, ideally holding the position for 5 seconds. The intensity is light. The purpose of this exercise is for the hip extension to stretch the front of the hip.
Begin in an upright standing position, maintaining good alignment with your head, shoulders and hips. Take a big step either forward or backward with your one leg. Your toes are pointing straight ahead and straighten your back leg. Tighten up your abdominal area. Shift your hips forward and hold this position for 20 seconds. Return back to the starting position and repeat the movement on the opposite

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.643345
Retrieved Text: This document is a copy of ARC's What Have You Heard? Where a series of related questions follow a statement beginning "I've heard that.."
- Prepared by ARC (B.C.), 1991, Victoria, B.C. Thanks to Mavis Giilie for all her work.
Today the Aboriginal people and other Canadians stand on opposite shores of a wide river of mistrust and misunderstanding. Each continues to search through the mist for a clear reflection in the waters along the opposite shore. If we are truly to resolve the issues that separate us, that tear at the heart of this great country, Canada, and this great province of British Columbia, then we must each retrace our steps through our history to the source of our misperception and misconception of each other's truth. The challenge is to define, clearly, new visions and pragmatic mechanisms that will allow our cultural realities to survive and co-exist. We must seek out those narrow spots near the river's source where our hands may be joined as equal and honourable partners in a new beginning.
Question set 2: "Special treatment"
For questions about ARC, refer to What is ARC?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.641483
Retrieved Text: Learn the basics of how to do Stop N’ Go with an unresponsive yoyo and the four major variations. This trick is great for adding a variety of transitions into a yoyo routine.
That is the basic sidestyle variation. Then there is also the basic frontstyle variation. Then there is the sidestyle throw variation, and the frontstyle throw variation.
So, to do the most basic sidestyle variation of this trick, you just want to throw a Breakaway. Then you want to go into an undermount, take your throwhand and bring it about halfway between the yoyo and your opposite hand. Then, wrap your throwhand around the yoyo one more time. Then just like with a regular bind, you want to bring your throwhand straight up, and the yoyo is going to come right back into your throwhand. So you will see that this loop and the string attached to your throwhand are actually winding around the yoyo in opposite directions, so if I just pull my hands apart with my throwhand going down and my opposite hand going up, the spin of the yoyo starts again. Now, there is going to be an extra wrap around the bearing, so all you have to do it just undo that.
Now, because a Stop N’ Go is essentially just a regeneration, the yoyo is now spinning in the opposite direction, in a frontstyle throw. Now, for the frontstyle version, all you need to do is bring yourself into a front mount, bring your hand about halfway between your opposite hand and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.63844
Retrieved Text: Birthing is very…private. So, what about privacy?
This is a very good question, and I am glad you asked. Because of the sensitive nature and intimacy of the experience, I completely respect your privacy. I understand confidentiality and professionalism. As far as privacy during labor and the birth, that is completely up to your level of comfort. I am perfectly comfortable with hands on support or the complete opposite. I am extremely flexible, and I respect the mother’s wishes.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.553986
Retrieved Text: Hold reins at your normal working length. With reins even, plant your hands on each side of your horse’s neck and don’t move them.
Perform school figures using your legs and seat for steering. Lengthen to a stretch and repeat.
Repeat: 1 minute working, 1 minute stretchy, x 2.
Focus: Only use the reins to keep your horse’s neck and head straight. Introduce bend with your legs.
Focus: Notice when your hands want to move. What triggered the motion?
Focus: Your horse should seek the bit. Use leg to go forward if they don’t.
Tip: Make sure both reins have even contact and are not loopy.
Tip: If you are losing the control of the shoulder (your horse is escaping through the outside rein), perform a circle in the opposite direction.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.468581
Retrieved Text: Reblogged: What You Say Vs What They Hear – Random. Structured. Haphazard. All Me.
I keep wondering what is it that makes my kid do the opposite of what I ask (read threaten/yell) him to do.
Stand still gets interpreted as be anything but still.
Be quiet or HUSH= keep chattering incessantly.
Just a minute/second= I want it NOW!
Give me a minute to catch my breath= peppered by demands.
No iPad/TV = GIVE iPad/TV NOW!
Let’s eat dinner= I want JAMP (jam).
Let’s each lunch= I want chips!
Let’s brush your teeth= eating the toothpaste.
Rinse your mouth properly= water trickling out of the corners of the mouth with zero rinsing having taken place.
Enough ketchup= squeezing out another massive glob of it.
Eat properly with the spoon= eating with both hands in one go and looking absolutely simian in the process.
I’M ANGRY WITH YOU= thousands of kisses rained on my face as a bribe.
GO STAND IN THE CORNER= slowly inching away from the corner and smiling like an evil monkey.
Let’s not put the Play Doh on the sofa= rubbing it even more into the fabric.
Don’t write on the walls= put handprints with paint instead.
GO TO SLEEP= STAY UP AN EXTRA HOUR JUST TO SPITE ME.
Clearly I live in the Land of Opposite and MLM is King!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.455573
Retrieved Text: What Helps Arthritis in Fingers?
Home » What Helps Arthritis in Fingers?
The symptoms of arthritis can stop anyone in their tracks. Finding help for arthritis in hands is crucial to keeping up with your daily schedule without significant pain. Arthritis affects nearly 50 million Americans and managing symptoms is key in dealing with the disease. From finding good gloves for arthritis to making an exercise plan tailored to your needs, managing arthritis is a daily commitment. But what helps arthritis in fingers?
Firstly, what are the symptoms of arthritis that those suffering from it are trying to mitigate? There are many types of arthritis which can affect the hands in different ways. The most common forms of arthritis are osteoarthritis, which is a result of worn-down cartilage; rheumatoid arthritis, which is caused by an autoimmune disorder; and psoriatic arthritis, which is associated with psoriasis. However, no matter the cause, most forms of arthritis can cause issues in the hands. Arthritis sufferers can experience painful and stiff joints, swollen fingers, numbness, and growths on the fingers.
Help for arthritis in hands comes in several forms. While there are medical treatments to address symptoms of arthritis, making lifestyle changes is a way to take control of your treatment plan. Simple things like keeping hands warm can make a tremendous impact on arthritis pain. Finding gloves for arthritis to provide warmth and compression can reduce soreness and stiffness in joints. When joints are supported, they’re less likely to experience a flare up. Avoiding triggers, like the cold, can also make a big

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.224111
Retrieved Text: That’s a lot further north than me!! It’s in a whole other country!!(giggle) I’m in Carlisle, Flo. We are 10 miles off the Scottish border.
He will worry if you don't talk to him.
She's going to email Mr. Murray and ask him not to increase the lyrcia next time. The decision is in his hands now.
3 monthly is awesome! I’m still on 1 monthly lol. What was decided about the lyrica?
Hope you are enjoying your day out!!
They're 85 miles NW of Inverness...right on The Minch opposite the isle of Skye! Where are you?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.221389
Retrieved Text: Incorporate these exercises into your workouts to give undertrained muscles the attention they deserve.
Squats, deadlifts, and bench presses will get you big, but taking care of your smaller muscles—like your rotator cuff, low traps, and gluteus medius—will keep you injury-free. Think of them as your body’s support system, which stabilizes your larger muscles. Without them firing on all cylinders, you’re screwed. Give smaller muscles the attention they deserve by working these moves into your routine.
WHAT IT WORKS: Tensor fasciae latae, hip flexor, glute.
WHY DO IT: The pull from the band opens your hip and provides a deeper stretch.
WHEN TO DO IT: Pre-workout to open your hips or as a static stretch post-workout.
DO IT: Loop a band onto a squat rack. Step inside the band with your inside leg and walk out until there is tension in the band. Get into the pigeon stretch position with the band pulling into your hip joint—either straight back or at a 45-degree angle. Switch sides and repeat.
WHAT IT WORKS: Gluteus medius.
WHY DO IT: This often-neglected muscle takes a backseat to the gluteus maximus during lifts unless it’s regularly engaged.
WHEN TO DO IT: Perform this exercise before deadlifts or squats to wake the muscle up or superset with heavy lifts.
DO IT: Wrap a mini band just below the knees and lower into a quarter-squat position. Keeping your feet flat on the ground, allow one knee to dip in toward your midline in a slow and controlled motion. Keeping your opposite knee still, press the inside knee back out to the starting

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.177408
Retrieved Text: As a mom of a child with Autism, I find that he often has his hands in his mouth and I worry about the alcohol in hand sanitizers that he's exposed to at school and elsewhere. I know that, especially in cold and flu season, that the benefits of using hand sanitizer can outweigh the issues that I have with the alcohol and other chemicals found in most hand sanitizers, but what if I can get all of the benefits without all of the problems?
My review: I absolutely love Prefense. It has a great scent that is completely the opposite of alcohol-based hand sanitizers, so I don't feel that I have to clothespin my nose when I'm applying it. And speaking of applying - it is so much easier to get exactly the amount of sanitizer I need. My hands don't feel wet and sticky for what feels like hours after applying it. I also love that you don't have to constantly re-apply it, even after hand-washing or in Liam's case, making hand prints in puddles!
You can win your own large 8 oz bottle of Prefense!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.164487
Retrieved Text: Announcing Northern Karma Spring Weekend 2017!
Hate to love or love to hate it, there's no denying that Pigeon Pose is a super important stretch to incorporate into your practice - your hips will thank you for it!
Whether you're a runner or cyclist upping the mileage over the summer months, or simply spending more time than you'd like sitting behind a desk, chances are your hip flexors - particularly the psoas and piriformis - are getting overly tight, which in turn can cause all sorts of nasty low back and sciatic pain.
You don't even have to get out of bed for this one. Simply cross the left ankle to rest on the opposite thigh, interlace fingers behind the thigh and draw legs towards the right shoulder. Keep the foot flexed and upper body relaxed throughout, seeking to push the left knee away and the right knee draws closer.Repeat on opposite leg.
As with supine version, cross right ankle onto left thigh then slowly bend the left knee in towards the chest. Keep spine long and chest open, hands press into floor behind the back. Repeat on opposite leg.
Sitting cross legged, take hold of one foot and place the ankle bone on top of the opposite knee. Keeping the spine long and shoulders back, slowly bend forwards from the hips.
Starting in a lunge position, hands either side of your right leg, slowly shuffle the right foot over toward the left hand. Find a comfortable way to bring your right knee to the floor - if the shin cannot lie

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.13526
Retrieved Text: Now, while looking at the chart, begin bouncing on the mini-trampoline. Bring your concentrated attention to the direction of the arrows as you bounce up and down. At the bottom of each bounce and with your hands extended in front of you, move your hands up, down, left or right in the direction of each arrow as you move your eyes across each line of arrows from left to right. 'Attend' to each arrow with every bounce and move your hands in the appropriate direction without missing a bounce. If you skip a bounce or mess up in an arrow direction, start all over again. Continue with this until you can go through the whole series without error.
Next, begin bouncing again, but this time, start in the lower right hand corner and work backwards from right to left, bottom line to top line. Again move your hands in the direction of the arrows as you bounce, and continue until you complete the whole series without any mistakes.
Next, begin bouncing again, but this time start with the top line going from left to right and moving your hands in the same direction as the arrows. When you reach the second line, move your eyes from right to left and move your hands in the opposite direction of the arrows. When you reach the third line, move your eyes from left to right and move your hands in the same direction as the arrows. When your reach the fourth line, move your eyes from right to left and

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.133733
Retrieved Text: A tattoo of a hand can seem like a simple design that doesn’t say much but hands are incredibly expressive, with signing entire languages are used with hand gestures to communicate with each other, different countries have different sign languages making the variety of ways to communicate through hands vast.
While not many people know sign language, we all know a lot of hand gestures and use them every day without thinking too much about it, some of these gestures are universally recognized and some are specific to a certain culture and while they may mean something in one country they can also mean the opposite to another.
Hand designs can be used to symbolize or represent countless ideas even when only one is used, the most common one hand tattoo is the peace sign and the next most popular one hand tattoo is quite the opposite, its the middle finger, both internationally recognized.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.105735
Retrieved Text: There are some evident differences between my card and Constance’s actual death. I’ve made it somewhat symbolic as opposed to an exact replica. I’ve taken alot of my ideas from the wiki description.
Her physique exaggerates her sexuality/physical attraction/sensuality. There are a few factors that represent the opposite. Her deathly appearance the polar opposite of health. Her constriction opposite of comfort/delight/satisfaction. As you can see, her children are slightly different. They are now only hands on umbilical cord like appendages. A parallel to maternal instinct. The bottom hands (or youngest) claw at her womanhood. That is the ‘fertility’ aspect as they punishing the womb that created them.
The normal Empress holds a scepter which represents power over life, she instead holds the arms of her child at bay, the power balance shifted. The rising water is the drownings, how a life giver can take it away.
I’ll explain the roses now. The Empress wears a crown of twelve stars; representing dominance over the year. I’ve connected the story of Demeter. The twelve ‘stars’ represent her rage. The two unopened buds are the souls of her children, the rest are the mens lives she took. Her control over living things, to take life away.
Barren are the branches that connect them all to her.

================



======= Instance Index 8106 =========
Input Text: Where do families begin?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- wedding
- around dinner table
- supermarket
- dinner together
- park

Target Text: wedding

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.440216
Retrieved Text: Home > FAQ > Admissions FAQs - Living in Bangkok > Where do most families live?
Where do most families live?
One of the great advantages of NIST is its central location in downtown Bangkok. We’re within easy reach of shopping centers, hospitals, dining, green spaces and entertainment the city has to offer. As a result, most NIST families choose to live near the school, and near public transportation. This also helps to substantially reduce the commute time to school.
We are unable to provide specific recommendations for condos, apartments or homes, but many real estate sites can be found through a Google search.
Will my child have to complete any tests before they can begin classes?
What is the traffic like? Does the school provide transportation?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.778385
Retrieved Text: You can support vulnerable families…It Starts With Housing!
What would you do if you had two children to support, no place to live, and no income?
Unfortunately, this is the harsh reality for so many families. Your gift ensures that IHO can develop high-quality affordable homes for families, seniors and others in need. Each donation will expand our services and economic self-reliance programs which will equip our residents with the tools and resources they need to chart a path to self-sufficiency and empowerment.
IHO believes that vibrant communities start with housing, where our residents begin to dream again, become leaders and mentors in their communities, and move toward housing independence.
With your generous support, families can live, dream, and thrive!

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.143198
Retrieved Text: Weekly reflections and resources for children and adults. Check them out here.
Each week Jess Pinkerton from Emmanuel Uniting Church in Enoggera posts a new devotion for families. Check them out here.
Scott Guyatt explores faith on the home front and how families can practice and express their faith outside a church setting. Check on the link to his article here.
Begin by quieting the children before bedtime.
Take a few minutes before bedtime to guide children in reflecting on their day using these questions.
Where do you find God in the world around you? Do you encounter God in nature, in the people around you, in a church, in the beauty of the arts, the disciplines of science, or the mundane moments of daily life? All of these are places where we can experience God’s presence and grace. Each day take a photo (or more) that evokes the presence of the divine. Have every family member share their photos in the evening at dinner or bedtime, and tell everyone how the photo helped them see God in their day.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.0411
Retrieved Text: The landscaping looks natural and visually organized which helps children to understand where their play areas begin and end.
Diann Gano owner and director of Under the Ginkgo Tree started her journey of developing her Nature Explore Classroom by happily removing all the plastic and licensed play materials from her outdoor area. As she re-created her backyard into an outdoor classroom, the permanent swing set was the only piece of equipment that remained unscathed.
The layout was designed by observing where the rough and tumble areas were and where children went to read or do quiet, calm activities. Native perennials now border areas with color and aroma. While each area is separate, they flow together beautifully, which Diann believes benefits the play of the students as they organize their adventures and stimulate their senses.
The majority of the day is spent outdoors with children under five years of age. Obstacles were removed to keep areas versatile enough that one area could grow or shrink on demand, allowing interests to lead the children’s activities.
Families and alumni have donated many items. One family donated over 15 Hosta plants with three different varieties. Flowers are dead headed and the seeds collected for next year’s planting or to be shared with families, friends and visitors. Children and families stay involved by splitting and sharing perennials, bringing in new bird feeders or donating bird seed. Birds and butterflies, along with small animals visit the classroom regularly.
A sense of ownership was established by sharing with the children and their families in the development and transformation

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.0336895
Retrieved Text: We all have wishes—those deeply personal longings that settle quietly in our hearts. They speak of the more we desire for our relationships, careers, families, and to whom we want to be. So often these wishes get buried underneath fears, lost in the busyness of life, or simply left untried because we just don’t know where to begin. What if we could move past the wishing? What if our hidden dreams could come to life?
In this vulnerable and courageous book, Jen DeWeerdt shares her own personal journey of moving past the wishing and invites you to begin an adventure of your own, determined not to let life pass you by. What do you really want out of your one and only beautiful life? What are you willing to do to get it? It is time to move past the wishing!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.991049
Retrieved Text: The breaking of that awful feeling of isolation is the greatest gift one Angelman family can give to another . . . Those of you who will share your experiences will do it because in the Angelman family, that is what we do. Whatever problems you have to meet, others not only understand, but have found a solution. Whatever road you have traveled, others have traveled before you, so there is no need to travel alone.
Families sometimes don’t know where to turn once they’ve received a diagnosis. It is life-changing and can be overwhelming. The ASF has been supporting Angelman families for over 25 years. We and our network of families are here for you.
Fill out the form below. We will add you to our AS Families email list and send you a packet about AS and information about ways the ASF can help as you begin this journey.
Use this website to become acquainted with Angelman syndrome and some of our services, like the Family Resource Team. Learn about the latest research to find treatments and a cure for Angelman syndrome.
Connect with the world-wide Angelman community of families and supporters through our social media channels.
4. Have a specific question and want to contact the ASF right away? Call us at 800-432-6435 or email us at info@angelman.org.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.959893
Retrieved Text: Estate planning is a task some people might procrastinate accomplishing. However, it may also be one of the most important tasks they ever do. It is essential for families to discuss estate planning, especially if their loved ones might experience a decrease in the mental abilities necessary to make financial decisions.
Sometimes families might have trouble discussing estate planning for a variety of reasons. For instance, some people might be embarrassed that they need help managing their finances. Others might be in denial that they need help with their estate administration. Still, other families might have some sort of sibling rivalry that prevents them from discussing who is going to handle an aging loved one's affairs.
There are signs that family members can look for to determine whether or not their loved ones are beginning to need assistance with their estates. For example, when their loved ones begin forgetting to pay bills or begin not paying them completely, they might need assistance. Additionally, when they begin making irrational purchases or going through their savings accounts, it could be an indication that their mental capacities are declining.
It is a good idea for people to have their wishes for their estates be laid out for them in estate planning documents before they get to a point where they can't handle them themselves. Additionally, once family members determine that their loved ones have developed conditions that are affecting their capacities to make financial decisions, they should strive to gain as much information about those conditions as possible. Then, they can help

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.946096
Retrieved Text: Home / Forums / Social / The Lounge / URGENT NOTICE! -I.C.E Raids set to begin in the new year on Cambodian Community.
URGENT NOTICE! -I.C.E Raids set to begin in the new year on Cambodian Community.
Mr.Children 2 months, 3 weeks ago.
Spread the word. Help keep families together.
Looks like we have some progress! The fight is real. Help keep families together.
It’s too bad that most of these people’s parents didn’t make an effort to get them citizenship. It’s too bad that these people committed crimes. It’s too bad that out of 2 parties (Parents and Child)….one couldn’t make the smart decision. If parents got their children citizenship, it would have covered them if they committed crimes. If child didn’t commit crime, it would have covered parents’ stupidity to not get citizenship. One side couldn’t do the smart thing.
I dont know how i feel about this. I hate to see families separated, but should i really fight for those that committed criminal acts on multiple accounts? Mulitple crimes are typically required to justify deportation.
Most of these people would never fight for you! They can’t even fight for themselves. The government is smart..instead of shipping them all out at once, they spread out the deportations over time. They know that these people won’t fight for others..except their own families when it’s time. Still, those that are most affected often don’t stand up. Many been deported and nobody around them did anything…because they have no balls or embarrassed to have others know that somebody in their families are convicts.
Why would

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.944966
Retrieved Text: For adoptive families and expecting mothers alike, adoption is a long and intricate process. If you live in the Charlotte area and are considering adoption, you may be wondering how adoption in North Carolina works and how to begin the process.
Whether you’re looking for adoption resources, trying to find a professional, or simply wondering where to start, the resources provided here will help you pursue adoption in the Charlotte area.
All families must complete a home study before they can adopt or foster a child. When you select a home study provider, your social worker can give you detailed information of what the process entails. Generally, a home study involves a collection of documents, along with a home inspection and interview.
Consult the following links to find a licensed North Carolina home study provider.
The specialists at Nathanson Adoption Services are licensed to provide home studies, as well as other pre- and post-adoption services, in the Charlotte area.
Agency director Susan Brown has been working to help families complete adoptions for over twenty years. Triangle Adoption services has social workers located in multiple areas of North Carolina.
NCHS is licensed to complete home studies for families across North Carolina, and they also provide counseling services for families hoping to adopt.
Along with providing home studies and other adoption services to prospective families, this agency also has a 24-hour hotline for pregnant women in need of support.
Located in Greensboro, this agency is licensed to provide services to families in North and South Carolina.
Because each state has unique adoption requirements, you should become familiar

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.934745
Retrieved Text: A majority of folks in the fatherhood field initially learn about NFI because of our popular, core curricula: 24/7 Dad®, InsideOut Dad®, The 7 Habits of a 24/7 Dad™, and Fathering in 15™. But what some people don’t realize is that we also specialize in providing free resources to help you be successful in general in your work with fathers and families.
In fact, when NFI staff “walk” people over to our Resource Library on Fatherhood.org, they are astounded, and often overwhelmed!
Where do I begin? What do I look at first? What do you have that I need? These are the questions we often hear.
In this post, I will provide an overview of our Resource Library, what you will find there, and in some cases, how you can use it.
To begin, here’s the link to our seriously awesome Resource Library.
The Resource Library is organized by resource and media type, allowing you to click into any of the individual sections, or simply click ‘View All’ at the top.
A collection of all NFI program evaluations and studies that have been conducted over the years.
How to Start a Direct Service Fatherhood program… and more!
Practical Tips to Engage Fathers in Home Visits… and more!
Now it’s time for you to dig around and find what will help you and your fatherhood program!
We hope that these and future resources continue to help you meet the needs of the fathers and families you serve. Thank you for all that you do.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.65955
Retrieved Text: Labels are everywhere! We live in a world that labels everything from coffee cups and clothing to food ingredients and designer fashions.
While labels are helpful for things, they can be incredibly damaging when they define people—their value, character, or significance. And we do this all the time without thinking.
Change must begin to take place. So where do we begin?
We begin by learning how to love without labels. Few people understand this better than Barbara Newman. For more than 30 years, Barbara has provided education, inspiration, and transformation for churches and families typically disregarded by society. This interview is a must-see.
We tend to place significant value on what one does, how one looks, where one lives, what one drives, or what one wears—all dependent on what we deem valuable.
When it comes to those who are different—those labeled as diseased, deformed, disabled, depressed, poor, weak—their lives are most often disregarded. Candidly, such attitudes and actions are thoroughly divergent from Christ’s model and teaching.
Tragically, the church is not exempt from attaching labels. I am convinced that if Christ and the disciples attended a church today, they would be looked down upon because of their appearance, what they did, where they lived, and what they said. Stop and think about it for a moment. Isaiah even said there was nothing externally impressive about Christ, but Christ came because He views all of us as priceless, unconditionally loved, so significant that He died for us.
What are you doing in special needs ministry today?
What drew you into special needs ministry?
What kind of

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.624111
Retrieved Text: This has put mission work with children in a whole new light for me. Thanks for offering suggestions of what to do instead. Those are the kinds of practical things that help me give and pray more effectively.
You recieved compliments at your Church setting because you see the problem with orphanages. However, Let's start the real discussion on where we can actually begin with a solution. The answer is simple, yet very complicated. We, as Christians, have to get the culture we serve in to change how they cycle the orphans. I believe children raised in a traditional orphanages are not equipped to be successful as a family in the future, thus repeating an ancient and horrible cycle. We must teach family skills to them by being part of a core family. Foster families and adoptive families can break this cycle in children albeit not as well as the family of origin. Back to the start of the solution, teach, mentor and change cultures to be successful families. End the orphanage support and start the family unit care system all over the world. My favorite following line here is, "get off your donkey and serve." Go and do. Teaching all nations. What say you?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.598838
Retrieved Text: Where to start? In the past six months we have accomplished so much, it’s hard to know where to begin! Maybe the best thing to do is to start where we left off last August.
The basement project was completed this Fall. Don and Peggy Arndt, along with an insulating contractor, a sheetrock contractor, and a gang of volunteers, worked on making the basement warmer for our guests. They furred out the concrete walls, added insulation, added sheet rock, and finally painted the walls. Peggy then worked her magic and decorated the rooms—again! Each bedroom now boasts a queen size bed as well as a rocker/recliner. The larger room also has a twin size bed for those families who need more sleeping space.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.574456
Retrieved Text: The purpose of the Early Intervention program is to provide help early on for babies and toddlers who exhibit significant developmental delays.
Davis Early Intervention is a family centered teaching program where staff and families of eligible children, birth to 36 months, work together to help children grow and develop. Motor and speech specialists, developmental specialists, nurses and social workers provide Early Intervention services at family homes, childcare centers or hospitals.
Through the power of play and parent coaching, we help families and children develop resiliency and problem solving for a bright future.
Is there a charge for Early Intervention services?
There is no fee for evaluation. If a child qualifies for Early Intervention services, there is no fee for ongoing assessments or service coordination. As required by the Utah State Legislature, a monthly fee is charged for direct services. The amount of these fees are determined by a sliding scale (Spanish slide scale).
How do I contact Davis Early Intervention?
Call 801 402-5408 to make a referral. Once a referral is made, a member from an Intake team will call to schedule an appointment for an evaluation. If a child qualifies, an Individual Family Service Plan (IFSP) is written and services can begin.
Early Intervention services are best provided in a family-centered program where parents and professionals work as partners.
All children deserve the opportunity to grow in a nurturing environment that encourages optimal development.
Families are the experts on their child.
Families can develop the skills needed to promote the development of their child.
Families can develop skills to become lifetime advocates for their child.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.454075
Retrieved Text: Founded in 1973 by Queensland families to connect, engage and share in the early stages of parenthood, Playgroup Queensland continues working to empower families to support each other and advance their child’s development through the fundamentals of play.
With over 30,000 playgroup sessions each year, Playgroup Queensland supports more than 10,000 families in metropolitan, regional, rural and isolated communities throughout Queensland by offering early years’ services aimed at helping parents connect with their children, and families to connect with their communities. In all regions, but especially remote and regional areas, Playgroup Queensland connects families to other services such as child health, allied services, kindergarten and school.
Playgroup Queensland’s ethos of recognising parents as their children’s first teachers is embedded in every activity and program impl emented by the organisation. Playgroup is not day care or child care; it is not a series of drop-off centres where parents leave their children in the care of others while they work, shop or simply take some time for themselves.
Playgroup is a place where families feel welcome; where mums, dads, grandparents and carers stay, play and bond with their children; a place where support can be as simple as asking the parent beside you for advice on what to do in various situations. Playgroup is a place where lifelong friendships begin and children are imbued with a love of learning through the richness of play.
To ensure it delivers programs suitable for the birth-to-five-year age group, Playgroup Queensland keeps up-to-date with all research delivered by early childhood experts in Australia and the world.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.383129
Retrieved Text: The food has been paid for in advance so that farmers don’t face the same degree of risk as they do with a standard farmers’ market. People in the community describe Fresh Stop Markets as welcoming and happy—like a family reunion where all five senses are engaged and there is lots of laughter, food and fun! We'll even provide recipes and free samples of delicious items that our chefs prepare on the spot.
Shares are $6 for families on the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC).
Shares are $12 for families who receive SNAP/EBT/Food Stamps or others with limited resources according to the above guidelines.
Shares are $25 for higher income.
NEW!!! You can also purchase a Food Justice Share. Pay $40 (retail price of the share). Put more money in the pot so all can eat!
Get more info or begin ordering for our New Albany Fresh Stop Market here.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.373349
Retrieved Text: The Registration Department at Portsmouth School Department welcomes all new families! We offer a contemporary registration system where families can register online via our InfoSnap system. Parents/guardians must make an appointment at the end of the online process to meet with our Registrar at our central office so that all data and documents can be verified. Please explore our Registration webpages to learn more about registration in Portsmouth Schools!
Registration appointments for the 2019-2020 school year for grades K-12 is now open. All Registration appointments take place at Portsmouth's Central Administration Office located at 29 Middle Road, Portsmouth, RI. Registration is by appointment only, we do not accept walk-in's. If you are more than fifteen minutes late for your appointment, you will need to reschedule. Please note, it can take up to two school days for your child to begin school after registration. Thank you in advance for your cooperation.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.356703
Retrieved Text: First impressions are important and as the saying goes, you only get one chance. Upon initial contact, people begin forming assumptions and opinions about your funeral home. This makes customer service a vital function in your operation. From the time your phone rings, your families are evaluating your funeral home.
Many people could tell horror stories about the way they were treated by customer service, whether by phone or in person. In a setting where your main task is interacting with people, you can’t afford to allow your customer service to be lacking. When your phone rings, you have an obligation to ensure that callers receive great customer service.
Once a person has called your funeral home and the phone starts to ring, your end of customer service has begun. A phone line shouldn’t ring more than a couple times before it’s picked up. Any longer and the person may hang up or begin to form negative opinions of your funeral home. Having someone available to answer calls is crucial, especially when you're away or after regular hours.
Because death is such an emotional and sensitive issue, you want to provide a sense of urgency as well as calm to your calls. This starts with the length of time you let the phone ring, especially in cases where the caller may be panicked. Long ring times convey that you lack respect for the reason someone called or that you may be too busy to adequately assist a family in need.
Once your call is picked up, families expect a sympathetic

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.265409
Retrieved Text: Friday, July 20 come out to the Lyric Theatre for Funk Fridays. Fun 4 Everyone will begin at 6:00 pm, where kids and their families can enjoy family fun time. Starting at 8 pm Funk Fridays will officially begin in the Deweese Street Community Room. Tickets are set for $5.00. Children 12 and under are free.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.254017
Retrieved Text: The month of February will begin very soon ! At this time Lent begins on Wednesday, February 14th along with Valentine’s Day! This journey of Lent will begin with God’s Love for us; and Valentine is the love we will share with our family and friends.
One might say that the Religious Education classroom is where the child hears about JESUS, but the home is where the child meets JESUS and where LOVE is taught! Throughout the Lenten season, share moments of generosity, prayer, alms giving, and attend mass on Sunday! The church often refers to the home as the domestic church. the home is a small community of faith where the family lives out most meaningful the generosity and goodness that JESUS taught!
We have our annual outreach to St. Robert’s Center which is located in Venice during Lent, where the center helps the homeless in the area.
On Ash Wednesday there will be a Lenten Service for our families of Religious Education at 4:15 PM in the church. All are welcome to attend this service.
With all these thoughts for the season of Lent and Valentine Day, I wish the families a very “Happy Valentine Day”and a very good journey of faith during Lent!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.186932
Retrieved Text: Springs brings excitement for many. There is excitement around the ability to leave your winter jacket and gloves at home. There is excitement in rolling down your windows and enjoying the warm wind. There is also excitement around the upcoming possibilities of summer vacation. Summer is a common time for vacations. Accept the excitement of spring and begin planning your summer camping vacation now. You may already have an idea of where you will camp and how long you will go for. However, take this time to also plan the specific activities and games you will do. These are the parts of camping that families tend to remember the most.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.155819
Retrieved Text: As part of the process on how to manage your Direct Payment (DP) we have now developed a way forward to make this easier for you.
To do this we will begin to roll out the ‘Aberdeen Pre-Paid Card‘ during 2019.
The Aberdeen Pre-Paid Card will help you with your DP. You will no longer have to manage a separate bank account or complete and submit financial audits. You will be invited to attend a briefing session where you can see how the ‘Aberdeen Pre Paid Card’ will operate and how it will help you.
The Social Care (Self-Directed Support) (Scotland) Act 2013 came into effect on 1 April 2014. This Act changes the way in which councils deliver social care and support services to individuals, families and carers.
Self-Directed Support (SDS) is the term that is used to describe the ways in which social care services and support will be offered to individuals and families.
SDS is all about giving individuals freedom of choice so they can get the kind of support they want, where and when they want it. The aim of the new Act is for supported people to be equal citizens with both rights and responsibilities.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.081416
Retrieved Text: DCYF is charged with creating an integrated approach to service delivery, which will help us re-envision how we deliver our system of services.
Our work began by looking at the current services we offer and considering how they contribute to positive outcomes for children, youth, and families. Currently we are working to identify challenges and successes across child welfare, early learning and juvenile justice programs and looking for opportunities to create a cohesive approach, increase efficiencies, and improve family experiences. We are identifying gaps in delivery of and connection to services in order to align the structure of our system with the outcomes we hope to achieve.
Our focus is on keeping children and youth from entering, having lengthy involvement with, or reentering child welfare or juvenile justice systems. From this, we plan to develop a better understanding of how the new agency’s programs and services can be best organized into a system to improve the health, education, and resilience of Washington’s children.
Here’s a sample of some of the key questions staff have worked to answer over the spring and summer in order to create a strong foundation for our work.
What are the existing programs and services available across each of DCYF’s service sectors?
What ages of children and youth are served by these programs and services?
How frequently do children, youth, and families access these services, and are they available when clients need them?
How do people reach necessary services? What is the system of referral for services?
How are systems of racial inequity being addressed through DCYF’s programs and services?
Which

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.025719
Retrieved Text: Do we have to be a member of your parish to attend school?
Why should I choose St. Barnabas to send my child for school?
Is there yellow bus service?
Do you offer a lunch program?
No — students of all faiths and backgrounds are welcome at St. Barnabas! As a Catholic school, each student will be expected to participate in daily prayer and religious education. Mass is celebrated as a school community with students and teachers, and all family members are invited to attend.
At St. Barnabas, your child will receive an outstanding education to prepare them for high school and beyond in a safe environment where they will grow emotionally, morally, and physically.
Independence Mission Schools are a network of independent, Catholic schools dedicated to educating your child for a successful future. We do this by providing a high-quality academic program centered in Catholic values of charity, prayer, respect for everyone, and development of strong families.
Yes! St. Barnabas is a tuition-assisted school, with families receiving scholarships based on need. For more information, visit our Tuition & Financial Aid page.
Yes, bus service is offered.
Classes begin at 8:10 a.m. Students should be in classrooms by 7:55 a.m. Monday thru Friday. Dismissal is at 3:00 p.m.
Yes, lunch and breakfast are both free options for all students.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.01345
Retrieved Text: We are excited to announce that Swanton Community Playgroups are returning this February! Saturday Playgroups begin on February 9th and Thursday Playgroups begin on February 14th.
Saturday playgroups will be held every other weekend, with the exception of April, where only one will be held. Thursday Playgroups will be held on a weekly basis.
These playgroups are FREE and open to all parents and caregivers with children ages birth to six. Playgroups give parents and children a chance to play together, make new friends and share parenting ideas.
We do encourage families to create an account and register for our playgroups online. While there is no fee associated with playgroups, our online system will allow us to connect with you, via e-mail and or text message, should the need arise. We promise not to bombard you, only to share important and relevant information pertaining to playgroups.
Older siblings are always welcome on Saturday's and over school vacations.
Please note if the road conditions are questionable, winter playgroup will be cancelled.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.0111685
Retrieved Text: This team care manages individuals who have a learning disability whether mild, severe or profound. This can include those with Autistic Spectrum Condition.
How do I access the team - what is the referral route?
In order to determine eligibility for an adult social care service, we will begin to gather information about you and, where appropriate, will undertake an assessment of your needs, in line with The Care Act 2014 eligibility criteria (PDF 41.1KB) .
Anyone can make a referral providing they have the consent of the person they are requesting support for or it is in their best interest to be referred.
Previous page What can young people and their families in transition expect?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.956008
Retrieved Text: Prime Time Family Reading Time is returning this semester to seven Omaha locations. Each session of the six-week program is free and open to families and their children, ages 6 to 10, who struggle with reading, or for families with preschool children who need a head start in reading readiness before kindergarten. Programming will begin with a light meal and continue with storytelling and discussion based on award-winning children’s books.
Four of the sessions will be bilingual, with books read and discussed in both English and Spanish. One will focus on Native Americans using Native American folklore. One will be an English session, and the last will be a preschool session that helps children ages 3 to 5 develop reading readiness before starting school.
All sessions are offered without cost to families thanks to generous statewide sponsors including the State of Nebraska, Nebraska Cultural Endowment, Carol Gendler, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, the Peter Kiewit Foundation and the Sherwood Foundation.
Humanities Nebraska has offered Prime Time since 2002, reaching more than 7,000 Nebraskans in one or more of the 170 Prime Time series that have been held throughout the state. Seventeen public libraries, 15 elementary schools, and four community centers have hosted Prime Time in communities where student reading scores do not meet Nebraska state standards.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.908462
Retrieved Text: New MYC parents are invited to a short welcome and orientation session on January 14 or 15 where we will give a brief overview of the MYC community and welcome your questions. Parents of new singers are strongly encouraged to attend one of the sessions below that fits with your singer's rehearsal schedule. Sessions will last approximately 40 minutes.
Do you know how to smile and say hello while holding a pencil and clipboard?
For students ages 7-10, new sessions of introductory choir begin this Saturday, January 13 (Lake Edge Lutheran Church location) or mid-February (Westgate Studios) and registration is open on our website under the Join A Choir tab. Completing introductory choir is the first step toward joining a year-long choir for singers this age.
January orders are due Monday, January 22. (We will have the Big Red Box for submitting orders at our Open House!) Orders will be available for pick up at rehearsals January 28 and 29. Families receive $5/unit sold toward their fundraising contribution goal.
With winter back in full force in Wisconsin, please be reminded that we will publish rehearsal cancellations on our Facebook page, website and via email to MYC families. You may also sign up for text alerts from MYC.
With families spread across southern Wisconsin, we understand that weather and road conditions can be quite different throughout the area and recommend you make the best and safest decision for travel based on the weather conditions where you live. Please remember to always submit an absence form on-line if you are delayed or not

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.901758
Retrieved Text: As more nursing homes and assisted living facilities begin to shift toward a more pet friendly approach to help accommodate the emotional needs of their residents, seniors and their families should begin to examine the pros and cons of living with pets where facility rules permit. In addition to accounting for size and weight restrictions of pets that facilities may impose, individuals need to consider whether or not their age and health allow them to properly care for the animal as well.
For elders who have lost a spouse, living with a pet can provide much needed companionship, emotional support, and to provide the unconditional love and support we all need. However, pets need medical attention of their own which includes trips to the vet for shots, checkups, and medical treatment. Furthermore, animals can suffer from their own health problems like arthritis, pneumonia, and even the flu.
Other issues like the health of the elder can affect whether or not it may be suitable to keep a pet in old age or in an assisted living facility as canes and walkers do not always make for a good mix with certain types of pets. Frail elders with balance issues or those with vision problems may not be safe with even small dogs that run, jump, or are otherwise rambunctious. Additionally, it is not fair to the animal if its owner cannot take it for a walk, necessitating outside care for the animal.
While the ideal situation would be for our beloved elders to remain with the pets they care

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.865863
Retrieved Text: Volunteers play an essential role in the work of Manatee Habitat to create a community where children and families have safe, sustainable and affordable homes. Thanks to the hundreds of volunteers who provide their talent and time to Manatee Habitat we can continue to help local families create stability for their children and themselves and begin building for a successful future since 1994.
Manatee Volunteers assist in all aspects of the work of the organization including construction, ReStore and operations. There are a variety of volunteer opportunities for individual ages 16 and up to match interests and availability.
How do I begin volunteering with Manatee Habitat?
Click here to fill out our form and our volunteer coordinator will contact you shortly! For additional information on how to become a volunteer with Manatee Habitat, please contact Barbara Slater at 748-9100 ext 110.
Volunteer opportunities to work on new construction or neighborhood revitalization projects are available on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday mornings from 7:30-noon. Details on specifics times/locations for construction volunteer opportunities are available on the Volunteer Calendar for returning volunteers, or by contacting Barbara Slater at 748-9100 ext 110.
A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE MANATEE COUNTY HABITAT FOR HUMANITY MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING 1-800-435-7352 WITHIN THE STATE OR FROM THE WEBSITE WWW.800HELPFLA.COM. The Manatee County Habitat for Humanity registration is #SC-04917. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE.
Manatee County Habitat for Humanity has a Build Book on line that is used as a guide for

================



======= Instance Index 7747 =========
Input Text: Where can I get a drink?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- bar
- china
- a brothel
- theater
- space shuttle

Target Text: bar

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.549969
Retrieved Text: The funny thing is, I’m trying to cut back on my coffee intake. I go through these cycles where I hardly drink any coffee and then it’s all I can drink in the mornings. So, hopefully I can lay off the sweet libation for a while so I don’t get so jittery in the morning.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.533222
Retrieved Text: When I were a lad, we had this Soda Stream device, which you jammed a bottle into and pressed a button, and whatever was in the bottle would become carbonated. Then you'd stick some of the concentrated syrup into the bottle and get an instant soft drink. Two of the syrup flavours you could get were "monster" themed, and were blue and green, though I don't remember anything about them other than that. This story is almost completely irrelevant to this post but what the hey?
At almost $4 a can, I probably won't be trying Monster Energy again. OK, so it does come in a 473ml can, though the text on the side says "2 servings per can", I have to wonder how many people would buy a can and then only consume half of it. There isn't a precise figure printed on it for the amount of caffeine in it either - it just says "Energy blend" 2500mg (250ml cans usually have about 80mg of caffeine) and lists the caffeine along with a bunch of other ingredients included in said blend. It also says "Limit 3 cans per day", which is surprisingly high given the size of the can.
It has the usual vaguely-caramel energy drink taste, but is actually smoother as stated on the can. Not nearly as tangy as Red Bull, for instance. If they halved the can size (and price) I'd recommend it.
Go go, Gadget Sodastream Knowledge!!
One of the 'monster' soda flavours you speak of was the virulently scarlet Dracula's Blood. The other

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.345709
Retrieved Text: Knockout Energy Drink is a discount energy beverage made by K O Beverages.
Knockout Energy Drink has changed their formula from 320mg of caffeine to 160mg.
Knockout Energy Drink seems to portray the tough man (with the fist with brass knuckles on the can), but it also markets itself to the common man, advertising itself at "the beat down energy price of $1"
I was sent some Knockout to try out, so I'll see if its got what it takes.
As much as the taste left me wanting more, after consuming the entire can, the energy it provided left me wanting more as well (not what I expected since the can says it contains 320mg caffeine!).
As I did get a mild pick me up within 15 minutes of consumption, mild was as high as it got. At the end of the day, Knockout Energy Drink gave me enough energy rush to get me through a boring movie, but no where near the rush to climb in the ring fearless.
Yet, it's only $1, so I guess in this instance you really do get what you pay for.
Carbonated water, sugar, dextrose, citric acid, sodium citrate, natural and artificial flavors, taurine, caffeine, sodium benzoate, potassium sorbate, niacinamide, caramel color, sucralose, pyridoxine hcl, d-calcium pantothenate, yellow #5, vit.B12.
How Does Knockout Energy Drink Compare?
Knockout Energy Drink contains 10.00 mgs of caffeine per fluid ounce (33.81mg/100 ml).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.140131
Retrieved Text: I am a firm believer that you should not drink and drive. If you drink a lot and you drive, you should get busted. You could kill someone or die yourself. Police randomly put up checkpoints around our area so they can catch drunken drivers. I don't think that one beer will do too much to a person. The one-beer drinkers still smell like alcohol and when the police pull them over and they smell alcohol, of course they are going to assume that the person has had more than one. So they double-check that to make sure they are good.
I have been pulled over on several occasions and I never had one drink. I was in the DUI checkpoint line of fire. I personally want to avoid those areas so they can get the "other guy."
But where are these checkpoints set up?
I have noticed that in Tri-Cites they are always off the Benton Franklin Bridge. They always have one just down the street from the I-Hop in Kennewick as well. In the Yakima Valley, there is frequently one just past Legends Casino and right by Lateral A. It makes sense that there is one there because of the high number of accidents that have occurred.
Also, on I-82 by the Selah Bridge and at the Training Center Chevron. Where have you noticed DUI checkpoints in our area? Tell us in the comments below.
The bottom line is, don't drink and drive!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.108322
Retrieved Text: You would be amazed how many important outs you can get by working the count down to where the hitter is sure you're going to throw to his weakness, and then throw to his power instead.
There's no easier pitch to hit than a splitter that doesn't do anything.
You kind of took it for granted around the Yankees that there was always going to be baseball in October.
Hell, if I didn't drink drink or smoke, I'd win twenty games every year. It's easy when you don't drink or smoke or horse around.
I know Koufax' weakness. He can't hit.
I never threw the spitter, well maybe once or twice when I really needed to get a guy out real bad.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.064945
Retrieved Text: Can you suggest me some websites where I can get plus size clothes for women?
Lane Bryant sells nice clothes.
I think Roamans is great. I used them before I lost 70 plus pounds and I still occasionally use them.
If you are looking for beautiful Plus Size Dresses for girls I can suggest you 1 site which has the huge collection of Stunning Curves Dresses.
Where Can A Plus-Size Lady Buy Clothes On The UK High Street?
Where Can I Find Name Brand Plus Size Clothes Online Or North Carolina Nc?
What are some websites where I can get voucher codes for food and drink deals?
Hello, Could someone please suggest me a website from where I can get best apartment prices in Tel Aviv?
I Want Some Plus Size Tunics Women From Online Store Can You Suggest Me?
Do you know any online store where I can get plus size clothing for women?
Where can I get some school templates fro websites?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.985123
Retrieved Text: And I do. Oh yes, I do.
I also like margaritas, mudslides, fuzzy navels, toasted almonds, and just about any other girl-drink that mankind has concocted.
I drink the hard stuff too, for sure, but when I am on vacation, I basically slurp down anything that comes near me with a swizzle straw, little umbrella, or is served in a coconut.
Yes, when I am relaxing on vacation, I am a Girl-Drink Drunk.
And relaxing on vacation is exactly where I'll be, starting tomorrow.
Heading on down to the Dominican Republic for a week to see just how dark I can get this hot-blooded Sicilian skin of mine.
I won't promise that there will be stories of excessive gambling and general drunken silliness when I get back next week, but it's a pretty damn good bet.
See? I'm betting already! It's a sickness, I tells ya!
Anyway, be good people. I'll catch up with ya'll next week.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.972491
Retrieved Text: You will get quicker, friendlier service at a bar if you know how to ask for your favourite drink in English. Questions the bartender/server will ask you:... 3/06/2007 · Let's go out for a drink. this means you'll have to walk farther for a drink Let's go out and have a drink. maybe...a little wordy for me Edit: Only the first one is strictly "asking."
You will get quicker, friendlier service at a bar if you know how to ask for your favourite drink in English. Questions the bartender/server will ask you:... Design and print out a drink menu or two to set on the bar. Make it easy to read and understand. If you rename Make it easy to read and understand. If you rename a popular drink to fit a theme, include the common name so your guests can find the recipe later and make it at home if they wish.
Ask for suggestions for a review paper or a few research reports that would bring you up to speed. Ask if you can attend lab meetings as a fly-on-the-wall to absorb the controversies and decisions being made day-by-day. The very worst possible case is that you're told, "no." If so, you're already there. Next worst is that you invest your time and get only an education out of it. That's not so... I would suggest that you try not to manipulate your professor, and instead lay out your request and the circumstances very clearly. You didn't include your original message, so I can't judge whether

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.949688
Retrieved Text: It is best to drink when you know that you want to drown yourself in the unknown space and forget the world for just a little moment.
It feels good that you experience the dizziness that may have been different on your college examinations or workload in the office.
Every drop can make you think and say that it never been the same ever since you drink your first shot.
Now, you can browse these quotes as you may somehow relate and drink it up with your wine glass.
Life is a tequila where we get busy with the beautiful memories and absurdities in our lives.
You may never know if you need to drink these moments and let all of it get lost for a while.
In a cozy day, all we need is an engaging book, a delicious dessert and an alcoholic drink.
We need tequila to forget our memories that can haunt and trigger our deepest dark secrets.
You may wish for a companion that can make you feel like drinking all day with a cold liquor.
We may either need something that can make us forget the memories or feelings like a drink.
Tequila may feel like a wonderful journey to the west and beautiful meth for new memories.
You may feel like dancing, but you should never be afraid of your imperfection around you.
This liquor is our grim reaper of bad memories and devastations that can dig up our souls.
Drinking tequila can make me feel you dizzy out of happiness that you can forget everything.
You may need a book to escape reality,

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.926611
Retrieved Text: I've been trying to find stuff online but I've only found a few pages. Could you help me? (: THANKS!
to show their power oops !!! i mean in search of water??
Where are the graves of the people who died in the Titanic ?
Thought I would start up a mini comp and ask people to make up a short rhyme say 8 lines maximum on a particular subject. Can be in any style. The subject for this one should be easy it is 'Insomnia' Here is one to get the ball rolling. I toss and turn the whole night long, I’m still awake this is all wrong. First of all I get too hot, The window’s opened one more slot. My leg then goes into a cramp, I have to get up quick and stamp. It’s given me a big headache, And this is why I’m still awake! Yes I know it's bad, but I'm not asking for critique on it.
Why is the Battle of Gettysburg considered a turning point in the war?
Any people here intrested in WWII ?
What's the name of this patriotic video where 2 WWII veterans raise the flag everyday and one of them dies?
How could we streamline US government programs?
Make programs and agencies leaner and less intrusive, for instance. I feel that some agencies could be eliminated altogether, such as the FCC and the NEA~How do you feel about "trimming the fat" from parts of the US government?
Why did both the Union and Confederacy care about British neutrality during the civil war?
Is the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.905897
Retrieved Text: There seems to be conflicting information as to whether drinking water should be readily available in a tortoise table, or whether it is only available when bathing. If bathed regularly, say every other day, then is drinking water required in the table too?
I certainly would. The environment is a lot drier in the tortoise table and less humid than it would be in the wild where they can get moisture in other ways.
Plus tortoises only tend to drink deeply when no one is watching! It good to give them the choice. Some never drink while bathing.
Interests:I am a proud owner of two hermann tortoises, Archie aged 6 and Dolly aged 3. I also have a bearded dragon which we rescued called Spike and a cockatiel we called Bubbles, who we affectionately refer to as Bubba Boy..
Yes it is necessary. Some tortoises don't appear to drink when in the bath.
If the water dish is kept in the same place, they do learn where it is. I say water should always be available. On a table, I use a water dish surrounded by small stones so that soil doesn't get dragged in.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.8696375
Retrieved Text: While I was running around trying to organize my life for my trip last week, I missed this stunning little delivery. As someone who doesn’t drink, I drink a lot of Coke Light. It’s the one drink that the bar always has when you want something non alcoholic and like a friend of mine said, “at zero calories, it is indeed the 8th wonder of the world!”.
Following in the steps of Jean Paul Gaultier and Karl Largerfeld in recent years, this June Marc Jacobs adds his flair to my favourite can in the Sparkling Together campaign. Inspired by the era’s of the 80’s, 90’s and the 00’s, it’s a fun, whimsical celebration of all things women.
I can’t decide if I should keep these tins as collectors items (so I can finally say I own some Marc Jacobs) or gulp them down with my dinner.
Marc Jacobs key rings up for grabs!
MacBook perfume. I reckon this far is too far….
Awesome! Where can a person get these can’s I would like to get a few for my friends coca cola collection he will love it!
You should be able to get the cans and 2L Coke Light with the Marc Jacobs branding all over SA, it has been phased onto all their packaging (replacing the normal packaging for a few weeks/months).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.85452
Retrieved Text: Click “LIKE” for more healthy recipes!
Summer is just around the corner and the temperature is going up! The hotter it is, the easier we can dehydrate and we definitely want to avoid that! BUT, regardless of the temperature outside, we always need to stay hydrated and drink lots of water! I always start my morning with a glass of lime water (I shared that with you in my morning routine) and I drink tons of water all day long. But, of course, water can get boring sometimes and we begin to crave some more flavor. So today I’m sharing my top 4 detox/flavored water recipes to boost the taste of water while adding amazing health benefits!
These will not only hydrate you, but they will also cleanse your body, get rid of toxins, increase your metabolism, and even help you slim belly fat naturally! Watch the video to learn about all the amazing benefits each ingredient has! Try them out and let me know which one is your favorite!
How long do I leave the ingredients before drinking?
OMG I have an orchard and I never did this! Thank you I am drinking strawberry cucumber, cilantro, mint from my garden!
How long it will stay. When we can have it. Do we need to refrigerate it??
Dang, how much fruit do you need to have to refill them several times a day? x’3 Or do they mean you can drink the water and leave the fruit you already used in there, and just add more water.
I love the jars where did

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.8400755
Retrieved Text: What can be better and more fulfilling than books? It's food, of course! Never has anything else has combined more perfectly with a book. A book can have many reasons to stick on your mind. One of the reason could be that it has the most intriguing foods that makes you wonder and imagined the look and taste of it. Mere descriptions from the book is not enough for some of us to feel satisfied. Books has always been a great source of recipes. From potions to elixirs and varieties of other foods, it has never stop us from wanting. I remember reading Bittersweet by Sarah Ockler and it was full of cupcake recipes. I remember thinking about how I wish I can just grab the foods through the pages and yank it out and eat it instead of just reading about it and salivating. But because of the lack of ability to put my hands through the pages, I resort to making the food on my own with the help from recipes I found online. So I went in search for iconic foods from books and I found several recipes that looks so delicious! Definitely want to try these!
So someone had a vision to put kiwi in a pie! Who would have thought, eh?
Looks like it will taste great too.
You can get the recipe at The Reader and The Chef.
Omg! Don't that just look so cute! This will be perfect to enjoy with kids. You can get the recipe at Sweetopia.
Another recipe from The Reader

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.83659
Retrieved Text: Coffee is a nice beverage but also quite a hassle. Its main component we all crave is caffeine. Caffeine is the substance that makes us wake up and feel energised (if you haven’t been drinking for a while) or just getting back to a normal state of enduring the day (if you’re drinking too much). The thing with caffeine is that it stays in the body for hours after we drink. And if you’re a little sensitive like me, it can stay there too long and disrupt your sleep. Which means you sleep lightly and won’t get the much needed deep delta phase sleep where the body repairs and rebuilds.
Yes, but I can drink coffee right before I go to sleep and sleep well!
OK, and what is the first thing you need to get going in the morning?
Some people might have a tolerance for this, but most don’t. It becomes a vicious circle. Coffee to stay awake, sleep bad because of too much caffeine, more coffee to wake up, more coffee to get through the day, get to bed exhausted because you been high strung on caffeine all day then sleep bad because of caffeine. This is a stress on the body which we can see result in more belly fat, dark rings under our eyes and volatile temper if no coffee is found. We all have those “I NEED COFFEE NOW” friends right?
But we can all get through this, don’t worry.
Start with a coffee curfew. I don’t drink anything with caffeine after noon. Not even

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.735713
Retrieved Text: When someone asks you if you would like to have something, they make you an offer. You can either accept it or refuse it. Offers can be polite or less polite, and sometimes they can be more confident or less confident. If you are a learner of English, then you would probably like to know how to accurately express, accept or refuse an offer in this beautiful language. The article will show you how.
Would you like a cup of tea? / Would you like a biscuit or something?
Do you want a cup of tea? / Do you want a biscuit?
Have some more coffee. / Have another slice of cake.
A: Black coffee? B: Yes, please. / A: Tea? B: No, thanks.
Fancy a drink? meaning Do you want a drink?
Fancy some coffee? / Fancy a biscuit?
Can I get you something to drink? / Can I get you something to eat? / Let me get you something to drink. / Let me get you something to eat. / Can I get you anything? A cup of tea or coffee? Some juice? / Sit down and let me get you some cake.
A: Do you suppose I could have a glass of wine? B: Of course. You know where everything is. Help yourself.
Please help yourself to some coffee. / Help yourself to sugar.
Shall I fetch a nurse? / Shall I fetch the doctor?
Let me buy you a drink. / Let me carry your briefcase. / Let me help.
Should I help you find a good doctor?
Would you like me to take your

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.724766
Retrieved Text: Doctors, homeopaths, celebrities, probably the person you walked past on the street preach about water. Get your H20s people.
While I agree as a yoga instructor and most certianly as a mermaid about getting my drink on. It can be hard to drink all that water.
According to the National Library of Medicine people should be drinking between 91 to 125 FL OZ of water a daily.
Phew. That is a lot of water.
I need a camelback to drink that much water. Not to mention a map of every public restroom in the city.
The benefits of consuming water is many and varied. As a fashionista, it is one of the secret weapons for healthy glowing skin. It hydrates you from the inside out, helping to create younger skin and fighting break outs.
Water is also important to health. Properly hydrated, you can fight; illness, fatigue, and kidney issues, amongst other things. It is also a great hangover cure when you get your drink on with something other then water.
Drinking all that water can be hard. Especially if you are channeling a Detrol commercial and saying “Got to go, got to go.” Their are days where I succeed, and days I don’t, but to keep my water guzzling self on track, drinking from a cute water bottle is a must.
I was drinking from a Sigg water bottle specially designed for Lulu Lemon. It had cute sayings on it that made you want to reach out and drink from it.
Alas the Sigs are not dishwasher safe and cleaning them is difficult. After

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.704214
Retrieved Text: #Appturday: Stock Up Your Favourite Drinks On This Hip New App!
The concept of ‘Digital India’ just got better and, I kid you not, this app is going to change the way you party! In fact, it’s a blessing for Gen Y. HipBar essentially lives up to its name. Designed for hipsters, this app allows you to flaunt your bar, virtually. Yes, I am talking about a personalised bar on your mobile screens where you can stock up on alcohol bottles as and when you please! Pretty genius, right?
If you’re wondering how to get the drink in your hand from an app, we’ll quench your curiosity! The app has partnered with pubs and bars across Bengaluru where you can redeem your drink. For instance, a bottle of Resolute Pink Vodka has caught your fancy and you wish to enjoy it, one drink at a time, rather then gulping down the whole bottle at one go. HipBar has got you covered, wherein you can enjoy your drink whenever you wish to. The bar will have your personalised bottle ready for you whenever you drop by for a quick drink.
Frequent drinkers have another reason to rejoice with the app’s in-built cashback facility. Yes, that’s another reason to drink right there. *Yay* The app is a boon for alcohol connoisseurs who appreciate the finer things in life. Maybe, once the virtual bar expands with more beers to offer, the app will change the way millenials spend their Saturday nights.
Download it here for iOS or Android.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.676351
Retrieved Text: Q: Where can I buy tickets online?
A: Our website & Eventbrite page ONLY! We have NO association with any other companies like Groupon/Living Social. There are other events with a similar name and description, so be careful when purchasing tickets. Please make sure your tickets are for SOCIAL CITY'S 9TH ANNUAL ST. PATRICK'S DAY PUB CRAWL.
Q: How does the Pub Crawl work?
A: When you sign in you will receive everything you'll need (T-shirt, Koozie, Schedule, Etc). The T-shirt is your ticket which gets you in bars for free and access to drink specials. Your schedule tells you where to go and what time to go there.
Q: When can I sign in?
A: At Brothers on Friday, March 15th from 5pm-8pm OR Saturday, March 16th from 12pm-3pm. Please save your digital ticket to your your phone, or print it out for faster sign in.
Q: Can a friend sign me in?
A: YES. A friend may sign you in, or as many people as they want. If you are signing in for friends please know their full names and correct shirt sizes!
Q: What is included in my ticket price?
A: T-shirt, Koozie, Cover Charges ($5) per Bar, and Drink Specials and more!
Q: What are the drink specials?
A: Every bar will feature different drink specials which are exclusive to Crawlers. Check out our Interactive Map to view all the specials CLICK HERE.
A. NO. We do not issue refunds. You may transfer your ticket to friend if you are unable to attend the event. Please contact us if you are unable to attend

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.666778
Retrieved Text: I recently got a new car, when I use the windshield washers after I can smell the alcohol in the w/w fluid inside the car. It is because or where the air intake fir the HVAC system is in relation to the wipers but I'm wondering what kind of hassle I can expect during the Christmas RIDE season if I where to have just used the washers prior to being stopped at a RIDE check? I don't drink but do drive at night all the time.
A few years ago I was driving on a Sunday afternoon and was stopped at a RIDE check and was made to provide a breath sample. I was a little freaked by it because I had never had it happen before and I had not been drinking either. When I got home I realized I had a small squeeze bottle of lock deicer in my coat pocket that had leaked out, I never noticed because I had a bit of a cold and sense of smell was on the fritz. Oh well, they have got good sense of smell.
SmokeScreen wrote: I recently got a new car, when I use the windshield washers after I can smell the alcohol in the w/w fluid inside the car. It is because or where the air intake fir the HVAC system is in relation to the wipers but I'm wondering what kind of hassle I can expect during the Christmas RIDE season if I where to have just used the washers prior to being stopped

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.650809
Retrieved Text: 4. new, trendy eateries in hanoi?
where can i buy cadbury's drinking chocolate? i need my fix!
Anyone know where to get a bottle of Jagermeister?
31. German restaurant in Hanoi?
36. Faith and Begorrah it' s nigh on St. Paddy's and nary a word yet.
38. Moving to La Thanh st, good places to eat and drink?
Does someone know where I can find Fernet Branca in Hanoi?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.620007
Retrieved Text: Last year I was introduced to a funny looking can by Dave Thomas from New Marketing Labs at Inbound Marketing Summit 2010 in Boston. Weeks later I found out while reading @chrisbrogan’s tweets that it was a new all natural soft drink called Rain Forest Cola. I was very lucky to get a sample of 3 cans. I have been saving one of the three for a few months now. I could not get the rock candy to carry out an experiment. Besides, adding rock candy would comprise the health benefits of the drink.
What makes @rainbev unique it is diabetic friendly, it is in between an energy drink and a regular soft drink, and uses no chemical preservatives.
Overall I really think it has a good refreshing taste considering that it is healthy.
7 Grams in each 12 oz.
I appreciate and thank @rainbev & @shilpandya for sending me a few samples I am just waiting for them to reach Puerto RIco since their toad looks very similar to our Coqui it might be a reason for many people on the island to try it out.
Disclosure: We where given 3 sample of Rainforest Cola. We do value any gift like this one priceless but we don’t feel that this influenced the writing of this post in any way.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.576575
Retrieved Text: Any day that you get to begin the day with a Double IPA from Captain Lawrence brewing is a good...good day. And, luck have it, I get to repeat this day again!
I get to go to TAP NY.
Last year I did not make an utter fool of myself and get myself barred from one of the finest beer festivals NY has to offer. Either that or I did but they are willing to give me a second chance to redeem myself / blow it and drink barrel aged stout all day and mumble incoherently about the lack of cask milds in the US like I'm Ding.
Both of these are pretty meaningful to me. In REALITY (self-deprecating humor aside), it means that someone liked what I wrote. Which feels good, y'know? In a world where a lot of things are going wrong, something that I DID went right. I guess. I'm not gonna look into it too deeply ere I find something contrary to that notion. But, as I am in a world where a lot of things are going wrong, TAP NY presents a bit of a quandary for me. I really can't drink heavily / all day anymore. I thought about this for awhile: would it be ethical for me to accept press passes when I can no longer swig export strength stout anymore?
After mulling it over for awhile, I realized (much like previous) that there were two things. One is the fact that, across the nation, craft brewing is slowly inching towards accepting low

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.571069
Retrieved Text: Hello! I am a 23 year old Singapore Girl living in Singapore. My name is Jessica and I work at a Subway restaurant in Singapore where I worked for 3 years. I work part time at a Singapore night club that my brother and his Singapore friend own. I love to go dancing. But I do not like to drink so much.
But something I love to drink is Bacardi Beezer and a beer once in a while. Before I work full time on the night club but I have chosen to work at Subway because it’s too much drinking. When you’re working in the night club and customers and friends who want to buy you a drink it gets to be too much is not good.
I cannot stand all the drinking and I can have fun without getting drunk. But now I’m working with 2 -3 days a week and that is just right so my brother and his Singapore Friend get some time off. A Singapore Friend tell me about Singlegirlscupid.com.
So I thought that maybe I can meet a nice man here in Singlegirlcupid.com as my Singapore Friend has done she was in Singapore to get a stamp in the passport she was going to her new boyfriend in England. I am as you see a hard working Singapore Girl who likes to have fun sometimes.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.56395
Retrieved Text: The storm of the night abated to the past.
looks on with its majestic stance.
continue to drink calmly from the stream.
newly snared meal from the stream.
a log he was propelling upstream.
before he dives in again..
as moonlight shines upon them.
and lowers his head for a drink.
floating twig where minuscule turtle perched.
Graced by nature’s wrath... then peace within.
Thank you... the photo i used above is the closest image I can get from the photo gallery to present the scene in my poem.
Will there be one? I wonder.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.555264
Retrieved Text: I love your wines. Sad to say I can’t get enough if them in Vermont so tend to drink them too soon. Are there library selections available of older chards or cabs.? And can you ship to Vermont.
Where there is a will there is a way. I am sure you can find a way to get the wines in Vermont.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.551137
Retrieved Text: Ready or Not, It's GO Time! - You CAN Go the Distance!
Ready or Not, It’s GO Time!
Well, you have trained hard for the last 16 to 20 weeks and it is finally here: Race Week!
If you have made it this far, you are already a champion! No matter how the race goes at the end of this week, you are a winner!
This is the week you have been training for, so it is time to relax, trust the training and mentally prepare for this coming weekend!
Do not try any new foods or drinks—eat/drink only what has been working for you!
Do not go buy new shoes, shorts, or shirts—run in what you have trained in!
Do not try to get in any kind of workout other than walks or very light jogs—you need the rest!
Do not go roller-skating, play soccer or any other sport—do not risk any injuries!
Do not second guess your training! Stay positive!
Get extra sleep. Start going to bed early and sleeping later than usual—you will not sleep well the night before the race, so get your sleep in the bank now!
Stay off your feet as much as possible.
Drink, drink, drink! Start hydrating now. Drink more water than you normally do. Carry a water bottle around with you everywhere you go so you do not forget!
Eat well. Try to avoid fatty foods. Get in a good balance of carbs and proteins.
Trim your toenails today if they need it! Seriously! do not wait until the night before and risk trimming them too short so they hurt during

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.530286
Retrieved Text: There’s one thing that Frankfurt is *really* famous for. No, it’s not the wurst (sausages) that derives from its name, it’s apple wine! Called Apfelwein (or Ebbelwoi) in German, the brewing of apple wine has been a source of pride for many Frankfurters.
It’s the (un?)official drink of the city!
There’s even an entire street in Sachsenhausen-Nord near the city of Frankfurt am Main that dedicates itself to apple wine! It’s informally called the Applewine Quarter and the street name is Schweizer Strasse. There are several establishments serving apple wine in Frankfurt (you can get it in most restaurants) but for the authentic experience, I highly recommend you go to a specialty shop!
I was recommended two such apple wine houses by a knowledgeable local (our concierge haha) – both are located at Sachsenhausen-Nord. The first is called Zum Gemalten Haus and unfortunately, it’s closed on Mondays. The second is called Adolf Wagner (also known as Apfelwein Wagner) and I remember hearing about this place before – that’s how famous the apple wine bar is!
Adolf Wagner has been around since 1931 – that means they’ve been brewing Frankfurt’s most famous drink for several centuries. There are actual long tables and chairs located both in front and inside the establishment. I recommend doing inside coz there’s a huge apple wine jug where they pour your drink from at the bar.
The apple wine is brewed on the premises of Adolf Wagner itself! You can see it if you’re seated inside. There are also colorful murals depicting the good ol’ days of

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.515732
Retrieved Text: Salam & hello everyone! Good day! Concludes last few days of a 2 week of drinking this product. It is the Apple Stem Cell Drink from Total Image. Claims to be a product that formulated with rare species of Swiss apple which is well known for its tremendous storability without shrinking, this refreshing apple drink stimulates your skin’s stem cells to repair and regenerate itself to help you achieve a younger looking and moisturized skin appearance. Combined with Salmon & Silk Peptide plus Acerola extract boost moisture retention and helps lighten skin complexion for fairer, glowing skin. So this basicly works like a food supplement for your skin. Drink before breakfast everyday.
What I think about it? It was an okay product, I can really see any significant changes on my skin. From what you can tell in my testimonial below, I can see that my redness problem is solve. Sorry for the totally bare face look, hope I did scare you! Hihi. What I can see here, the first day of drinking this my skin is at the state where a lot of redness and pimples going on due to my menstrual cycle week. It a few days after my period finish. I had some problem with enlarge pores and small blemishes. Continue to day 5, day 7 and the last days of 2 weeks. From the picture you can really tell, but here what I can describe. My pores is getting smaller and my skin feels hydrated. I can use any type of cleanser without

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.488792
Retrieved Text: I’ve been very fortunate to work in the hospitality business for over 20 years and to get to travel extensively during that time. I love a great cocktail and have gotten to try some fantastic ones in all kinds of bars. If you also enjoy going out for a drink, here’s how to have the best time at a cocktail bar… and how to be a good guest the staff will appreciate, too.
First things first. Sit at the bar, right up front! Making cocktails is an art, so grab a front row seat and watch all the action. And while you’re at it, say hello to your bartender! It’s a polite way to get them to notice you.
Then have a quick look around. Check out the back bar. What kind of spirits do they focus on? Is it a bourbon theme? Gin? Do they barrel age (a big trend right now)?
Look for names and products you’ve never heard of before. Do they have a huge chunk of ice that they carve for certain drinks? Ask which ones they use it for, and think about ordering one of those. It’s a cocktail, not a big commitment.
Want to know how to tell right away that you’re in a great bar?
You may find a few good cocktail spots with televisions, but the focus should be on the bartenders, conversation and your drink, not sports or news. My opinions on bar décor and layout are a story for another day… but generally, a TV is a big downer.
Now, take a

================



======= Instance Index 6661 =========
Input Text: What is made out of only one piece?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- jigsaw puzzle
- chess game
- puzzle box
- jigsaw puzzel puxxle
- puxxle

Target Text: puzzle box

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.575325
Retrieved Text: As a One Piece fan there has been a thing that has been bothering me for quite some time. And that is how will Luffy defeat Kaido? And of course, as a fan, I had to go do some research. I’ve come across some really crazy One Piece theories on the internet. And I do like some, however, I have to say they are all wrong. But, before we get to the part where I explain why they are wrong. I just want to say that this is not a post about how Luffy will defeat Kaidou, or how Luffy will find One Piece, or what One Piece actually is. This post relates to all One Piece theories ever made and those that will be made in the future.
See Also: Check out Luffy’s new shocking bounty!
Why are all One Piece theories wrong?
If you guys have not been following the latest interviews with Eiichiro Oda then you have probably missed out on a great hint. In his last interview, Oda clearly stated that One Piece is actually some sort of a treasure, which caught everyone’s attention. However, there was this one small detail that I think most people skipped. And that is also the reason why I believe all One Piece theories are wrong.
Oda noted that he had thought about the manga’s ending since he was still in college. In addition, the show’s host Sanma Akashiya also asked Oda what would happen if a fan managed to guess the same ending that Oda is writing. Oda replied

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.535433
Retrieved Text: For as long as she can remember, Seraphina Cross has experienced these visions that made her feel like there was more to life. It wasn’t until one moment, one accident that her life changed forever.
She awakens the next day a new person in more ways than one. With no recollection of past night’s events, she’s forced to adapt to certain sensations she is experiencing all while trying to piece together what exactly happened to her that fateful night. Her strange, hectic life doesn’t seem to make sense until she meets a handsome stranger. Only then does the puzzle finally piece itself together.
What she doesn’t expect is the new powers she has developed attracting all kinds of unwanted attention. Thrown into a world she never truly believed existed she is forced to come to grips with who she is becoming while staying out of trouble long enough to figure out what needs to be done to fulfill her destiny.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.531918
Retrieved Text: Michelle Leach is a Birmingham-based potter. She and her family live in Crestwood. Michelle creates from her home studio, which works out well because it allows her to keep an eye on her four kiddos.
Michelle holds an Art degree from Mississippi College, but she credits her love for pottery to the years she spent as a High School ceramics teacher. She is grateful for opportunities to share her simple and functional ceramics with her community.
Each piece is not only built by Michelle but finished with her personal glaze recipes. One of the reasons that Michelle loves being a potter is that each piece doesn't have to be perfect. The fingerprints, slight variations, and wobbly lines are actually what makes each piece beautiful. Each piece of Michelle Leach Pottery is truly one of a kind. Michelle simply enjoys making lovely things out of clay, and she hopes you will enjoy her work as well.
It started when I made a Nativity ornament in the Fall of 2008.
My friends and family really liked the ornament, so I made a few for them. Then each year I would come out with a new Christmas ornament...and it has been so much fun.
What if I told you I just did something I've never done before?
When it comes down to it, it is just simple math. I'm not costing my family money by paying $84 for a babysitter. I'm actually costing my family money if I don't hire a babysitter.
Come put those little hands and feet in Clay!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.366405
Retrieved Text: When you look at the hood of a piece of machinery or the bumper of a truck what do you think it’s made of? Most likely you’re thinking it’s a piece of painted steel; and if it’s rusting you’re absolutely right. But what if it didn’t have to be steel, it didn’t have to rust, and it didn’t have to be painted? Well then it would be thermoformed. Thermoforming gives companies the ability to create a part that won’t rust, is cheaper, and lighter than steel. Oh, and it comes out of the mold with a show quality finish.
Thermoformed parts are made by taking a solid sheet of plastic, heating it until it is pliable and sucking it down against a mold. Because the plastic in a thermoformed piece is never completely melted, means the plastic can retain its quality finish, unlike a steel piece that must be painted after it is made. This means that a thermoformed piece can save the end user huge costs in post finishing. Not only that but the parts are actually made of a solid color plastic, meaning that any scratches and nicks are not as noticeable or prone to rust like a steel piece would be. Also, unlike steel, thermoformed parts won’t dent.
Once a thermoformed part leaves the mold there are a couple different secondary processes that it can go through to produce just the right part. For one, the part may be CNC trimmed, cutting out any open areas of the piece and giving the edges a smooth

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.319082
Retrieved Text: In December we procured a Marc Chagall lithograph titled The Poetess.
I have spent some time digging into the pieces history. I thought I would share a bit about it.
Frame is gold leaf. This is the original frame.
Epreuve d’Artiste- On the front at left side is marked in Pencil: E A.
(Artist Proof) This the only known artist proof for this lithograph.
There were only 5 of this piece made. The whereabouts of them is unknown.
I went to the Seattle Pubic library to learn about the providence. It turns out that during the later part of Chagalls life he made hundreds of lithographies.
Charles Sorlier collected many works of Chagall.
I paged thru this until…..
From Marc Chagall Lithographs, the page showing one of the lithos. I am curious to take our print out of the frame to see what might be hidden!
Its very interesting to see his notes and drawing on the work!
From the page describing the work.
Interestingly, the subject of this piece was likely Elsa Triolet, who is a famous Russian/Jew poet who had passed away in 1970. They were likely friends.
From a collecting perspective, this lithography would make a fine investment. The piece has a visible signature, original frame, and providence is established.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.30444
Retrieved Text: I haven't done one of these in a while, but this pricey mod (hat-tip to Swamplot for featuring it) in upper Kirby is full of art that I can't identify. Can you?
That black and white thing on the desk made me think of Trenton Doyle Hancock, but really I have no idea.
You can see two works of art here--the image of wrapped paper above the red object in the foreground and the large painting in the background.
This large drawing of a bouquet of flowers on the left makes me think of Karin Broker, but the style is not what I would expect from her. So who knows?
Another view of the flower drawing plus two smaller works on the left.
I think the dark purple piece at the end of the bar is a Gael Stack.
The two deer heads are made out of an aggregation of small cylinders of some sort. When I looked at it, I thought of John Runnels' cigarette sculptures. It would be amusing to put sculptures made out of smoked cigarette butts in the kitchen--I approve! But I doubt that's what we're actually seeing.
So a lot of art in this place, but I can identify only one piece with any confidence. What do you, gentle reader, see?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.278582
Retrieved Text: Last Thursday it was my turn for critique with the Plot Sisters, the five amazing women writers who read and respond to my work. I am new to this group, they have been responding to one another's writing for several years. We respond to only one writer per session and she has the entire two hours devoted to her work. I gave the Sisters one essay that I wrote more than a year ago and found as I was cleaning out my documents files. I read it over, realized I could do a much better job with it now and revised it to give to the group. And then I trusted them with a newly hatching piece, only partly written, a true first draft.
They responded to the revised piece first. I can see how my craft has improved! These years of writing almost every day, taking craft classes, reading widely, and attending workshops is paying off. I am a better writer. I had a good start on that essay, I liked the content, but could tell it better. I now have the skill set to be able to look at my work and know what to do to improve it, so I made some changes and expanded the work before sending it to them.
The changes I made were only the first step in getting to a polished piece, a piece ready for submission. Having this critique session with people I trust and respect, gave me a more complex level of response, elevating the essay's potential. The

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.234627
Retrieved Text: Need Acura Key Made? You’re at the Right Place!
Home/Auto Locksmith/Need Acura Key Made? You’re at the Right Place!
Did you lose your Acura car keys? Or maybe it broke off inside one of the lock cylinder? In any case you will need a new Acura key made by a professional locksmith. Auto Locksmith San Jose offers many different services including residential, commercial and automotive support. The locksmith will arrive at your location very soon after you contact us. So, you do not need to stress about having your new replacement Acura key.
Need Acura Key Made? Call Us!
When your key breaks off inside a lock cylinder, it can be a shock and cause panic in a person. No one ever expects that to happen to them, so when it does they don’t know what to do. One thing you should never do is try to get the piece out yourself or try to start the vehicle with the broken piece still inside. Only a professional locksmith should extract the key. They have the tools to easily get the piece out without damaging the cylinder itself. Once the broken key piece is free, they will be able to make you a new key. If you have a newer model key with a chip inside, they will be able to program it to match your car’s frequency. So, the first thing you should do in this situation is call a locksmith.
Losing your car key is a very unpleasant scenario that you don’t want to find yourself in. Although, if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.17687
Retrieved Text: Japanese kirie master SouMa doesn’t believe paper-cutting needs to be so two-dimensional.
We’ve seen some amazing displays of kirie (picture cutting) mastery here on RocketNews24, but never before have we really seen someone not only intricately cutting the paper itself, but also folding it to give it depth.
of a single piece of paper, just like all her works.
that is OH MY GOD ALSO A SINGLE PIECE OF PAPER.
▼ Here’s a quick example of SouMa’s creative process.
First she cuts the basic design into the paper.
▼ Then she starts folding some of the more elaborate parts.
▼ And then it all comes together like magic.
▼ And voilà! The Eiffel Tower, made out of a single piece of paper.
No glue, staples, or anything else that would taint the final product.
And come alive they have. One of SouMa’s biggest artistic themes is “freedom,” which can be seen in motifs she uses such as wings and feathers in her pieces.
without any hands to tie you down.
▼ Or this happy-looking one exploding with freedom symbolism.
but because she’s doing 3-D kirie with her other hand.
▼ Hey, do you want to guess what this dress is made out of?
I’ll give you just ONE, SINGLE (piece of paper) hint.
Our writer Meg gets a taste of Kiri Cafe, a cream cheese-lover’s paradise!
Forget dog-earing and bookmarks that fall, make your own easy origami bookmark instead!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.061396
Retrieved Text: THE glitch masterpiece imho. The 24 minutes of Do While is rivetting, and the tracks after it and before Do While reprise make this an engaging and mesmerizing glich journey. Never surpassed!!!
So beautiful but tainted in its simplicity "94 diskont" was made by fractured CD pieces and collated on CD the master piece being do while it would be extremely hard to associate this piece with any think that exists but that's what makes it unique in all its form when one tries to compare you cant its simply the best piece of music assembled out of nothing!! history in the making i cant put my finger on it like many others its hard to describe how they made there music only they know but they have created a master piece that is "do-while" its common knowledge they worked with cds that had been broken in some shape or form that resulted in the album 94 diskont eletronic music of the finest type.
yet I've never heard another track in the genre that even came close the beauty of this gem.
track one is a masterpiece. if you like modern glitchy ambience like mitchell akiyama, jan jelinek, opiate etc, this record is essential, and lightyears ahead of its time.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.038322
Retrieved Text: Click the button below to add the Crusader Defender Doughnut Tag to your wish list.
This is available to any Law Enforcement personal within the USN and SFJ. I may not have enough to go around so please be respectful of this request. If there are some left after a day or so we can open it up to Law Enforcement outside of these groups.
Thank you Steel Flame for this gift. It is well made and carries with it deep meaning for LEO. I carry it always. Thank you again for your support of the LEO Community.
Officer Daniel Sosa-Jones loved it!
Great piece. Derrick you rock!
I love this piece and what it stands for. Thank you.
I love this piece and what it stands for.
This tag is beautifully made with flying crusader cross and a donut to honor all Leo's. It mean much more than just an object. I received two and gave one to fellow officer who had lost his father. Honor and respect.
Thank you so much! It means a lot that there are those out there like you at steel flame that care and give back to the law enforcement community!
Only way to make this better would be if it was a fatty or silver fatty dt.
This is the first Steel Flame item I have ever been gifted thanks to D&L. I love the design and wonderful attention to detail displayed in this tag. Although, I'm not surprised one bit, because every Steel Flame item I have bought has the same wonderful craftsmanship and attention to detail.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.873932
Retrieved Text: Violence is the answer to this one.
This clever little piece offers a take on the development of language and tools, casting the reader as a cave-dwelling early man, with a simple task: get some medicinal bark to help your mate with her headache.
The writing is consistently funny and witty. Historicity is wisely sacrificed in service to the narrative--a dinosaur is featured in the final act--and it makes for an entertaining piece.
On a deeper level, the piece examines art, map-making, language, and human relationships, all in a short, relatively constrained piece hinging on one single puzzle.
It took me several replays to figure out what to do; every location is important, and with the possible exception of one reference I didn't get (the direction of the creek), relevant to that single puzzle.
Ryan Veeder is known for making polished, smooth, amusing games, and has made another great example here.
You are a caveman with an unusually intelligent wife and surrounded by a variety of animal life.
The game is fairly short, with only 2 or 3 small puzzles, but the setting is charming and the game feels cohesive. It is an interesting counterpoint to the Edifice, a long, difficult, serious game treating some of the same material.
What games have really good cover art?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.84405
Retrieved Text: A play on the phrase “nothing is sacred,” this nihilistic pendant was inspired by burning Sacred Heart imagery, only here there is no heart to be found – just flames. Shredded, artistically rumpled shards of metal take the sacred heart’s usual place. It’s a kind of anti-inspirational empty heart necklace. Not everyone has known love. Beyond that, the symbolism of this piece is left open to the viewer. It is what you want it to be. One can certainly step forwards or backwards with this notion. That is the nature of art. No matter what side of the nihilistic center you stand on, this handmade pendant of Fine Silver on a delicate cable and bead 18″ Sterling Silver chain is sure to be a conversation piece. A medium to dark patina brings out the sculpted depth and gives the buffed highlights shine in just the right places.
•One 18″ Sterling Silver chain made of 1.2mm cable and 1.5mm thick tube beads, with lobster clasp closure.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.835651
Retrieved Text: ﻿How Long is a Piece of Paper?
A standard piece of paper is 11” in length and 8” in width. But is that the longest length a single piece of paper can be if modified? What if you bend or rip the paper? Can you make it a longer than 11" without making multiple pieces? The single piece of paper must stay as one connected whole. Your job is to find out how long you can make a single piece of paper. Once you've created the longest piece of paper with your group, you can measure it using the appropriate tool.
Your longest piece of paper design does have some criteria and constraints. You will only get one piece of paper. If your paper becomes two pieces, the group should choose one of those pieces to continue the task. All changing of the paper must be done without any cutting tools. You and your group should try to design and create the longest single piece of paper following these guidelines.
Allow students planning and discussion time by having them experiment with a sample piece of paper to see how rips and tears can design the outcome.
After experimenting, allow student groups to plan their final creation. Warn students that the final piece of paper will be the only one given for their design.
For differentiation, adjust the size of the paper, type of paper, allow scissors, or time allowances. Adjustments could be made to make it more challenging or simpler.
Connect to mathematics by having students using different measuring instruments and practicing

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.822633
Retrieved Text: Elegance is not standing out, but being remembered! In our “Misk” high and low top you will definitely not only stand out, but you will also be remembered!! What makes “Misk” a special piece, is the statement material that it is made of.
Customize the colors of this piece as you wish! E-mail us your requests.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.8078575
Retrieved Text: Everything You Need to Know About Custom Made Jewellery | Diamonds Intl.
If you’re unfamiliar with the process of getting custom jewellery made, you probably think it’s a costly and lengthy endeavour. But it’s not just an option for the rich and famous, nor should it be seen as a splurge purchase only for special occasions.
Custom made jewellery is accessible to everyone.
In reality, custom made jewellery can cost the exact same price as an item of jewellery you purchase off the shelf. Why? Because the cost comes down to the materials used, the size and quality of the gemstones, the complexity of the design and how long it takes to craft the piece. These variables are all the same whether it was pre-made to sit on a shelf or made to suit your specifications.
At Diamonds International we custom make diamond rings at no extra charge. So, if you have a dream ring in mind and you haven’t found anything quite right on the shelves, nothing is stopping you from choosing to have your ring custom made.
One of a Kind – Depending how complex or unique your design is, there’s every chance your custom piece of jewellery will be one of a kind. Choosing the custom-made option is the only way to obtain a piece of jewellery that’s uniquely yours with a look like no other.
Made to Your Specifications – The power is in your hands. You can be as specific or as broad as you want, and you can guarantee it will come out in the end

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.804252
Retrieved Text: The Side Piece Slim by Purge mods is series box mod that packs one hell of a punch.
The Side Piece Slim follows on from it’s predecessor, the Side Piece and is a dual 18650 series mechanical device.
The Side Piece Slim is a side firing, constant contact mod and has a fire button is made of ultem, fixed onto the body of the mod. One battery sit’s in a copper cup which is then housed in a black ultem cup and has a turnable switch to lock or unlock. It can accommodate 18650 batteries only.
The Slim Piece is a side firing mod and is 26mm in diameter and has a fire button is made of ultem, fixed onto the body of the mod. The battery sit’s in a copper cup which is then housed in the ultem button housing and It can accommodate 18650 batteries only.
The Slim Piece Setup by Purge Mods is one heavy hitting mod. Seriously! An even smaller, palm size, constant contact device!
The Slim piece setup is all murdered out, with a black ultem button housing, matching black ultem carnage cap and the latest version of the carnage deck, the V.15 which has the bottom lip milled off so all carnage slam caps now fit flush.
The Slam Piece Cobra LE by Purge Mods is one heavy hitting mod. Seriously! A palm size, constant contact device that will have you chucking clouds for days on end. The Slam Piece is a side firing mod and is 30mm in diameter and has a fire button is

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.780005
Retrieved Text: It’s easy to fall in love with today’s most fashionable fine jewelry but nothing can compare to wearing a sentimental, custom fashion piece jewelry. At Kizer Cummings Jewelers, you can combine elements of both traditional and contemporary.
It’s easy to fall in love with today’s most fashionable fine jewelry but nothing can compare to wearing a sentimental, one-of-a-kind piece of jewelry. At Kizer Cummings Jewelers, you can combine elements of both traditional and contemporary. Combine old stones in new settings or repurpose estate pieces. Your choices are endless. Our artisans will always accept the challenge and any chance to make a new and beautiful custom fine jewelry piece.
We will take your dreams and ideas and shape them into the custom jewelry you’ve always wanted. We start with questions, lots of questions. What do you like? What do you love? Where will you wear it? And that’s just the start. We’ll discuss gemstones, settings, and metals to determine the perfect match for your style, lifestyle, and budget.
Maybe you can’t find your specific style in our jewelry cases. That’s what custom design is for. Let us create the piece you were hoping to see in the case – but better. What makes it better? It was made in Lawrence, only for you, and the best part is, nobody has anything quite like it. Setting you distinctly apart from the rest who choose to purchase from name brand designers – which can be no more expensive than choosing custom design.
In essence, the beauty of custom is its ability to reflect

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.771803
Retrieved Text: Here are some images from a newly completed Shadow Box Commission. Â This one-of-a-kind piece of art is made of hand drawn illustrations and backgrounds composited onto individual pieces of acrylic in a 2.5″ deep shadow box. Â They sell for $300.
These are really nice. I’ve enjoyed making shadow boxes myself, and love how they show off traditionally drawn artwork. Great work here – beautifully bright, crisp, and just jumps out and grabs immediate attention! I noticed you said acrylic – I’ve been using thick cardstock or black foam-core because of issues with glue. What did you mean by compositing?
I started making shadow boxes with stiff card stock and pop dots to create the depth. It made is so that there was only one piece of glass in the front and everything was really easy to see, but it was fragile. I then tried to print out digital images on overhead transparencies. I would paint the back of the printed image with white paint to make the colors show up, but that too was fragile.
Eventually I went to spray mounting 100lb vellum paper on acrylic (plexi glass). I then use a small square piece of bass wood to secure the acrylic sheets in place and to create space between them. Each character is on a separate sheet.
I guess it’s time for me to dust off that “How-To” video I made.
Hello Spencer my name is Frankie B Washington and I’m looking to have a shadow box done of me and my co-creators character Robot God Akamatsu. I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.743091
Retrieved Text: This is Cal-King size one piece tailored bedskirt (72 x 84 Inches) only.
100% Egyptian Cotton (600 Thread Count).
This is Full XL size one piece tailored bedskirt (54 x 80 Inches) only.
This is Twin XL size one piece tailored bedskirt (39 x 80 Inches) only.
This is Full size one piece tailored bedskirt (54 x 75 Inches) only.
This is Olympic Queen size one piece tailored bedskirt (66 x 80 Inches) only.
100% Egyptian Cotton (500 Thread Count).
This is Twin size one piece tailored bedskirt (39 x 80 Inches) only.
This is Short Queen size one piece tailored bedskirt (60 x 70 Inches) only.
This is one piece Ruffled Bed skirt only.
The sheets are made up of sumptuous Egyptian cotton with 500 thread counts.
This is Cal-Queen size one piece tailored bedskirt (60 x 84 Inches) only.
EasyOnTM Dust Ruffle & Bed Skirt Collection from AB Lifestyles. EasyOnTM Dust Ruffles install withOUT removing your mattress!
Perfectly Gathered Dust Ruffle hangs beautifully. Split at corners - made to overlap, so your Dust Ruffle hangs perfectly with OR without bed posts! Made of a decorator quality cotton/polyester blended fabric. Machine Washable.
EasyOn Dust Ruffle & Bed Skirt Collection from AB Lifestyles. EasyOn Dust Ruffles install withOUT removing your mattress!
Hot Pink Bed Skirts - Find Out the most recent baby goods for your baby boy or baby girl especially some topics related to the Hot Pink Bed Skirts only in Best Baby Online Store.
Hot Pink Bed Skirts top quality and cheap price collection posted here was carefully selected by Best Baby Online Store Staff after selecting the ones that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.706328
Retrieved Text: Having a cool car in your booth is one of the most important, and basic, things you need to do in order to be noticed at SEMA. Or any large car show for that matter. Once we heard our friend Anthony was building what could be the widest Rocket Bunny GTR in the USA we knew we had a car.
This video explains a little bit about what was going on with the build before SEMA. Platinum VIP was taking the Rocket Bunny Kit and widening it an additional 4 inches! This car was going to be extreme.
Not only is the kit widened but it is also fully molded into the body. None of the typical rivets you see on Liberty Walk or Rocket Bunny overfenders.
To top it all off is the paint. Thats right. The crazy, sometimes white, sometimes green, glow in the dark looking satin finish isn't a wrap. Thats the number one thing that blows peoples minds when they see this car.
All this wild styling made Anthony's GTR the perfect platform for us to launch our 3 piece wheels.
The wheels on the car are our UF/3-113 the three piece version of our Monoblock Forged UF113. A three piece wheel was the only way to get the crazy deep lip needed to match the aggressive bodywork.
We think it looks awesome and if you want to see more of this crazy GTR check out our SEMA teaser/ featurette filmed by CurbBangers.
Most of the pictures from this post were shot by Denis Podmarkov from behind the scenes

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.672744
Retrieved Text: So, for the first time, I’m joining me-made May. I’ve watched others for the past two years, kind of envying them, but I don’t exactly have a lot of experience joining things … I I finally took the plunge this year, after waffling back and forth. My pledge is to wear me-made every day, but I could hardly avoid doing that as I own only a few sweaters and the odd jacket that I haven’t made myself. The real part of the pledge is to never wear the same combination of clothes two days running. This means I’ll have to a) put clothes away and b) make a deliberate choice about what to wear in the mornings. It’s easy when you don’t go out to work to throw things on a chair at night before bed and then throw them on the next morning again. This will be a tough challenge!
As to what I’ve been sewing lately, just futzing with a few t-shirts while I prepare to cut into some lovely plaid material for a blouse. I cut up a long-sleeved over-sized t-shirt I made last year, and wasn’t terribly happy with, and made a paper pattern for a sleeveless tank from a couple of different old RTW tanks.
Sorry for the bad pic — I was taking a few shots for IG. Some of you may remember the fabric. I do like the stripes.
And I like the top so much that I immediately started another one in a small piece of green jersey.
I just made one

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.644507
Retrieved Text: By now you’ve probably heard and seen everything and you could think nothing is going to amaze you. If you are one of these people then you should take a look at the bathboard. This next design is a wonderful piece that will leave you speechless.
Excellent for small spaces this unique bathtub was designed by Sylwia Ulicka Rivera. Made from rubber treated to be very elastic and spongy this unusual piece weighs less than 3 kgs and juts out only 12-cms from the wall. What’s more a flexible drainpipe starts above the central point of the tub making it easy to fold up.
As you can see this incredible bathboard can save you a lot of space and its lack of rigid shape permits the minimal water usage as well. The designer had in mind a project that will solve the problem of many people who own small contemporary houses. It could be a simple and fun element for your home or a luxurious, eccentric feature, it all depends on what you want. The bathboard has the possibility of amazing everyone and making your space less dull.
Not only is it functional, but it is also fun and lovely. It has a great shape when closed, it looks like an art piece and it will brighten up your home. What do you think? Would you buy one for your house?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.644436
Retrieved Text: I just wanted to showcase a couple of pieces that I have completed the last week. This is the first piece which is just a simple RAW bracelet. I love the simplicity of it and the bronze Swarovski pearls. RAW is one of the beadweaving stitches that I really struggle with. My original design on this piece was to have another row of the pattern with more pearls in the connecting pieces. But sadly I got really frustrated and after picking out the second row this is the result. Not exactly what I wanted but I am still pleased with it.
Now for the piece that I am most excited about!
Here is the piece laid out. The only thing I am not sold on is the toggle and clasp. It just does not seem to work with the piece. Luckily it is sewn in separate so that I can change it. I am thinking of taking it off and possibly attaching a piece of beige or gold silk on each end that you can tie or add a clasp to. I just need to find the silk and learn out to attach it to findings if I go that way. I really enjoyed making the caterpillar part of this and will probably make many more of them. Do you have any suggestions on what you would do to close/secure it?
On another note I asked my sister in law if she would make me a pin cushion for my beading needles based after "Sprite" from Rainbow Brite. Maaike

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.642299
Retrieved Text: Kari Voutilainen is one of the most respected watchmakers on planet earth. He is truly one of the leading independent craftsman that makes high-end watchmaking what it is today, and his timepieces are as rare and valuable as any in the world.
Kari has made some truly exceptional pieces in his career, including devising the new Maîtres du Temps Chapter Three (which we'll show you soon) and finishing the movement on the MB&F Legacy Machine One, but one thing he has never made is a tourbillon wristwatch. Until now.
Just this past Sunday at Basel, Kari sat down and showed us the watch you see above. And, if one just takes a look at the dial of this Voutuilainen, one might assume it is just your average, run of the mill, $81,000 time-only piece of haute horolgy - but you'd be wrong. Because, when you turn over this unique piece (and we mean that literally, there is one of them, it's already sold), you will see quite possibly one of the coolest looking movements we've ever seen - a fully Kari-conceived tourbillon caliber.
Speaking with Kari, he is clearly very pleased with his work on this piece. What gives this movement such a dramatic look is that Kari has hidden the entire gear train and barrels, so all you see is the tourbillon cage. This unique Voutilainen tourbillon wristwatch is in a 40mm rose gold case and looks every bit the part of your typical Kari piece, just with a special surprise on the back. Again, Kari will be

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.601564
Retrieved Text: This piece is actually a duplicate piece that I've had for awhile that I actually made by accident one time, because I thought that somebody needed an extra copy. It is a copy of one of my most favorite piece. I originally found the item during an investigation of a local church that was said to have been partaking in "after hours" satanic rituals. It turned out that the claims were false, that there were no rituals going on. The church was merely very old and run down. Sometimes when things appear spooky to people, they make up their own minds about what's going on. Such was the case. However, my investigation wasn't done in vain, as I made a connection with a piece that found in one of the drawers by the pulpit, where they keep extra communion materials. I'm not really sure what the item was doing there and I found out from the priest later that the item was only there for decoration, that nobody has put it there for any particular reason. As a result of debunking the myth that he and his church leaders were not taking part in black masses he allowed me to keep the item.
The item has been like my sidekick ever since. If any of you know me on a personal level, you know that one of my areas of spiritual expertise is spiritual exorcism. It doesn't necessarily have to be exorcism of demons, it can be exorcism of any type of spirit bad or good, that

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.590722
Retrieved Text: Hi, everyone! I really enjoyed making my Mermaid Wall Art and have been thrilled with the finished piece, so I was beyond excited when a friend of mine asking me to make one for his new apartment. In the process of making the piece for him, I figured out a great way to make the artwork even easier to create than it already was. Of course, we all want to save some time and money... Keep reading to find out how I did exactly that with this project!
My friend, Dan, loves how my metallic champagne-colored piece looks in my bedroom, but he wanted his piece a bit more masculine (understandably so). We both decided that a matte, charcoal gray color would be perfect for the piece I'd make for his apartment. I couldn't wait to start the piece, and Dan couldn't wait for me to finish it!
For the wall art that's hanging in my bedroom, I cut tons of circles out of white poster board, taped them onto the plywood backing, and spray painted the entire piece a champagne color. Before starting on Dan's piece, my mom cleverly suggested that I just find colored poster board; that way I wouldn't have to worry about spray painting at all. What a brilliant (yet kind of obvious, now that I think about it) way to make this process even more efficient!
BETTER PRICE. The colored Canson drawing paper is a bit more expensive than the white poster board (I paid $1.19 for each sheet of the drawing paper and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.567518
Retrieved Text: Stress can take a lot of the fun out of shopping if you are seeking to purchase a costly jewelry piece. Each piece’s price depends on the materials it is made out of. For example, a perfect diamond set into a pure gold ring will be far more expensive than a fake diamond setting in a gold-tinted ring, made out of cheap metal. Educate yourself on jewelry so that you can recognize the best pieces and the best deals. Use this advice to make the most of your next jewelry purchase.
Try using a simple polishing cloth on your jewelery collection. A polishing cloth is a very gentle way to get a good shine on all your pieces. Simply use the two-sided polishing cloth to polish your jewelry the same way you would polish a glass. Use one side to shine it and the other to polish it.
TIP! Don’t use harsh chemicals like turpentine or bleach to clean jewelry. These can erode both the color and the materials of your jewelry.
Store your jewelry carefully. Jewelry should be stored in an organized way in a box, a jewelry holder or hung on hooks. Resist the temptation to jumble all your pieces into a community box. Not only can this harm the fine and fragile pieces, but things like necklaces can get severely tangled up with other necklaces or other jewelry.
When you are purchasing a new piece of jewelry, be aware of the gemstone that it contains and what it is made of. The types of gems available are

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.552549
Retrieved Text: What started out as a 2.5 ton 24 foot long iron sculpture is now transforming into a limited edition bronze Buffalo head sculpture!
The piece, titled “Herd Bull,” was created by artist, Benji Daniels, and is one of only five that will ever be made! Daniels is a storyteller, but unlike traditional storytellers, he tells his stories through sculpted iron and bronze.
Daniels, who has been formally sculpting since the 1980s, individually cast each piece, and like a bronze puzzle, welded them together to create the breathtaking full skull of the buffalo.
Through the sculpture, the artists own background and emotions are clearly displayed in this bronze replica.
The magnificent “Herd Bull,” located on 3rd Ave right next to Roosevelt’s Outpost, Medora’s best place to shop for Outdoor Adventure Gear, is not something you’ll want to miss! This great piece of art will definitely be something to remember, and is a great new photo opportunity in Medora this summer!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.541757
Retrieved Text: 2015 Work - Mixed Media © Copyright Cal Navin "2015"
65" X 10" X 8"
I found these burnt timbers in a home that had been torched on the east side, and thought I should incorporate found objects into my work.
This piece is about climate change and the effects of global warming on temperature, precipitation levels, and soil moisture that are turning many of our forests into kindling during wildfire season.
The frequency of large wildfires have been steadily increasing in the western United States, with global warming being a major contributing factor.
Found another humidor at the Eastern market and decided to see what I could come up with. This is the third antique humidor I've used for an armature, I didn't have anymore dragons to add to the back, just had to make two shelves for the sides. This one has a door, lined on the inside with copper.
Like the two others, I've added the recorders on the front. More fun than anything else to make.
I'm in the process of finishing one more sculpture using toys and burnt planks I've scavenged from burned out houses in Detroit. After I plan to start painting again, put the toys away for a bit and get back to my oils. I've missed painting, plus my mind is racing with paintings I've yet to start.
I've made this piece once before, and remade it because someone bought it straight away before I had an opportunity to show it. I'm trying to show my work these days.
The first time I made the piece I

================



======= Instance Index 5455 =========
Input Text: What are plants made out of?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- millions of cells
- flowers on
- leaves to gather light
- roots
- stems

Target Text: millions of cells

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.590233
Retrieved Text: Petite Planet: iPhone 4 and iPod Touch 4G Cases from Bioserie: Made Out of Plants!
iPhone 4 and iPod Touch 4G Cases from Bioserie: Made Out of Plants!
I previously wrote about my affinity for my iPhone case, which is made out of plants -- and recently the masterminds at bioserie released an additional collection of cases made out of plant material for the iPod touch 4G and the iPhone 4 as well.
These savvy cases are made out of bioplastics, all derived from plants and annually renewable resources. They are lightweight, and they feature a textured surface for better ergonomics. What I like best about bioserie's cases are the 'feet' they have which enable safe facedown placement and screen protection -- and which very likely saved my screen from cracking when my toddler dropped my bioserie encased iPhone on our stone tile floor!
Learn more about bioserie here and order your eco-friendly case here!
Thanks for the post on bioserie and their eco-friendly iphone case. I am in need of a new one and this fits the bill perfectly.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.47888
Retrieved Text: Sweet Candy Out Of Rock?
Do You Have A Signature Toothpaste?
Can You Peel A Raw Egg?
How Is A Sundial Made?
Which Food Molds The Fastest?
What Are The Starch-Containing Foods?
How Is Paper Recycling Done?
Can A Soap Drive A Boat?
How Does Salt Affect Boiling Water?
Do Plants Grow Better With Music?
Saltwater Plus Air Equals Battery?
Are Detergents Harmful To Plants?
Can You Make A Tornado?
An 8th grade science fair project is not expected to be an original experiment as long as the procedures are well-demonstrated and fully support the topic idea. Sometimes, smaller and a more specified science fair projects wins over the complicated ones because they are easier to understand. So just a tip: in conducting science projects, select a more specified topic that is easier to understand. One example is the effect of detergent on plants. In this project, you are going to find out if different detergents affect the growth of plants.
What are the effects of detergents to plants?
Detergents are made up of toxic components, so it will create a negative effect on plants, regardless of their commercial brands.
Prepare the plants and make sure that they are of the same kind.
Check if all plants are all fresh and green.
Put the plants on the area where there is direct sunlight.
On the 3 cups, make three different detergent solutions. 100:1000 that is 100g of detergent powder and 1000ml of water.
Take the first plant (plant a) and pour 1000 ml of water in it. Do not use the detergent solution, just pure water.
Take the second plant (plant b) and pour the 1st detergent

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.885304
Retrieved Text: No matter where your garden is ultimately going to take root, you can get a head start on the growing season by using seed-starting products to germinate indoors.
Products like Jiffy Peat Pots and our Grow Light and Heat Mat can get your garden booming indoors.
Jiffy peat pots are made with SUPERthrive kelp-based vitamins. Long story short: they help your seeds germinate faster and grow fuller.
Growing easy plants first will help you grow your confidence.
Some plants are harder to grow than others, it's true, but there are plenty of small-but-mighty varieties that will make you feel like a pro gardener no matter your skill level.
As you may have already presumed, different plants grow better in different parts of the world. Don't worry, other people have already figured this out for you and developed what are called "growing zones."
Find out what growing zone you live in to help you determine what plants to grow and how to grow them.
Where do the plants go?
On a smaller scale, it's important to find the perfect space in your garden to make a home for your plants. Consider factors like light, temperature, and space.
Plant your seeds at the right time so they can mature during their peak seasons.
Again, the timing will depend on your grow zone. Once you discover your grow zone, you'll be able to reference growing guides to determine exactly when you should sow, transplant and harvest.
Maintain a calendar with important dates to keep yourself on schedule.
Plants are living, growing organisms and they have an appetite for vitamins and nutrients

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.691819
Retrieved Text: Plant - Disease or Dieing?
Discussion in 'Aquarium Plants' started by AlphaOmega, Jul 27, 2005.
I have had these 2 plants in my tank for 3/4 weeks now, and recently they have been kind of... "melting" away and covered in "rust"y type stuff... Don't have a clue what kind of plant they are, sorry guys! if anyone else knows about this, please tell me!!!
Do you have the right type of lighting for your plants? I added some live plants to my tank before I made sure that I had powerful enough lights. (I didn't and the plants died.) I changed my bulbs to flourescent bulbs made specifically for live plants - and I make sure to leave the lights on for 12 hours every day. Plus I add a fertilizer every week that I got at the pet store. Happily, after I lost the first couple of plants, my new plants have been doing great. One has almost grown to the top of my 55 gallon tank!!!
I first tried horse manure but my fish kept dying. ??? (just kidding) The solution I use is called Flourish. According to the bottle, it has micro elements, trace elements and other nutrients like calcium, magnesium, iron and other 'important' elements. And, it is completely safe for fish. I'm sure there are others out there, this is just what my local pet store recommended to me.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.58641
Retrieved Text: Kingdom Plantae includes green algae, Chlorophyta and Charophyta, nonvascular plants (such as liverworts, hornworts, and mosses, and “nonvascular” means they don’t have any kind of veins to carry nutrients throughout the plant), vascular plants (tracheophytes, which means these do have veins that carry nutrients and water throughout the plant), and vascular plants include club mosses, ferns, horsetails, and seed plants, which are also known as spermaphytes. The seed plants include gymnosperms (such as the conifers, cycads and the Gingko tree).
These carry their seeds on the outside. The conifers would be like your spruce and pine trees, which have a cone. That cone holds the seeds. You can actually see the seeds coming out of it during the time of year where these seeds are coming out and the trees or plants are trying to reproduce. Angiosperms, or flowering plants, have their seats on the inside in an ovary of the flower.
Both of those are seed plants. They just carry their seeds differently. The cell walls of plants consist primarily of cellulose and lignin. Lignin gives structure and strength to a plant, to a plant’s cell wall (especially in trees), and it plays a large role in conducting water through the plant. Most plants engage in photosynthesis, which is where plants take in energy from the sun and use it to carry out its processes- to carry out its own processes.
Some plants have lost that ability and must obtain their nourishment heterotrophically. They can’t make their own food. Autotrophs, such as those that carry out photosynthesis, or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 15.517636
Retrieved Text: Details about create animal plant freebie has been published by Brenda Botha and tagged in this category. In some cases, we might have to slightly change the layout, color, or even accessories. We require a new thought for it and one of them is this create animal plant freebie.
Create animal plant freebie is among the most photos we found on the internet from reputable sources. We attempt to explore this create animal plant freebie picture on this page because according to information coming from Google search engine, Its one of many best queries keyword on the internet. And we also believe you came here were searching for these details, are not You? From many options on the web we are sure this photo might be a right guide for you, and we sincerely we do hope you are satisfied with what we present.
Were very thankful if you leave a comment or reviews about this create animal plant freebie post. We are going to apply it for much better future articles. We thank you for your visit to our website. Make sure you get the information you are looking for. Do not forget to share and love our reference to help further develop our website.
#animal plant cell cake.#animal planet king cobra.#plants with animal names.#animal planet bigfoot.#plants animals logo.#inside plants animals.#like animals plants.#desert animals.#animal cell.#animal plant information.#combinded animals with plants.#animal planet pit bulls.#animal plant hybrid.#science plants and animals.#made of animal plant.#animal and plant cells.#animals drawn as plants.#animal planet toys.#plant cell.#plants animal art.#animal planet.#rainforest animals and plants.#plant and animal

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.442812
Retrieved Text: That sounds totally disgusting. Who in their right mind eats dung? The very idea is nauseating to us here. A popular insult is telling someone to “Eat s**t and die.” Yet here are verses in the bible where people are eating dung and drinking urine and it’s a good thing. What is up with that?
None of those verses made sense to me until I started gardening. A quick survey of organic products for plants in most dedicated gardening stores is gross when you really think about it. Blood meal (for nitrogen), bone meal (for calcium, something tomatoes need to avoid blossom end rot) and fish emulsion (made from pureed fish left-overs). Milorganite is a popular nitrogen fertilizer made by the Milwaukee Metro Sewer District. As a gardener, I have used composted cow, earthworm and chicken manure on plants. I know people who use rabbit and horse manures as well. The plants love poo and grow like crazy when they have it.
Imagine yourself a primitive human, worshipping a thunder-mountain god. You notice that where ever your animals relieve themselves, the plants grow better. The grass is greener and the plants larger and probably the fruit of those plants is bigger too. WOW! That smelly stuff that comes out of you and your animals is MAGIC! It makes plants bigger and better and they have better and tastier fruit! You want more children and…. (pause in thought)…BAM! It is like god has spoken to you!! If it is good for plants then it must work on people too!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.429446
Retrieved Text: Most gardeners are aware of the important relationship plants have with light. We are forever talking about the light preferences of plants. And every garden reference stresses how important it is to provide the proper light for different plants – indoors or outside. If you place a plant that needs a sunny location in the shade, it will languish and do poorly.
Yet, I’m not sure gardeners really understand why light is so essential to plants – and why a sun-loving plant will do poorly if it does not get enough light. And for that I blame the term "plant food."
In ancient times, early farmers eventually realized that if they spread manure over a field before planting a crop, it made the plants grow better. It was easy for them to assume that plants grew better because they ate what was in the manure. It made sense that, just like providing abundant food to a person makes them strong and healthy, the food provided by the manure made the plants grow better. So the idea that we are actually feeding plants when we add manure (or fertilizers) to the soil became entrenched and survives to this day. Am I right? Don’t we all "feed" our plants “plant food”?
The trouble is, we now know better. In the 20th century we discovered that plants carry out a remarkable chemical process called photosynthesis – meaning "to create from light." And photosynthesis, as it turns out, is the basis of life as we know it.
In photosynthesis, plants use a green pigment

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.32447
Retrieved Text: the most potent (per molecule of gas) of the greenhouse gases.
the most abundant greenhouse gas.
more potent (per molecule of gas) than methane.
the main anthropogenic greenhouse gas produced in the United States.
the only greenhouse gas presently increasing in the atmosphere.
Carbon dioxide is in water.
Animals, including humans, make energy using and .
A product of photosynthesis is molecular oxygen. What is the source of this oxygen?
Earth's atmosphere during the first billion years of its existence was made up mainly of which two gases?
Plants take in and give off .
Which gas produces a green-blue to blue color of Uranus and Neptune?
Through photosynthesis, plants give us and we give them .
What is the formula for nitrogen dioxide?
Two gases that plants must exchange are and .
Carbon dioxide gas is a fluid.
Leaves take in carbon dioxide.
What enters the plant through tiny holes on the underside of the leaves?
What are the products made at the end of alcoholic fermentation?
What kind of gas does Kilauea release?
Global warming focuses on an increase in the level of which gas in the atmosphere?
Animals breathe out a gas called _______________.
What waste product builds up in blood and cells when the heart is unable to pump blood efficiently?
What waste products are formed as a result of these processes?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.278222
Retrieved Text: Why do you love plants so much? Well! I love you too. But I help you so much, these plants don't. They too do a lot for me. I have never seen them do anything, they can't even move. We all depend on plants directly as well as indirectly. Of course not, they depend on us for water, manure etc. We depend on plants for a lot more. Like? Okay! What do we need most to live? Umm... Air to breathe. Oxygen to be precise. Yes! Plants give out oxygen in air. Aaa.. sorry I did not get it. I will explain this to you. Go on.. During photosynthesis. Yes! That's the process, which plants use to make food. Very Good! I've learnt it on makemegenius.com. During photosynthesis carbon dioxide defuses into the leaves through pores and then enters the cell. In the cell it defuses into the chloroplast where it makes oxygen and sugar in presence of light. Also, thus plants gives us the necessary oxygen to breathe and remove the carbon dioxide from air. Okay! That's the point I give to plants what else? What do you eat? Cereals, veggies, fruits. Cereals are our main food. Plants gives us cereals. Examples? Examples of cereals are rice, jowar, bajra, barley, maize. Do popcorn also come from plants? Popcorn comes from corn, when it is heated. Corn comes from the maize plant. This is news to me! Some plants give us pulses like dry beans, pinto beans, kidney beans and navy beans, dry peas, lentils, and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.278134
Retrieved Text: Carbon dioxide is part and parcel of a marijuana plant’s growth. Carbon dioxide is to plants like oxygen is to humans. It is that simple. If you are growing outdoors, you may not need to know about the importance of enough carbon dioxide in your weed plant’s system but if you are using an indoor grow room or a greenhouse, then CO2 is an important part of your growing concern. Without proper amounts of CO2, your pot plants will die and all your efforts will go to waste. Avoid this problem from ever afflicting your indoor set-up. Learn about proper use of CO2 by getting it straight from our e-book.
“Aside from humidity and temperature maintenance, I learned about CO2 benefits by reading this book. At first I thought that as long as there is air where we can breathe then plants can also do the same but I was wrong and thanks to this book I was able to understand better about the use of carbon dioxide.
Get all the CO2 information you need, its effect on cannabis plants, and why CO2 is one of the best techniques to make cannabis plants grow faster, while producing huge yields when harvested. This is one of the ways to make a small amount of cannabis plants produce dense crystal covered buds that will last till the next plants are ready to harvest.
Raising the level of carbon dioxide levels in the grow area increases the cannabis grow speed to an exceptional growth rate, which can even double the harvest.
Read the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.261055
Retrieved Text: The TICE team delivered a Horticulture workshop this week, with the help from year 2 at Amberley Primary School.
The main focus of the day was ‘What do plants give us’ and we thought carefully about the important role they play: in the food chain, the food we eat, the clothes we wear and the air we breathe.
Slides from the presentation show a t-shirt made of plants, a car powered by plants and we considered the different role plants play in making a beef burger!
Next we looked at what plants need to grow and the clever tricks they use to reproduce.
What do these seeds have in common with our Velcro trainers? What qualities do these seeds share with a helicopter?
After taking in a lot of new information about plants, it was time to put this to practical use.
The group made wild flower seed paper (more about that in a bit!) and everyone potted some basil seeds to take home. We copied out our own care instructions and it was useful to find out some interesting facts about basil; basil helps if you have a poorly tummy, or feel a bit blue and it also makes pesto pasta and pizza taste great!
The work completed was very impressive – take a look for yourselves!
Beetroot ink sunflower and snowdrops.
A beetroot ink sun and apple – All of our studies focused on horticulture related images.
Very simple outlines and shapes were used to copy from.
After Dinner, we found out what we were going to do with our seed paper.
Introducing Terry the biodegradable

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.20678
Retrieved Text: You would think that a repentant people would lead to a rejoicing heart. But that was not the case for Jonah. He was more worried about plants than people!
Jonah had finally gotten his life on track with God's plan. He had done exactly what God had asked Him to do. The people responded with repentance, and God spared their lives; yet Jonah still had a problem.
I wonder if we miss all great things God is doing in people's lives because we are worrying more about the plants? What gets us bent out of shape at church might reveal something about what we worry more about.
Do we worry more about . . .
The . . . . ?????
. . . than we do people?
If we do, then we might be like Jonah. His problem was not the plant but his heart. The plant only revealed the heart problem.
Father, we can easily get bent out of shape over things that aren't eternally significant. Help us to protect ourselves from being more concerned about plants than people. Help us to lead our groups to love people, God's crowning creation and made in His image, more than plants.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.20275
Retrieved Text: A new twist on a classic design. This multi-tiered plant stand displays up to 7 plants. Creates an instant focal point or striking accent. Crafted of solid wood harvested from the Cypress tree family with decay resistance similar to Western Red Cedar. Moisture resistant for maximum weather protection.
7-Tier Plant Stand A new twist on a classic design. This multi-tiered plant stand displays up to 7 plants. Creates an instant focal point or striking accent. Crafted of solid wood harvested from the Cypress tree family with decay resistance similar to Western Red Cedar. Moisture resistant for maximum weather protection.
7-Tier Plant Stand is rated 4.3 out of 5 by 28.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Murmaude from Good planr stand Have had it a few months now. Easy to assemble and cedar smelled lovely when unpacked although the odor is now gone. Light so easy to move but very sturdy. Using it indoors and plan to get one of the lower versions for my patio. If it were made of bamboo would give it a 5.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Charlotte from Good product Very nice. Fits my plants and easy to put together.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Angela from Worked out great for my needs.. the assembly was easy... Worked out great for my needs.. the assembly was easy enough and the stand is very sturdy. Here’s hoping it lasts.
Rated 4 out of 5 by Anii from good for the price very nice, a little over priced and a little wobbly but perfect for small

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.177521
Retrieved Text: What do I go about engaging your services for Event decorations and Conceptualising?
And we will get back to you soonest.
Do you do rental of plants and accessories?
Yes we do. Rental of plants for showrooms and offices are available as well. Do drop us a message to find out more on our range and prices.
Upon checking out, you will be routed to Paypal and from there, you can pay by all major credit cards.
What are the Shipping modes and duration?
We do door-to-door delivery and would take around 1 to 3 working days after payment is made.
For all Cash On Delivery option, we will send out a confirmation order on delivery schedule, and goods will be sent out within 3 working days.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.144381
Retrieved Text: 1. Know your plants. Only pick plants when you are positive about what they are. Keep a plant ID book such as Peterson's Field Guides "Edible Wild Plants" with you when you're out foraging so that you can check and double check your plants.
2. Respect the plants, the animals, and the earth. Only take from areas where there is an abundance of the plant you seek. Take less than 1/2 of what is there and leave plenty behind.
3. Never take endangered plants from their homes. Let them be and find something else to forage. These plants are at risk of becoming extinct which is not something we need to be contributing to in any way. To find out more about which plants are at risk you can check out a wonderful organization called United Plant Savers who provide lists of at risk plants along with many other amazing things.
4. Always ask the plants permission. This may sound silly to you but when you ask permission, you at honoring another living thing. Maybe that plant needs to be there for some reason or maybe it's struggling and needs every bit to revive itself. Obviously it won't answer you by speaking to you however, if you slow down and become present enough, you get an intuitive sense telling you if it's ok. This can take time but trust what comes to you. Connecting with plants is a profound experience that will only help you become a better herbalist or forager.
5. When you take from the earth, leave something

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.099256
Retrieved Text: I have been away for two weeks! Yikes...longest time ever! I had a good excuse...I have been a busy bee! I just wrapped up our Plantapalooza event which brought over 140 people into our school to learn about container gardening and then they got to make and take their own container gardens home. One problem though...it poured during our event. No garden scavenger hunt...not to many filled containers. We gave them garden greens a garden buck I made in my plant unit. They can come to school any time to claim their container and soil. We had amazing door prizes and every family went home with a prize and two free tomato plants donated by Majestic Farms out of Hatley. This was a great family night, but it has consumed me. The garden is growing and the plants are going in...that has also taken up a ton of time...our garden club ended last week...one week to early to actually plant the plants in the ground. We are going to plan B...5th graders will be using simple machines to plant the plants next week. Clever plan.
Kinders are growing plants in a glove to watch seeds grow. We read the book Plants and Seeds. It's short and sweet. We then wrote what we learned about plants and seeds on a flower pattern.
Different sized seeds in each finger! Kinders growing!
We made symmetrical butterflies by painting the FOSS butterfly pattern on one side. We then played the butterfly game I made which is similar to the cootie game we played

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.071886
Retrieved Text: Is there something wrong with fossil fuels and the carbon dioxide released when we use them? Maybe, maybe not. Regardless, I challenged myself to live without fossil fuels for a single day. Here is how it went.
I have said this for years - if petroleum products were taken out of your home - you would be sitting on the floor with very little in your house and you would be naked and have nothing to eat unless you had a tree with fruit on it but that wouldn't work if the tree had been fertilized.
Liberals are damn stupid because they do not consider what petroleum brings us.
I was the Director of Handicapped Services at College of the Mainland, Texas City, Texas, where most of the plants are that make your gasoline and these petroleum base products by breaking down the molecules of oil - the side products of oil. That is where plastic comes from - these plants that sit on the inter-coastal canal, using that water.
There is one problem with living or working, as I was working, near these plants. Sometimes they blow up or have fires that put caustic material in the air that can kill you. After an enormous explosion in the past that killed hundreds in those plants including those living in Texas City, an alarm system was installed for the whole area. If that alarm sounds, get out of Texas City.
One day at the college, that alarm sounded. Very little was said as everyone immediately headed for their cars, including me.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.020371
Retrieved Text: In a week we will be heading to the Mother Earth News Fair in Albany Oregon as a vendor, so we are working on getting a back stock of clothespins. There are ten steps to making a clothespin so it takes a while to get that back stock ready. The pins above still need to be oiled, dried, sorted, assembled and packaged.
In clothespin news, our prices have recently changed. We have improved our manufacturing through upgrades. Thank you to all of you who have made it possible. We are passing the savings on to you. Visit HERE to read about the changes. Visit HERE to go to our store.
Between all the other stuff, I sneak out to the garden every day to water and check on my little green babies. I am really quite pleased with what is coming up so far. The beans, sugar snap peas, raspberries, and even the carrots are doing well so far.
Yesterday, I planted more cucumber, dill, marigolds and nasturtiums. With this weeks warm weather they should germinate quickly.
We also have volunteer plants. These (pumpkin I think…) grew in the compost pile so I transferred them. We shall see what surprises we get.
I also have some volunteer potato cucumber plants that I am letting grow. Why throw out perfectly good plants and free food right? I love my happy spot. I love watching plants grow and miracles spring out of the earth.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.949094
Retrieved Text: I have newly planted strawberry plants this year. They seem to be doing fine. I just came across this somewhere and wondered if I am supposed to be doing this.
Please let me know exactly what needs to be done. Thanks in advance.
good point, I too would like to know the answer to this.
That is what all of the instructions always say. I never pay any attention however as getting a batch of berries that first year is more important to me than runner production. Plants most always produce far too many runners, and those excess runners have to be pinched in order to keep the number of plants in check. I planted 150 new strawberry plants this year and didn't pinch a singe bloom. Berries will begin ripening soon, but yesterday I noticed that some of the plants have already started producing runners, inspite of the fact that the berries have not begin to ripen yet. There is certainly no danger of having inadequate runners.
I was able to plant my berry plants very early in the season, about two months ago. If planting now, perhaps would have to consider removing blooms, as the plants would not have a chance to get settled in before blooming and berry production, and that would be quite a drain on plants that had just been planted.
What do you mean by runners? Is it kind of like the plant starts branching off as another plant or what?
Strawberry plants multiply freely by producing runners which grow across the ground and set a

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.93821
Retrieved Text: Home >> Uncategorized >> What is a Plant of Merit?
The Plants of Merit program, sponsored by the Missouri Botanical Garden, was established in 1998 as a way to educate and increase gardening success for homeowners. Plants of Merit are plants selected for their outstanding quality and dependable performance, and they grow consistently well in this region of the Midwest.
The program’s running list is made up of regionally proven annuals, bulbs, perennials, shrubs, vines, trees and edible ornamentals.
A committee of experts is responsible for selecting the plants that will be added to the Plants of Merit list each year. The plants added to the list will not necessarily be the most popular plants at that point in time. They must endure a years-long study before they are eligible to be added to the list.
“The one rule that’s not likely to change is that a plant can’t be named a Plant of Merit until we’ve observed it for at least five years,” Tynan explained.
So, it’s possible that a “trending” plant in 2018 would not be named a Plant of Merit until 2023 – assuming it met all the criteria, survived the study and then was voted in by the committee.
Members of the committee have a chance to throw out ideas of what should be added to the list and, even if a plant appears to check all the necessary boxes, that doesn’t mean it will be chosen.
The committee talks over the Plants of Merit candidates and eventually whittles down the list until it is finalized.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.928409
Retrieved Text: Can you help me choose which plants are right for me?
Of course! You can browse by Species, by Use (e.g. a formal hedge or small woodland) or by Characteristic (say, autumn interest, fruits or native plants). You can then search within those categories depending on the growth rate, height and soil type.
Should you need any more detailed advice, you can always call the Sales team – we're on hand from 8.30am-5pm Monday-Friday on 01673 818046.
How are my plants looked after and stored at your nursery?
After our plants are lifted and graded, we dip their roots in a Broadleaf Root Dip and heel them into one of our compost beds, keeping them safe throughout the winter months. We can then pick your order quickly and package them ready for despatch.
Should I choose bare root plants?
If you're investing in a planting scheme, whether small or large, we find customers are very often keen to buy in the most cost-effective way – and that’s bare root. They weigh less, making them easier to transport and quicker to plant. They are planted when they are dormant in the winter months and need little maintenance over that period. However, we do advise that whenever you plant bare rooted you allow for some natural losses; that is an accepted norm, but as long as you choose the right bare root plants for your soil type and location, you look after them upon receipt and you've planted as per our Plant Welfare Guide, bare root plant losses can be kept to a minimum

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.919684
Retrieved Text: Misstatement: "We need to build more coal power plants and keep existing plants open…coal is cheaper than renewable energy and better for jobs."
People across Australia are leading the way by installing solar panels on roofs and doing everything they can to reduce their use of electricity and their carbon footprint.
Many of Australia’s coal fired power plants are coming to the end of their life cycle. Energy companies need to work out what energy sources will be used to replace these ageing plants – will they build new coal power plants, or invest in wind, solar and other renewable technology, along with battery storage?
Unfortunately, politicians’ decisions (or lack of decisions) are making it virtually impossible for companies to make investment decisions. Energy companies aren’t replacing ageing, inefficient power plants because they don’t know what policies will be implemented by our politicians. And that’s why electricity prices are going up.
And it’s important to note that it will be cheaper to replace ageing coal power plants with renewable energy sources such as wind, solar. Lower investment costs means lower electricity prices for people across Australia.
Businesses and unions have also made clear they want to see a just transition towards a clean and sustainable economy. There is a real opportunity to create new jobs in renewable energy industries such as solar and wind. If we invest in higher education – universities and TAFE – we can build a skilled workforce capable of taking advantage of these new opportunities. It’s now time for the Government to act.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.904721
Retrieved Text: What do you do with the shavings and sawdust that come out of your dust collector? I use mine as mulch, usually, for trees and bushes in the yard. Keep in mind that anywhere you put sawdust on the ground, it will kill anything that tries to grow in that area. The reason is that the high carbon content in the sawdust chemically binds the nitrogen the plants want to use for food.
Mulch also prevents sunlight from reaching the ground.
Speaking of food, it’s generally recommended that we shouldn’t mulch food crops with shavings, in case the wood might be contaminated with things you wouldn’t want to put in your mouth.
Back in the 70s I was in college and wore a sign on my back that read, “Po’ College Student.” I wanted to have a garden on a budget. I went to the local feed store, where I found tomato plants for 50 cents each. On my budget, I could afford six plants. Dejected, I wandered back out toward my car, when I noticed, leaning against the front of the store, some lonely, wilted, scraggly tomato plants tied in bunches. They were marked 75 cents per bunch. I could afford three and still buy a little bag of butterbean seeds.
Arriving home, I got a shock. Within each bundle were 25 little bare-rooted plants. Having already turned over an area of my back yard, I found I needed to open a bigger rectangle! My neighbor came over to see what I was up to, and I bemoaned the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.891628
Retrieved Text: We recently featured the DIY Electronic Watering System which used technology take care of your plant for you but what if you still want to be involved but just need some reminders to keep your plants alive? Have a look at the Talking Plant Project that jeff-o made called The Plant Whisperer. We have all heard that talking to your plants is good for them but I wonder if having your plants talk to you is good for you? Might as well build the project and find out because that is what your plants will be doing when your Plant Whisperer is done!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.863595
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Aquarium Plants' started by theGrynch, Mar 19, 2010.
Well, this is certainly a tough lesson to learn. I spent a fair bit of time researching what plants I wanted to have in my tank, and after seeing other people have success with a few different types, decided to try my hand at it. I went out to my local PetCO, bought a few plants in the nice, near little tube, brought them home and started getting them into the tank. Lo and behold, I realize I made a mistake and got a couple which were the wrong plant altogether, plants that were labeled as Java Ferns but were actually some sort of bog plant which should never be used in an aquarium. I went back out the next day, hoping to exchange or just return them. Well... Little did I know that it's apparently a huge deal to do a return or even an exchange on something that is CLEARLY mislabelled and could ruin someone's home aquarium. My mistake.
I did an exchange and got a couple of lovely looking plants that I figured would look nice with the variety of sword plants I'd already gotten. Get those home, find out they're also not an aquatic plant. It's gotten to the point now that I'm suspicious of every single plant I got there, and made up my mind never to shop there again after how rudely I was treated over their mistake.
If anyone could so gracious as to give me a hand IDing some of the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.859334
Retrieved Text: Check out this great x-mas groupshow at Mirai Projects!
Provided are images from my Vegetation series.
Now you know what you will spend your x-mas money on, don’t you?
This photographic initiative of plants shot with flash and flashlights represents a line of my work which addresses the threat and activity of the night as a mode of consciousness. The photo sessions are executed in dark parks, countryside’s or distant forests during the night. Terrifying, existing, real moments in my fictive world.
What relation is going on between plants and humans? We are puzzled about the complex molecular structures of chemical components found in plants, structures which we try to solve our own illness in our bodies. Some plants seems to be in a mental relation to us through neural connectedness. Our health couldn’t have survived without them. They can obviously survive without us. They connect through their presence in our bodies and mind, the rhythm of breathing. The plants distanced self-sufficiency brings up something restoring when human life is so full of dependency and endless circles of social problems to solve.
This large scale project was made at nights on two ice covered lakes in Stockholm between the years 1996-1998. The specific time of the night when taking the pictures was in a correlation to the position of the stars.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.8421545
Retrieved Text: Garden design – that’s just about where you put plants, isn’t it?
Garden and landscape design are really just getting the planting right isn’t it?
Plants ARE important – they are just not THE most important thing when it comes to garden design. I can feel the tut tutting as you are reading this – ‘not about plants, what’s she talking about!’ You are probably not convinced, thinking you are reading the ramblings of a crazy woman. That’s OK. Like many misconceptions, it’s going to take a bit of persuasion and coersion to set the record straight.
So if garden design isn’t about plants – what is it about?
Well cake, actually. Yes, glorious, delicious, icing covered, cake. Think of plants as the icing on the cake, NOT the cake itself. They finish it off, make it look pretty and make the garden feel like, well, a garden.
Really GOOD garden design is about the shape first, then the plants. Shape is so important because it provides the framework that the plants sit in. If the shape or main body of the garden is well thought out, then the whole garden works as one entity, not just a hit and miss of plants dotted here and there.
They get hung up on the icing. The pretty bits – the plants. If you just focus your design on what plants you are going to put in, chances are you’ll create a chaotic plant paradise but not a great garden. For some people that’s fine. BUT I suspect, not for you. The fact you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.840511
Retrieved Text: Your little seedlings may be buried away in the dirt, but soon they will grow into full-sized plants. Be sure you know how big they will get! Know what sort of plant you are selecting, as well as the potential width and height. If the plants you select are wider than they are tall, make sure they are spread out evenly so they have space to grow. On the other hand, if your new plants are going to stretch skyward, be sure they won’t be creeping over your fence and into the neighbor’s yard.
Obviously, your plants are going to require more love and care after you plant them. Be sure that you can access all of your plants easily for maintenance, whether that be watering or pruning. This can be done by placing small walkways in between clusters of plants, or having one large pathway down the middle. When choosing a pathway, it may be wise to invest in a pathway made from paving stones. This way, you won’t have unsightly dirt to traipse through in order to care for your plants. Selecting stone over grass can also help you avoid excess mowing and accidentally damaging your garden!
If you are installing a garden and think our paving stones may help you, be sure to call us! The experts at Loukonen Bros. Stone are here to help.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.825861
Retrieved Text: Unfortunately we do not have a showroom. We are purely an online retailer which keeps our costs low to deliver the best value, likelike plants to Australia. All images on our website are photographs of our actual products so you can be confident in the product you are buying.
How lifelike are your plants?
All images of our plants are real photos of our products. We strive to source the highest quality and lifelike plants, trees and flowers. Most trees including all Bamboo and Maple are made from real natural timber trunks. We distinguish ourselves by only stocking the highest quality, lifelike plants. Many of our plants including all bamboo trees are made from real plant trunks. Made from high quality plastic with metal support and structure, and the highest attention to detail.
How do I remove or change items in my cart?
If you would like to remove or change items in your cart. Simply click the "view cart" button in the upper right hand corner of the website.
On mobile devices, click the VIEW CART link in the Menu bar.
Does someone need to be present when shipping to a home address?
If no one is going to present during expected delivery, please specify this during checkout in the notes section. Alternatively you may leave a note for the courier at your door. If the courier is unable to deliver your package they will retun it to the nearest depot for collection. Please note we cannot ship to PO Boxes - we can only ship to physical addresses as we use

================



======= Instance Index 6452 =========
Input Text: What is a head attached to?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- home
- subordinate
- foot
- base
- point

Target Text: base

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.615265
Retrieved Text: Assist to change a shower head. Pictures attached.
Completed the job quickly and was helpful.
Change an existing shower head. New shower head provided. Please refer to attached pics and what I want to have it changed to.
Steve was on time, quick, polite, and went the extra mile.
There are two tasks involved. 1.) Replace an existing shower head with a twin shower heads (see attached picture) and 2.) attach an extension mobile shower head to the tub tap.
Fit new shower head which will be supplied.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.13406
Retrieved Text: The head that comes to learn is attached to a heart, and cannot function except as the heart influences how much and what kind of work the head can do. Similarly, the head that comes to teach is attached to a heart, and functions only in relationship to that heart, no matter how hard the head tries to deny or bury the emotions (Changing the Way We Teach Math, p.4).
Many readers from Norway to my blog these past couple of weeks. Welcome! I'm curious about how you are finding my blog. Can anyone let me know how/why you're coming now?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.320002
Retrieved Text: I try to encourage myself to act in a way that supports gender equality, and I call that feminist. Whatever word people want to use to call that, I'm not really attached to a label.
I am grateful to theatre for making me what I am today. But it's not like theatre is my first love. I am equally attached to cinema, which is, actually, a child of theatre, since it borrows heavily from it.
Thanks to the success of Henning Mankell and Peter Hoeg, there wasn't the same stigma attached to writing genre thrillers in Scandinavia as there was in many other cultures. Quite the opposite, in fact.
People become so deeply attached to the sound of one period that they blow a fuse when you move on. I've heard people complain bitterly about recordings they haven't even heard.
When I was in art school, there was a stigma attached to coming from comfortable suburbia. If you were from Great Neck, Long Island, you couldn't be a 'real artist', so I found crafty ways of implying that I was from New York.
What I've learned is there's a scientifically proven phenomenon that's attached to gratitude, and that if you consciously take note of what is good in your life, quantifiable benefits happen.
My husband calls me 'throwy-outy' - he's horrified at how easily I dispense with things. People I won't let go of, but things, mementos from shows, I'm not particularly attached to.
Whether the medium is ready for consumers is better judged by those consumers. I sometimes read online - but

########
Rank: 3
Score: 14.993017
Retrieved Text: Peeled and deveined shrimp are easy to find at the store, but they can be a good bit cheaper with the peels on. Save money by doing the work yourself.
There are different ways to peel shrimp: completely peeled, tail-on or head-and-tail-on. Your recipe will tell you what you need.
For completely peeled and deveined shrimp, gently twist to remove the head if it's still attached. Then go underneath, where the legs are attached, and dig your thumb under the shell to release. Next, remove the tail with a gentle tug.
Lay the shrimp down and run your paring knife along the back.
Try not to cut too deep, and pull out the thin gray vein. For tail-on shrimp, remove the shell as you did before, but leave the last segment attached, then devein.
When recipes ask to keep both the head and the tail on, just remove the shell from the middle. Make a shallow cut in the back of the shrimp and pull out the vein.
Now you're ready for all kinds of shrimp dishes, and you saved some cash.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 14.927022
Retrieved Text: At church on Sunday, two people, yes, two people ask me if I shaved Baby O's head....hum....NO! Really, what were they thinking, what new mom would shave their baby's head?
That brings me to bald baby heads (of course, attached to a cute baby body), they are my favorite. I honestly, think that bald babies are so cute, they have this old man look. Baby O is over 4 months old and doesn't really have any hair except this long patch (that is very blond, although it might have a hint of red) that is growing out of the scar he got from the monitor attached to his head during his birth.
And I save money on baby shampoo.
Actually, we have shaved our babies' heads. It was only after they had lost all their hair and had that little bit in the back that looks like a mullet. Also, we shaved Rachel's because she was bald on top, not on the sides and had these little pieces on top that looked like a comb over. It really needed it!
you're at least lucky he's a boy. Everyone asked me what "his" name was with my daughter (dressed in pink). awesome. we just got our first haircut last week at 26 months. She still looks lke a boy. how sad. grow hair.... grow! and no, she is not getting her ears pierced till she's 10 and she can take care of them herself.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.908786
Retrieved Text: Beta 1/4 '' long 9/32' hex head is a replaceable cap designed for use with other Beta tools. Allows fast fastening and loosening of bolts or nuts using an attached ratchet handle or a knob with socket for sockets. Place the product in a 1/4 "socket for attachments. The replaceable socket system provides a full range of tools at an affordable price. In addition, it takes up little space, is light and easy to carry.
Name Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -9/32' Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -9Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -10Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -11Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -12Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -13Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -14Mm Beta 900Mb/L10 Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -10Mm Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -3/16" Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -7/32" Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -1/4" Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -5/16" Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -11/32' Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -3/8" Beta Socket Long 1/4" Drive Hex. -9/16" Beta Socket Long1/4" Drive Bi-Hex. -1/4" Beta Socket Long1/4"Drive Bi-Hex. -5/16" Beta Socket 1/4" Drive Hex. -11/32" Beta Socket 1/4" Drive Hex. -3/8" Beta Socket 1/4" Drive Hex. -7/16" Beta Socket 1/4" Drive Hex. -1/2"
Summary Beta 1/4 '' long 9/32' hex head is a replaceable cap designed for use with other Beta tools. Allows fast fastening and loosening of bolts or nuts using an attached ratchet handle or a knob with .. Beta 1/4 ''

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.86791
Retrieved Text: People often ask me, Rabbi Diamond, what do you like to do for fun. Usually I tell them innocuous things like playing guitar, going on long walks, reading, but that’s not really true. What I really like to do is go on YouTube and watch videos of the Slingshot Ride. If you don’t know what the slingshot ride is. Imagine a two roller coaster seats that are attached within a sphere made out of pipes. The sphere is attached to two cables, one on either side that are attached to two huge towers. Imagine a slingshot of the Jolly Green Giant. In order to ride, they strap you into the seats, and the pull the metal ball down with the two people inside, and they launch them fifty or sixty feet into space, but the cables are still attached, so the people shoot up and then to down and up and down. Often they spin head first in the air as the bounce up and down.
But the best part are the videos where the camera is attached to the sphere, pointing at their faces. The greatest part is seeing the shock or joy or delight as they are first catapulted up, but the more interesting moments are after they strap the riders in. The attendants slowly pull the sphere into what looks like a hole in the ground. Then there is a pause for one, two, three, four or five seconds, and that pause tells their entire story of how they relate to life. Some scream,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.802098
Retrieved Text: The Assistant Teaching tubes allow a second head to be attached to the scope in order for a second person to view the operating surface at the same time as the main user. The tube is attached to a beamsplitter and a binocular or monocular head is then attached. Available in 2D and 3D.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.711671
Retrieved Text: There is a boat with a ladder attached to it, the ladder is eight feet tall. If the water rises four feet how much of the ladder will be on top of the water?
Eight feet, the ladder is attached to the boat.
5+3+2 = 151022 9+2+4 = 183652 8+6+3 = 482466 5+4+5 = 202541 Then; 7+2+5 = ?
What king can you make if you take: the head of a lamb the middle of a pig the hind of a buffalo and the tail of a dragon?
Smiles, because there is a mile between each "s".

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.711613
Retrieved Text: Hyper Cutter Prevents the Attack stat from being lowered. This Pokemon cannot have its Attack lowered.
Sheer Force* This Pok�mon's moves with extra effects have 1.3x� their power, but their effect chances are reduced to 0.
Leaf Green It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws.
Diamond/Pearl Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
Platinum Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
Heart Gold It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
Soul Silver It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.
Black Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.
White Attached to its head is a huge set of jaws formed by horns. It can chew through iron beams.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.695639
Retrieved Text: Animal Trophy Head Patterns Sheep These are all 7 � tall without ears. Made from Felt fabric and stuffed. When finished the head is attached to a wood plaque about 6� across.
The head is a very simple construction which is stuffed. Eyes are animal eyes attached and a leather patch for the nose.
Natural Sheep locks from Sheep fleece are needle felted around the head when finished.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.63941
Retrieved Text: The Custom Brackets GLM 5.5 Quick Release Plate is a 5.5" long Arca-type compatible plate that is ideal for use with 300mm or 400mm telephoto lenses. It can be attached to the tripod collar's foot, and can be adjusted to achieve balance when using a gimbal head. It can also be attached directly to a camera's tripod mount for applications where a longer plate is needed, such as when small adjustments are needed when shooting macro photography. The plate is supplied with 3 D-ring mounting screws for easy attachment.
Box Dimensions (LxWxH) 5.5 x 1.5 x 0.5"
GLM 5.5 Quick Release Plate is rated 4.5 out of 5 by 4.
Rated 3 out of 5 by Paula from Not for heavy gear. The plate is easy to attach to camera body or lens foot. For lightweight gear I suppose this holds well. When attached to a Canon 300mm 2.8 which is on a Canon 1dx body the plate does not hold securely. There definitely needs to be some sort of traction on the top of this plate. Once I mounted the plate to the lens foot and attached it to my Jobu jr3 gimbal head the entire setup did not hold solid. Everything began to twist and felt unstable. I was looking for something to use for astrophotography. The 5.5 length is a bit short to allow for this combination setup to tilt upwards enough for overhead shots. This might work better with the lens attached to my 5diii body. I am going to get a 6.5 inch plate

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.548921
Retrieved Text: - What is Pediculosis or Head Lice?
- What is the life cycle of the head lice(louse)?
Moving lice or non-moving nits may be seen on the scalp and hair. Each louse is approximately 1–2 mm long and is white-gray in color. The white nits are smaller (0.5 mm), are firmly attached to the hair shaft, and are usually located very close to the scalp. Small red bumps may be seen on the scalp, neck, and shoulders. Occasionally, the lymph nodes behind the ears or in the neck may be swollen. Head lice infestations are quite itchy.
- How can you take care?
- What will be the cost for the treatment of Head Lice?
The cost for the treatment is dependent upon the type of treatment chosen. Generally, a single consultation with Dr. Rinky Kapoor would cost approximately INR 1000/-. It is very important that, along with the treatment, your child should follow all the preventive measures to get rid of these head lice once and for all.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.486303
Retrieved Text: The Plymouth Evening Herald’s web site today published video recorded using a state-of-the art camera strapped to a reporter’s head, in what could be a trial run for solo war reporting from Afghanistan.
Maritime and defence correspondent Tristan Nichols had a small (what we used to call lipstick) camera attached to his head feeding a portable media recorder, whilst he followed Plymouth squaddies to Sierra Leone.
The result – some brilliant first hand footage, including an ambush on a patrol.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.476039
Retrieved Text: An authentic reclaimed Kentucky Bourbon barrel head, decorated with patriotic American Flag artwork. The back of the barrel head has an attached hanger, just slide onto a nail or screw. Our barrel heads sizes vary slightly, but they are about 21.5" in diameter. Because these are real reclaimed Barrel Heads, every barrel head is unique. Some are lighter in color, some darker; some barrel heads have splits or cracks, while others may not. Every barrel head we sell is authentic, and was once used in the aging of Kentucky Bourbon. Many of the Barrel Heads you see for sale are simply nailed together and 'wet'. This will cause the wood to shrink over time, causing their barrel heads to become severely cracked. Our barrel heads have been kiln dried to furniture grade standards, then refinished for strength and beauty and come attached to our proprietary wooden hangers.
An authentic reclaimed Kentucky Bourbon barrel head, decorated with patriotic American Flag artwork. The back of the barrel head has an attached hanger, just slide onto a nail or screw.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.445129
Retrieved Text: Please do not be alarmed, as this is a common occurrence in schools. Head lice are not a sign of unclean people or homes.
Check your child’s hair for eggs (also called nits).
Tell us if your child is diagnosed as having head lice.
If head lice is diagnosed, do not return your child to school until they have been treated.
What are they? Head lice are tiny insects that live only on people’s scalp and hair. They hatch from small eggs (nits) that are firmly attached to the individual hairs near the scalp and cannot be easily moved up or down the hair (as can specks of dandruff). They look like grains of sand. Nits may be found throughout the hair but are most often located at the back of the scalp near the neck and behind the ears. The eggs hatch in 6-10 days, with new lice reaching adulthood about 2-3 weeks later. The lice live by biting and sucking blood from the scalp. Lice can survive 1-2 days away from the scalp. Until a person with head lice is treated they can transmit them to others.
How should you check for head lice?
You probably will not see the lice, only the eggs. These are tiny, pearl-gray, oval-shaped specks attached to the hair near the scalp. Look carefully, using a magnifying glass and natural light. Search for nits at the back of the neck, behind the ears, and at the top of the head.
Anyone who has close contact with an infested person or shares personal items can become infected.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.444054
Retrieved Text: General Chit Chat / Is there anybody there?
General Polymer Clay Questions / Re: Can I bake clay attached to a doll head?
General Polymer Clay Questions / Can I bake clay attached to a doll head?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.373296
Retrieved Text: Pookie025 has attached these 6 pictures to aid in identification. The message is below.
Posts: 106 Hello, I'm guessing, your photo's, I myself cannot see it good & it small. Early swimming nymph, crawler, guess, swimming Ephemerella.,subvaria. Go to this site & look at the hatchs. You have it fresh in your head, you'll find it. Try what I thought it could be.
finding, looking, & scraching the top of your head,huh!!!!
Posts: 318 From the top your first picture is a stonefly, probably a Taeniopterygidae. Your second picture no idea what it could be, the third is a mayfly of some sort, the fourth and fifth are two different caddisflies, and the sixth is a repeat of the second.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.366511
Retrieved Text: What is a Nit | What are nits | Licefreee!
Home > Resources > Head Lice Information > What is a Nit?
Nit(s) is a common name of a head lice (louse) egg. A female louse can lay up to 10 nits per day, and it usually takes about 7-10 days for them to hatch. If left untreated in a 30-day lifespan a louse can lay up to 100 eggs in her lifetime. Nits get firmly attached to the hair fibers approximately 1.5 cm away from the scalp with glue like substance which makes them incredibly difficult to remove. The nit itself is a smooth oval shaped structure that is attached to the side of the hair. They are the similar size, shape, and color of a sesame seed. Often dandruff is mistaken for nits, but because of their special adhesive, they are not as easily removed as dandruff would be. Removing all of the eggs and disposing of them is the most effective way to ensure the eggs are dead. Nits can blend into lighter colored hair making them difficult to spot, so a thorough combing with a lice comb is recommended. If you find a nit that is further down the shaft of the hair and not close scalp is a good indicator that the egg is dead. A child can have as little as one nit or several hundred depending on the severity of the infestation. Some treatments are unable to kill lice eggs, so be sure to use an effective treatment and perform a

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.366163
Retrieved Text: I had a B9030 head unit which burnt out sad to say, i went for an after market Din Head unit a Pioneer Sph Da120, which fits and works fine with the new adapters. i have just one issue i have attached images to which i need the wiring adapter for the rear camera i have taken a shot of the new head unit from the rear and the plug/wire that came from the B9030 for the rear view camera to work which is not working right now and need some help.
if anyone has any idea on what the wiring adapter is called or where i can get it from i would appreciate your help.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.31827
Retrieved Text: 7 – 12 meters (23’ to 40’) 8 tonne mooring systems are engineered to suit larger vessels or vessel owners who want mooring to ride out cyclones or extreme weather events.
Moorings Northland only uses the best quality ‘tested’ ropes. Our ropes are on thousands of mooring systems and have proven the test of time. We independently test break or ropes to destruction and they all brake above the tested ratings on supplier reports.
Our company standards ensure we fit the best recognized industry standard swivels. All our shackles are batch ‘tested to destruction’. We fit larger shackles to moorings affected with electrolysis and ensure that the pin of the shackle is larger in diameter than the top chain it attached to. We also weld the shackle pins closed to prevent any potential for slippage if the pin thread wears. (photo right – ‘Destroyed shackle‘) This shackle was tested to destruction.
A mooring float system is designed to support all the top chain thus making the strop and head rope very light and easy to secure your vessel to. We can do short pole or long pole designs.
The ‘tall stand Fergie Buoy’ is a hard rotationally molded float that stands approximately 1.5meters above the water. It is connected to the top chain via a nylon center strop. The head rope or bridle is then attached to this center strop.
This system is strong yet gentle on the top sides.
Has a moderate tendency to twist the head rope or bridle (NRC now requires a stainless steel swivel to be attached (Aug

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.259692
Retrieved Text: A sturdy, non-bending aluminum shaft and two sturdy handles, one fixed to the shaft and one attached to the mop head, making it is easy to control how much moisture is left in the mop head, as it is twisted around the shaft.
Features: A sturdy, non-bending aluminum shaft and two sturdy handles, one fixed to the shaft and one attached to the mop head, making it is easy to control how much moisture is left in the mop head, as it is twisted around the shaft. Looped mop: possible to exert downward pressure while mopping, allowing the user to actively rub a spot with stubborn dirt. The shaft breaks into two parts for easy storage. Should the mop head ever wear out, we can ship a replacement.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.256972
Retrieved Text: The wire may be wrapped directly under the head of a screw, may be held by a metal plate forced against the wire by a screw, or may be held by what is, in effect, a set screw in the side of a metal tube. The wire may be directly stripped of insulation and inserted under the head of a screw or into the terminal. Otherwise, it may be either inserted first into a ferrule, which is then inserted into the terminal, or else attached to a connecting lug. which is then fixed under the screw head.
Depending on the design, a flat-blade screwdriver, a cross-blade screwdriver, hex key, Trox key, or other tool may be required to properly tighten the connection for reliable operation.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.2509985
Retrieved Text: This patch shows a "Jester-head" on a Sheriff badge with helicopters in all the blank spaces around the badge. I don't know the story behind this one, and it does not come with velcro attached.
One of the most famous patches in the Helo community....it's BAA-AACCKK!!. This patch does not have velcro attached.
Another of the most famous patches in the Helo community. This patch does not have velcro attached.
This is for the "Set of 3" most (in)famous patches in the Helo community. These patches do not have velcro attached.
I don't know what this patch is for....I came across it with a supplier and it shows a helo at the top with the "English Crown" (I'm assuming) at the bottom, but I don't know what it means.
I don't know what this patch is for either....I came across it with a supplier and it shows the Starbucks logo girl holding 2 automatic pistols. It's a "helo squadron-related" patch, but I don't know which one.
This is a patch we had done for a customer of ours. It is given or used for vistors or PAX riding on the helicopter. It's very true. You get the folks in the helo and don't want them to touch anything and not say a word. This patch does not come with velcro.
This is the yellow/black version of the Marine Air Weapons and Tactics School "HUEY" patch. They use the Hueys for the exercises in which they participate. I believe they are located as MCAS Yuma, AZ.
This is the silver/black version of the Marine Air

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.244076
Retrieved Text: (1) The Head File. You already prepared the head code named: "HEAD CODE for pu#######_st####### Digital Throttle website"
(2) The DFP Ad Tags. You aleady prepared the DFP creative code named: "pu#######_st####### Digital Throttle DFP tags for website"
Thank you for being a part of Digital Throttle! This email contains the display ad codes you need to install in your ad-server (assumed DFP) and in the head of your site.
2. HEAD Code: on the attached file named “HEAD CODE…..” please install this file before the closing </head> on all pages in your site. This file is optional, but will speed up the ad serving we provide. This file basically determines what ads to load and has them ready to display once your ad server send us an impression.
Once you confirm installation, we’ll send information on our PORTAL for reporting and monitoring of revenue and ads running.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.240364
Retrieved Text: Top quality heat resistant kanekalon synthetic hair, feels silky and soft just like real human hair.
5 easy to attach hair clips, 9 inches wide, set weight 100g, 30 colours to choose from.
Our one piece sets will make thin hair thicker and short hair longer. Change your look in seconds.
Washable and reusable. Clips are already attached. See description for colour and style.
We will ship same day if order placed before 2pm. Free colour exchanges.
This is a curly/wavy, one piece clip in hair extension made from Kanekalon synthetic fibre. It feels and looks just like human hair.
This is the fastest way to extend your hair. A single section applied to the back of the head using the five attached clips.
Our fabulous instant full head one piece wefts are really easy to use, comfortable and take only seconds to put in.
Kanekalon® is natural feeling, lighter, softer hair with more natural body to complement today’s modern fashionable lifestyle. This world renowned synthetic fiber is what makes “Kanekalon®” name the best quality synthetic hair in the past 50 years, widely used for wig and hair extension’s leading brands around the globe.
If you are unsure of what colour you require please email us a photograph and we will do our best to colour match.
This entry was posted in Hair Extensions and tagged 100g, BROWN, chestnut, Clip, Clips, Curly, Elegant, Extension, Hair, Piece, Wavy by Hair Extensions. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 14.205258
Retrieved Text: A sculpture of the severed head of St. John the Baptist sitting in a bowl, with a metal halo attached to the top of the skull. The eyes are unusually large and expressive. Plentiful blood shows at the base of the neck. The halo is in the form of six concentric rings and is attached to the head by a peg. Some paint has flaked from the right temple. The bowl and stand seem to be sculpted of one piece and not of the same quality as the head itself, which is of fine work.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 14.171404
Retrieved Text: An excellent stroke to use if you suffer from blocked nasal passages is the breaststroke. While swimming the breaststroke, you will be able to take a breath every stroke through your mouth. This is the key for people who are having nose/breathing restrictions. This way of breathing while swimming is different than ‘swim breathing’. Swim breathing is when you exhale from your nose and take a breath in through your mouth. (Quoted from the movie, The Sopranos, “Fagettaboutit.”) The reality is, you are a mouth breather-and I am realist. If you try to swim breath, you won’t be swimming for long since water will be going up your nose. You need solutions, not more problems. Please watch the attached the video about breaststroke.
Another stroke you can use if you have blocked nasal passages is the sidestroke. For the sidestroke, your nose and mouth do not have to be in the water. You will be lying on your side. However, if you are not familiar with the coordination of this stroke, please watch the attached video on side stroke. The key to doing the sidestroke properly is to have the ear on the water side in the water AT ALL TIMES. You cannot be lifting your head or ear out of the water. Not even a little. This takes practice. When you lift your head up out of the water this causes the lower half of your body to sink. The sidestroke can be a very restful stroke.
The backstroke would be another stroke suggestion. However, even though

########
Rank: 28
Score: 14.126988
Retrieved Text: Wondering what this mundane piece of cardboard is doing in the world of tech? Well, this seemingly boring piece of cardboard can immediately turn your smartphone into an out-of-the-world virtual reality headset. This is nothing but the Google Cardboard which aims at developing accessible virtual reality (VR) tools to let everyone experience VR in an exciting way!
2. The cardboard is fitted with a pair of lenses of 40 mm focal distances through which the user can look back into the smart phone.
3. Now this is something quirky. This is a ring shaped piece of magnet that is attached to the cardboard. Since you can’t touch your phone while it’s strapped inside the cardboard, this diminutive magnet acts as a button which you can move and the cardboard will respond as if you’ve touched the screen. This magnet produces magnetic changes which are further detected by your phone using its magnetometer. You don’t often get to see magnets attached to the exterior of your devices. Simple and interesting, isn’t it?
4.The Google Cardboard basically achieves the Virtual Reality effect through head tracking. In simply words, your phone, which is strapped to your face, becomes a part of your head and the accelerometer present in your phone does the trick. It does all the required head tracking to help you interact with your surroundings. When you move your head, the images you see through the lenses will make you feel as if you’re in the same place as being shown on your smartphone.
Through the advent of this amazing Google

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.112773
Retrieved Text: my question is where is the best place to locate the coolant sensor? it invloves cutting one of my hoses in half so I'm intending on doing the fitting when I'm in the left side case sorting my kickstart out.
has anyone got a picture of the cooling system?
or inlet temp so i know what she's getting?
I would go for the outlet. That tells me how warm the engine is and that makes more sense than to know the temp of the water going in. Even if you know what she's getting it doesn't matter if you don't know if it's good enough.
is the one attached to the pump the inlet or outlet. the one on the left side?
I run two, Koso in the return to the pump and TrailTech in the bleed thread in the head.
Switch the motor off and watch the head temperature keep rising!!
You'd want to measure it as near as possible coming out of the head?

================



======= Instance Index 7525 =========
Input Text: When not in your home country you are?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- foreign
- in space
- tent
- work
- outside

Target Text: foreign

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.627527
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Cctv cameras Country View, ongoing cctv repairs Country View and installations in Country View.
Cctv cameras Country View has been operating for seven years and we have been theleader in security and CCTV in Country View for three of those seven years.
The owner of Cctv cameras Country View is personally qualified in all security and CCTV aspects. All technicians and technical staff are fully qualified and certified in the necessary ways.Even personnel staff and call centre agents that work in our head office and our call centre 24/7 are qualified in the basics of security and CCTV surveillance.
Cctv cameras Country View was started with the intention and belief that it could be different to other security firms out there. Enough research and time was put in to know that we wanted to offer a service to Country View citizens that was not only affordable, it must also cater to their security needs. Through experience and investigation and seeing how long it took for other security companies to respond to emergencies, we saw that good cctv security in Country View is a dire need. Cctv cameras Country View realized quickly that what most families want when looking for good security are CCTV cameras too.
Cctv camera installers Country View wanted to cater to families of all financial income statuses; we have different packages that suit your family’s needs and well as your pocket. Cctv camera repairs Country View also offer initial installment payment plan options (3 to 6 months) so that you can have top grade security

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.624466
Retrieved Text: Are you a locavore? Do you know what locavore means? A locavore is someone who eats fresh locally grown food.
Today we will talk about the term locavore because it is a new word - the 2007 Word of the Year for the Oxford American Dictionary – and because it is a new idea.
California’s locavore movement and Canada ’s 100-Mile Diet are attempts to eat food grown within a 100-mile radius of where you live. It is popular to use locally grown seasonal produce when preparing food. What fruits and vegetables are in season?
The locavore movement encourages consumers to buy from farmers’ markets or even to grow or pick their own food. The idea is that fresh local produce is more nutritious and tastes better. Do you agree?
Locavores do not buy produce at supermarkets that has been shipped from far away since shipping food over long distances often requires more fuel for transportation. Do you think this idea is environmentally friendly?
In pairs for 5 minutes, ask and answer these questions.
¨ Who prepared your meals when you were growing up?
¨ Did you like fruits and vegetables when you were a child?
¨ What is the earliest fresh local food you remember eating?
¨ When did you first try something new? What food was it?
¨ How has your taste in food changed since you were younger?
Listen and share your partner’s answers with the group.
In the United States , there are several ways you can buy produce directly from local famers. One way is farmers' markets, which are public spaces where farmers

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.611311
Retrieved Text: Welcome to Cctv cameras Silverwoods Country Estate, ongoing cctv repairs Silverwoods Country Estate and installations in Silverwoods Country Estate.
Cctv cameras Silverwoods Country Estate has been operating for seven years and we have been theleader in security and CCTV in Silverwoods Country Estate for three of those seven years.
The owner of Cctv cameras Silverwoods Country Estate is personally qualified in all security and CCTV aspects. All technicians and technical staff are fully qualified and certified in the necessary ways.Even personnel staff and call centre agents that work in our head office and our call centre 24/7 are qualified in the basics of security and CCTV surveillance.
Cctv cameras Silverwoods Country Estate was started with the intention and belief that it could be different to other security firms out there. Enough research and time was put in to know that we wanted to offer a service to Silverwoods Country Estate citizens that was not only affordable, it must also cater to their security needs. Through experience and investigation and seeing how long it took for other security companies to respond to emergencies, we saw that good cctv security in Silverwoods Country Estate is a dire need. Cctv cameras Silverwoods Country Estate realized quickly that what most families want when looking for good security are CCTV cameras too.
Cctv camera installers Silverwoods Country Estate wanted to cater to families of all financial income statuses; we have different packages that suit your family’s needs and well as your pocket. Cctv camera repairs Silverwoods Country Estate also offer initial installment payment plan options

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.436588
Retrieved Text: What exactly is “Social Security”?
Often equated with health insurance, Social Security actually refers to a much broader reality and includes family benefits, top-up pensions, welfare etc.
Social Security abroad covers very different systems depending on the country you are in, both in terms of organisation and the range of services available. In some countries where some risks are inadequately covered, or not covered at all, the purchase of private international insurance is essential to cope with the challenges that life can bring. Similarly, some countries have a Social Security scheme which covers health insurance and others do not.
When going abroad, you should compare the Social Security systems of your home and destination countries to work out how to "recreate" the cover you had at home.
What are the main components of Social Security?
Covers costs related to illness, maternity, disability, death (not work-related).
Covers illness, disability and work-related death.
Covers retired people who were previously employed.
Covers family expenses: children, housing etc.
Welfare assistance for persons whose resources are too low to meet the needs generated by disability, age, illness and social or economic difficulties when other forms of support (social or family support) are insufficient or non-existent.
To supplement the various services offered by the state in a given country, it is possible to take out private insurance allowing the insured to adjust their cover to the desired level.
Can you keep your national Social Security cover during periods abroad?
In some cases, you can keep your national Social Security cover during periods of time spent abroad. This option is of real interest when the

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.42627
Retrieved Text: Furniture Tips: Country Decorating Ideas - Create Warmth And Charm With Country Style Decorating Ideas.
Furniture > Country Decorating Ideas - Create Warmth And Charm With Country Style Decorating Ideas.
Country decorating ideas can help you create a home that is warm, inviting and the perfect home to live in. Country style decorating ideas can help you capture the spirit of country living during modern times. If you are restoring a country home, try to keep the original woodwork, windows, floors, fixtures and cabinetry unless they are beyond salvaging. For decorating a new or existing home, there are choices you can make that will provide you with the charm and comfort of life in the countryside.
4. Kids Rooms - use wicker baskets, wooden chests and wooden bookshelves for storing books, toys and stuffed animals. When using tall bookshelves in your kids rooms, anchor them to the ceiling or walls so they cannot tip over. Bright colored plastic boxes are not good country style decorating ideas.
6. Sofas or Love Seats - country decorating ideas can transform your love seat or sofa. Add a beautiful loose floral print slipcover for a romantic country look. Include padded stools and ottomen for comfort and as a place to set your drinks or newspaper. Add one or more rocking chairs. Traditional country chairs and sofas have high backs. And if the living room has a bay window, consider building a window seat with several cushions, a perfect place for reading and relaxing. High tripod side tables are appropriate next to the sofa or

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.372969
Retrieved Text: The rich countries in the Middle East, such as Qatar, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia and particularly the UAE, have a reputation as places where qualified expatriates can earn a lot of money and enjoy a life of luxury. One thing that all these countries have in common is that a vast majority of expats don’t intend to stay indefinitely and retire here. This, at least for western expats, is mostly due to cultural differences, living costs and the fact that it is extremely hard to get and maintain residency without working here, let alone citizenship.
When first coming to a place like Dubai, a large number of expats are planning to work hard for a few years, take advantage of the high salaries and employee benefits (not to forget the absence of taxes) and then move on with accumulated savings and a better looking CV. For some of them, a few years may turn into a decade or more, as new opportunities arise and as they find themselves enjoying the rich expat lifestyle. Nevertheless, eventually most people will leave.
On their way out, many expats realize that their original goal of saving as much as possible has not been achieved. Although your salary is high, so are living costs and, more importantly, the constant peer pressure and opportunities to spend. Avoiding this trap requires self-discipline and planning.
One thing many expats neglect is pensions. Many employers in the Middle East offer pension schemes as part of their expat benefit packages, but typically they are not mandatory to participate in (legislation

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.240236
Retrieved Text: Crawl Space Encapsulation in the North Country | Basement Waterproofing Inc.
If the crawl space underneath your North Country home is untreated, it’s likely that your home is sitting on a dark, wet environment – which is the perfect breeding ground for insects and rodents. Not to mention, the moisture encourages the growth of mold, mildew and bacteria, which is not only harmful to your home, but can cause health hazards for you and your family. Poorly maintained crawlspaces can affect your lifestyle and can have a serious impact on the value of your home. One way you can prevent this from becoming a problem is by choosing crawl space encapsulation from Basement Waterproofing, Inc.
At BWI, our experts can help you determine if crawl space encapsulation is right for your North Country home. If there are any concerns, usually changes can be made that will allow for the encapsulation. When you choose crawl space encapsulation, you’ll be able to take advantage of the many benefits associated with it. Humidity levels will be reduced, which means less mold, mildew and bacteria growth, too. That allows for better air quality in your home. Additionally, you’ll likely enjoy improved home comfort and energy efficiency, better durability for items like flooring and home comfort equipment located in the crawl space area, and fewer pest concerns.
Count on Basement Waterproofing, Inc. for crawl space encapsulation in your North Country home.
When you need crawl space encapsulation for your North Country home, BWI can help you. For your convenience, we’re fully staffed during normal working

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.105202
Retrieved Text: In case you find out that your apartment or even home does not have that farmhouse feel or is lacking the cozy feel, then you will need to know that there is a simple way that you could be able to achieve this without you having to break the bank. It doesn’t matter if you have a small home in the city or even a spacious countryside home that needs revitalization, then you will need to find some great ideas as well as tips to help you accomplish this. There are different styles which could be used in decorating a country home. You will need to know that there are so many different tips as well as idea that you could use for your country decor.
In order for you to achieve a particular look when you are having a country project, then you will need to make sure that you take a look in a number of different things that are out there. The various things that you will need to check on include, wall treatment, floor treatment, soft furnishings, country style as well as floor treatment. When planning to have a country home decor project, here are some of the things that you will need to check out for.
There is no requirement that you must live in a rambling farmhouse so that you have the kind of country home decor that you are looking for. In fact, despite whether you are living in a high-rise apartment or even in a suburb bungalow, it is very

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.095966
Retrieved Text: Learning a new skill is an exciting time for any TALK International student, especially when it comes to studying abroad. There are many different things you will encounter on your travels to your host country that you will need to take in your stride. Here are some study abroad tips on how to keep an open mind and why it is important when you are studying abroad.
Don’t Have High Expectations: When studying abroad you may feel things should run or be a certain way when you arrive. In truth, it doesn’t always work this way. By having lower expectations of your impending situation, you are able to easily keep your mind open to changes that may occur which won’t cause upset in your life.
Know That Not Everything Will Be The Same: Thinking that the lifestyle or culture in your host country will be the same as your home country can lead to complications. Always remember that not everything will be the same as what it is in your home country. By remembering this you won’t be so out of place when you arrive in your host country.
Don’t Judge People By Stereotyping: Just because someone has a tattoo or has their head shaved, doesn’t mean that they are bad people. When in your host country, don’t automatically judge people by what they look like, their skin color, the way they talk, or the way they live. Everyone has a story to their life and by taking people as they come you will be able to learn more

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.08366
Retrieved Text: How Do You Begin A Kitchen Remodel in Town And Country Village, California?
You may cover a number of people who will help you with the design of the kitchen in Town And Country Village, California, and they will show you how to stay on a budget. You will create a gorgeous kitchen that you may be proud of, and you may ask the companies near you for help with a number of items that you may not know how to handle. You may have a small kitchen blown up into something larger, and you may have a larger kitchen remodeled in CA to be as functional as possible.
Tips you receive from contractors near me will help you ensure that you have a proper kitchen that is perfect for your home in Town And Country Village, California, and you will begin to blend the kitchen with the rest of the house. The kitchen will look perfect because it has been designed in a simple manner, and you may add anything you like to the room. Ask the contractor about prices for the job, and they will help you understand how to control the cost of a kitchen remodel.
How Do You Plan The Interior Design Of A Kitchen in Town And Country Village, California?
The cost of a kitchen remodel in CA is controlled by the design you place inside the room. You may add a number of different things to the room that will help you make it look perfect, and you may continue to add items to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.032936
Retrieved Text: The social security systems of EU, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Switzerland, are co-ordinated such that generally you are only liable to social security in one country at any one time. Furthermore, under these rules, you may not have to pay National Insurance contributions (NIC) if you were employed in another country but were then sent to the UK to do your present job working for the same employer (as long as you are not replacing another worker). This is to minimise the social security contribution record of internationally mobile workers being fragmented across different member states.
For more information, go to HM Revenue and Customs’ (HMRC) guidance, RDR1, chapter 11. You can find this on the GOV.UK website.
The answers to the following questions assume that you are posted to the UK from an EEA country or Switzerland.
Do I have to pay National Insurance contributions (NIC) in the UK?
Generally, people who are posted to the UK for no more than 24 months must remain in their home country social security scheme. If this applies to you, you do not have to pay NIC in the UK.
For longer assignments, as an exception, an agreement can generally be reached between the home and UK authorities for a posted worker to stay in their home country scheme for a longer period, typically up to five years.
Similar rules apply if you are self-employed and come to work temporarily in the UK.
If you fall under these rules you may not need to get a National Insurance number and will instead be allocated a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 16.022188
Retrieved Text: Working while traveling is a great way to travel for a long time without breaking the bank. There are always jobs you can do as a traveler. Be it; fruitpicking, waiting tables, cleaning hostels or working in an office.
However, just like at home there is always something that can go wrong during your time abroad. Such as sickness, accidents, stolen luggage and of course things that can go wrong back home. If you have the right travel insurance it will help you financially and offer help when you need it. On this page you can read how you can make sure you’re properly insured during your time abroad.
Why insure specifically during a working holiday?
Which insurance is suitable for Work and Travel?
Are there alternative insurances in certain activities or work?
Why take out insurance through JoHo?
Why take out insurance specifically for work and travel?
Depending on your home country, it might be that your health insurance does not offer any coverage if you need treatment abroad.
It might also be that your health insurance doesn't provide cover during work.
Regular travel insurances ususally don’t cover you during work.
Is It Wise To Take Out A Health Insurance In The Country I Visit?
Repatriation to your home country for medical reasons.
Repatriation to your home country because of family circumstances.
Repatriation to your home country after death.
Cost of relatives visiting in case you are seriously ill or injured and not able to travel home.
Before and after completion of the work.
Travel outside of the country your working in.
Because of the reasons mentioned above it is always a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.97463
Retrieved Text: Expatriate Kids News, Expatriate Parents and Tips on Expat Kids » Does ‘expat parents’ always have to mean ‘expat kids’?
The majority of expat parents choosing to leave their children behind will place them in boarding school. In the same way as schooling in an international institution abroad, this can have its advantages and disadvantages.
First and foremost, by allowing your child to stay in their home country you are saving them from the upheaval of relocating. It is a common misconception that children are able to adapt more easily than adults to new environments. What is more, your children will be able to continue their education in surroundings that they are familiar with, avoiding any potentially detrimental impact.
This especially applies to families in which parents regularly move between different countries for work. Putting children into boarding school in their home country gives them stability. It means they will not have to repeatedly go through the process of making friends and building relationships only to then have to say goodbye and start again from scratch somewhere new.
There is also the same multicultural environment available to your children by attending boarding schools, that they would have in a foreign country; just without the stress of moving away from home. In the UK, for example, 35% of students that attend boarding schools are foreign nationals or from expat families.
It depends where you are moving to and from, however, it may be that the quality of education and the long-term benefits of living abroad outweigh the familiarity and security of continuing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.917738
Retrieved Text: Whether or not an expat should keep your bank account in your home country will depend on the bank you are using, how long you have banked with them, if you are retaining an address in your home country and the type of account you have.
Keeping a local bank account in your home country can be convenient if you plan to return eventually in the near future, and also if your bank offers multi-currency accounts or offshore accounts. If you have mortgages or loans to pay in your home country, keeping a local bank account can also be an advantage. It would really depend on your situation and the terms that your bank can offer.
Some expats will keep buy-to-let or properties back home, the regular payment of utilities or other costs, will require a local bank account. Receiving a rental revenue from a buy-to-let or leasing of your primary residence can be subject to taxes, please make sure to highlight all of this to your tax consultant when doing your annual tax return in your home country and host country.
In any case, it will be a good idea to go to your bank before you leave the country and discuss your plans to live abroad to see if there are any arrangements that can be made to keep your account.
What will be your banking needs?
Before you start signing up for accounts, find out your needs. What kind of banking needs do you have? First you have to ask your employers on what currency you will be

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.8984585
Retrieved Text: Provence has become inspiration for French country home décor since they have stunning architecture and design. The decoration and accessories will make your house look elegant while the color selection produces calming feeling. This is why a lot of people love to have French country theme inside their house even though they do not have the real building. You can still have the appearance of French country house in any home as long as you put several accessories and decoration which suit the theme. Here are some ideas that you can use inside your house to get the French country appearance.
To make your French country home décor items even more convincing, try to use distressed wood material. Although the wooden item is not necessary to be old or antique but you can try to give distressed finish to make it appear old. You can try to do this for your new wooden furniture then combine it with the other furniture you have in your house. You can also use distressed finishing to the wood flooring which will make it look antique. Of course you do not need to use distressed look to all items since you can always combine new and old item together, use it in moderate.
This French country home décor furniture is important piece when you want to use the theme. As you know French country furniture is very unique and exquisite since they use European style furniture. The furniture has detailed craft which makes it appear more luxurious and glamorous. If you can,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.878031
Retrieved Text: COUNTRY Insurance & Financial Services SM helps families, individuals and businesses protect themselves from the unexpected and achieve financial security. Country Insurance offer a full range of insurance and financial products and services from auto, home and life insurance to investment management services and mutual funds.
Country Insurance are unlike many in their business. They are not huge, they are not pushy, they are not slick, and they are not the in-your-face type.
Country Insurance are knowledgeable, straightforward and reliable  everything you would expect from an organization called COUNTRY SM. When you contact Country Insurance, you always have the option of talking to a real person. When you have a claim they will put you in touch with an expert who can answer all your questions and help relieve the stress you're experiencing. And if you get frustrated with all the insurance and financial jargon in the business, they will help cut through the confusion.
Country Insurance pride themselves on being there for customers when they need them and having the know-how to simplify all financial and insurance issues and procedures. College graduates may simply need insurance for a car and apartment. Newly married couples may need home, life, and disability income insurance. Parents who have sent their last child to college may need advice on financial planning. Or, retirees may need a few investments to make them feel more secure. Country Insurance can help you find solutions that give you financial security and protection through every stage of your life.
Country Insurance Promise to you is that they

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.831085
Retrieved Text: When a person moves to a new country the experience can feel overwhelming. Whether an individual moves to a country with the same first language or not, the process of getting used to the new culture can be a time of uncertainty and anxiety.
This can apply to international students and it is helpful to realise that is quite normal to feel this way. It is important then to remember that it is a learning process, and that most students will return with greater self-confidence and the ability to manage in an intercultural environment.
When you arrive in England, you will no doubt encounter a multitude of new things. The food is not the same as it is at home, and familiar greetings such as 'hello' and 'good day', 'thanks' and 'how are you doing', may suddenly give completely different responses than the ones you are used to. People talk in a strange language and look different. University rules are different, and the way of studying may appear strange and difficult. Even though things seem very similar, they may not be, and suddenly everyday routine and simple actions become difficult and frustrating. It is often small differences that are most frustrating, as you think you know how to behave/do things, but you get a strange response. Your family and friends are very far away.
You start to experience difficulties with everyday things, as they are different from home, such as the language barrier, getting the right food etc.
You slowly start to understand the new culture and feel more in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.804946
Retrieved Text: Here what most people think about very small bathroom decorating ideas. Use this opportunity to see some galleries for your need, we hope you can inspired with these beautiful portrait. We hope you can use them for inspiration. Perhaps the following data that we have add as well you need. Small bathrooms before renovating yours, Any home improvement task very small like updating those bedroom all over world flooding magazines websites design blogs ideas achieve perfect bathroom space they also treat advice.
You must click the picture to see the large or full size gallery. If you like and want to share let’s hit like/share button, so other people can get this information. Here there are, you can see one of our very small bathroom decorating ideas collection, there are many picture that you can browse, don’t forget to see them too.
As well as when choosing furnishings to compliment nation home decorating, gentle wooden or wicker is instructed. Country home decorating may be attention-grabbing and fun. Wallpaper boarders are additionally usually utilized in country home decorating. Country home decorating creates a enjoyable and pleasant setting, meant to be heat and cozy. Country home decorating, because of its cosy atmosphere, is loved by the individuals who reside there in addition to all those that visit. As with every home decorating mission, a homeowner must first determine where they need to use nation home decorating. It is ok to use these additions but the rule of thumb is to make sure the patterns do not clash. Hooked, quilted and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.802181
Retrieved Text: What do you need to keep in mind when you move to a new country? Here’s our moving abroad checklist for any and all future expats.
Moving abroad is a huge step — something unimaginable for many people. For those who take on the challenge, it’s a lot of work. Before leaving your home there’s a long list of things to take care of, and quite a few tasks await you in your new country as well. To make the work a bit easier, we’ve put together a moving abroad checklist with the different items to remember as you move to your new country.
Of course, we don’t know the specific country you’re moving to and the way of life there, so this list isn’t definitive. We suggest that you also check with the official authorities in the country for further information — thanks to the internet it’s a lot easier than it was in the past. Let’s get started!
Your gaze is set on a new period in your life, but you still have to deal with bureaucracy in your home country rather than your destination one last time.
If you leave your home country in the middle of the year or move to a country with a lower tax rate, you still might be liable to pay taxes back home. Ask a tax advisor for more information, as this can vary by country. The key words to mention are double taxation agreement, low-tax countries and habitual residence.
Unless you’re moving to another English-speaking country, everything is easier if you

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.790975
Retrieved Text: Take a look at these in depth collection of wall art regarding wall prints, posters, and more to obtain the wonderful decor to your home. To be sure that wall art ranges in size, shape, figure, price, and style, therefore you'll find french country wall art that match your home and your individual sense of style. You can get everything from modern wall artwork to basic wall artwork, to assist you to be confident that there surely is anything you'll enjoy and right for your room.
You have many choices regarding wall art for use on your your house, such as french country wall art. Make sure that anytime you're considering where to find wall art over the internet, you find the best options, how the way must you select an ideal wall art for your space? Here are some galleries which could help: gather as many choices as possible before you buy, opt for a palette that will not express conflict along your wall and make certain that you enjoy it to pieces.
Should not be overly fast when buying wall art and visit as much stores or galleries as you can. Probably you will get better and more appealing parts than that series you checked at that first gallery or store you decided to go. Furthermore, do not limit yourself. Whenever there are actually only limited number of stores in the town wherever your home is, the trend is to decide to try seeking over the internet. You will find lots of online art galleries with

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.754174
Retrieved Text: Moving across the country can seem like a huge job – one that you might feel like you’re not really up for. While hiring a moving company to do the work for you can seem like the best option, the truth is that it may not be worth the thousands of dollars a single move is going to cost you.
A cross-country move can also have you wondering what to expect on the other side, especially if you’re moving to a place you haven’t spent a considerable amount of time.
If you’re planning a big move in the near future, make sure you take these cross-country moving tips into account before you even start packing.
Moving across the country to a place you’re not familiar with can leave you wondering about the housing market. Even if you’ve done some preliminary searches on the internet or even a bit of in-person investigation, knowing what housing is actually going to cost you when it’s time to rent or buy isn’t always easy.
However, it is essential that you do something before you plan that move to make sure you’ll be able to afford the city you’re living in. Moving to a new city for a great job isn’t ideal if you’re moving for a pay increase that won’t be enough to actually allow you to live comfortably in the city.
In general, big cities on the West coast like Los Angeles and San Francisco are going to be the most expensive, just like big cities on the East Coast – New York and

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.735325
Retrieved Text: When you leave your home country and the health insurance you have there, visitors insurance can bridge the needs gap. After all, you face different risks when you travel, and covering those travel risks with adequate travel medical insurance is the only way to be certain you will return safely and without paying huge foreign medical bills.
A good travel medical insurance plan can help international travelers avoid many travel disasters, including those that are not related to emergency health issues.
Visitors insurance is very similar to any other health insurance plan, covering doctor’s visits, x-rays, surgery, medication and more when a traveler is outside their home country.
When the host country cannot treat your injuries or illness, travel medical insurance will arrange and pay for you to be transported to the closest medical facility that can. This coverage will also return you to your trip or back home when you are well enough to travel again. Most health insurance plans do not have this coverage, but visitors insurance does.
In the unfortunate event that a traveler dies on their trip, no health insurance plan will pay the costs of retrieving the body and returning it to the home country. Visitors insurance will. Not only that, the insurance provider will negotiate with authorities, fill out the required forms, and make the necessary arrangements to return the traveler’s body for burial.
Not all travel emergencies are medical in nature. If you have to cancel your trip, trip cancellation insurance will reimburse your pre-paid expenses up to the plan limit. The reason you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.731291
Retrieved Text: Do you find rustic livingroom furniture. I recently made some updates of imageries to give you imagination, whether these images are cool photographs. We like them, maybe you were too. Redneck designers offers unique take furniture home cor, Although shop name conjures your grandmother living room its old result rustic careworn feel lends pieces uniquely southern character sets their furniture apart those other larger stores.
Navigate your pointer, and click the picture to see the large or full size image. If you think this is a useful collection you must click like/share button, maybe you can help other people can saw this too. Right here, you can see one of our rustic livingroom furniture collection, there are many picture that you can found, don’t forget to see them too.
In addition when selecting furniture to praise nation home decorating, light wood or wicker is urged. Country home decorating may be attention-grabbing and fun. Wallpaper boarders are additionally usually utilized in country home decorating. Country home decorating creates a relaxing and pleasant surroundings, meant to be heat and cozy. Country home decorating, due to its cosy environment, is loved by the individuals who live there in addition to all those that go to. As with all home decorating project, a homeowner must first resolve the place they want to use country home decorating. It is ok to use these additions however the rule of thumb is to make certain the patterns do not clash. Hooked, quilted and braided rugs make beautiful additions to a country ground. Considered one of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.696331
Retrieved Text: On this great occasion, I would like to share about cool shoe rack. Some days ago, we try to collected photos for your ideas, choose one or more of these very interesting images. Hopefully useful.
Okay, you can use them for inspiration. The information from each image that we get, including set of size and resolution. If you like these picture, you must click the picture to see the large or full size image. If you think this is a useful collection please click like/share button, maybe you can help more people can inspired too. Here there are, you can see one of our cool shoe rack collection, there are many picture that you can found, don’t forget to see them too.
As well as when selecting furnishings to praise country home decorating, gentle wooden or wicker is urged. Country home decorating will be attention-grabbing and fun. Wallpaper boarders are additionally typically utilized in country home decorating. Country home decorating creates a enjoyable and pleasant setting, meant to be warm and cozy. Country home decorating, because of its cosy atmosphere, is loved by the individuals who reside there in addition to all those who visit. As with any home decorating venture, a homeowner should first resolve the place they need to use nation home decorating. It is okay to use these additions however the rule of thumb is to make certain the patterns do not clash. Hooked, quilted and braided rugs make lovely additions to a country flooring. One among the most popular decorating themes today is country

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.660069
Retrieved Text: Have you ever considered packing your bags and moving to the country? Well in this edition of homify we have a look at 6 essential spaces that will make country living even more amazing. These gorgeous structures are stylish and elegant, creating the perfect setting for a lifestyle that is filled with love, peace and harmony, while also being beneficial to your health!
What better way to enjoy the countryside then by creating a comfortable space to relax and unwind enjoying the countryside and nature, then in the comfort of your own outdoor lodge. Think about the necessities that need to be included in this space… everything from a kitchenette to a bathroom?
Country living has so many perks, including a fantastic amount of fresh air and panoramic views. So why not have a terrace that creates the perfect setting in any area of your garden with this moveable terrace? Enjoy the sunshine or add the canopy for those days when you need a little shade.
If you’ve always wanted an outdoor space that can be enjoyed regardless of the season, then this structure is great for your country home. It’s an extension of the home and is great for any social occasion, make your garden and home the life of the party!
Growing your favourite goods and blooms year round is not possible without a gorgeous greenhouse such as this, there is no excuse to eat your favourite fruit and vegetables now, so go ahead and have a healthier family! But you may want to consult a professional contractor

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.646974
Retrieved Text: If your stint as an expat is coming to an end, there are several things to bear in mind.
Whilst leaving your home country to work abroad takes a lot of planning, it can still seem like an adventure, no matter how many times you do it. Planning for the move back home, however, may not seem as inspiring and can easily be overlooked. If you are going back home, there are certain things to take into account.
Retirement planning may be affected by the jurisdiction in which you are resident. If you are returning home, you may no longer receive certain expat tax advantages, for example. It’s important to consider whether you want to continue paying into your current retirement plan or make new arrangements in your home country.
Returning home could have implications for your investments and savings too - certain products are only available if you are resident of a certain country.
Of course, this may also affect your tax situation, as your income could come under a different regime. It is vital to consider in which jurisdiction you will be entitled to receive your salary or other income. Will you be obliged to be taxed in your home country? If not, which is the most preferential place to be paid?
Also, if you hold assets or have bought property as an expat, there will be tax implications either in the country where the property is owned or even your home country. Residency tests can be complicated and vary according to the jurisdiction.
If you’re opting for a private

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.640149
Retrieved Text: How long will you be Available to foster?
Are you capable of giving medication to a foster animal?
How many people live in your household? Please list the ages of the adults and children living in the home, or children who visit often.
Please note if any have special mobility issues, like unsteady on feet, use a walker/crutch/cane, in a wheelchair, etc.
How active would you like your foster(s) to be in general?
Where will your foster be kept during the day?
Where will your foster sleep at night?
What is your landlord/relatives name & Phone number?
How many pets do you own at the present time?
Include Name, Age, Breed, Spayed/Neutered, Length Owned, and where they are kept (Inside/Outside). Please DO NOT list animals you do not personally own.
What type of behavior are you UNABLE to tolerate or work with in a foster?
Are all your animals current on flea prevention? Heartworm prevention?
Please list the owners/account holders name the veterinary records will be under?
Has your home been exposed to Panleukopenia or Calicivirus in the last 5 years? If so, When?
Has your home or yard been exposed to ringworm in the last year? If so, When?
Please list any additional information you would like to share with us.
I realize filling out this form does not guarantee approval, The Hill Country SPCA reserves the right to refuse adoption and/or fostering to anyone. No animals will be sent home to prospective fosters who mislead or fail to provide accurate information on the foster care application. A home visit or fence inspection may also be required before approval. I agree

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.613147
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone has dreamed of moving abroad. Whether you have been on holiday and wished you never had to leave, or you have simply lived vicariously through the expats you read about or watch on TV, the idea of moving abroad can be an enticing one.
How often do you need and want to see your friends and family back home? If you are someone who would be miserable not seeing your family at least every other month, you should probably move to a country that is only a few hours away by plane rather than on the other side of the globe.
You need to consider how much money you can set aside for plane tickets, and how much time you are willing and able to take off from work to see your family. If you live on the other side of the world, but you want to see your family for a week every three months, that quickly amounts to 4 weeks of holiday in a year and a big chunk of money spent on plane tickets.
Also, consider the climate of your future home. Not all countries have both hot summers and cold winters, so it is important that you consider what kind of weather you would thrive in: if you hate having to wear shorts in summer and you have a love for skiing, consider Scandinavia as your future home. On the other hand, if you are someone who detests being cold and loves the beach, maybe aim for Southern Europe, like Spain or Portugal.
Do

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.590244
Retrieved Text: Am I Eligible for an Atlas Travel Insurance Plan?
If you are at least 14 days old and traveling internationally for at least 5 days, you are eligible for coverage. If you are under age 70, you may select the Overall Maximum Limit, ranging from $50,000 to $2,000,000. The Overall Maximum Limit for members age 70 to 79 is $250,000. Atlas Travel insurance offers coverage for applicants over 80 with a $10,000 policy maximum.
When Does My Atlas Travel Coverage Become Effective and When Does it End?
Atlas Travel will cover eligible medical expenses in the member’s home country for 90 days after the beginning of treatment so long as the related illness or injury is eligible under the certificate, began while the certificate was still in effect, and treatment began while the member was outside their home country.
For individuals with the U.S. as a home country, for every three month period during which the Member is covered hereunder, eligible medical expenses incurred in the U.S. are covered up to a maximum of 15 days.
For individuals with a home country other than the U.S., for every three month period during which the Member is covered hereunder, eligible medical expenses incurred in the Member’s home country are covered up to a maximum of 30 days. Any benefit accrued under a sin­gle 3-month period does not accumulate to another period. Failure of the Member to continue his or her international trip or the members returning to their home country for the sole purpose of obtaining treatment for an illness or injury

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.58573
Retrieved Text: Beverly Hills Movers | Cross Country Movers Group - C.C.M.G.
If you want to move from Beverly Hills, California to Seattle, Washington and you are looking for a dependable long distance moving company, you have come to the right place. Finding a long distance moving company which is professional and reliable may not be easy, and you need to choose the one which will satisfy your moving needs. Cross Country Movers Group has exactly what you are looking for, and we are ready and eager to transport your belongings to your new home. With us as your Beverly Hills movers, you’ve got nothing to worry about.
Residential relocation – If you want to move your house, Cross Country Movers Group can do it. Moving your home to another city is not easy at all since you need to take care of a lot of stuff, but it becomes much easier when you hire professionals.
Commercial move – If you believe that your business is going to develop once you move than you need to select commercial relocation. Cross Country MoversGroup is going to transport your office equipment, computers, furniture, and files safely and quickly to the city of your choice. We understand that you cannot afford to lose a lot of time when you are moving a company which is the reason we are going to try to be as quick as possible.
Storage space – What happens if your home is not ready? You cannot move in, but you cannot return your stuff, but luckily, Cross Country Movers Group

================



======= Instance Index 5045 =========
Input Text: Sometimes to have to prove you
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- cut grass
- go to town
- answer telephone call
- receive mail
- own home

Target Text: receive mail

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.738176
Retrieved Text: Absolutely nothing can be more bitter than people thinking you’re full of it when you know you’re right. And the feeling when you prove them wrong, well, can anything be sweeter than it? We have compiled a list of some of the most creative ways people proved that they were right, and it’ll prove that sometimes you have to work a bit hard to earn vindication. Right from a guy showing a police officer how sober he is to a contractor vouching for his cabinet’s sturdiness these people were quite brave to do whatever it takes to prove that they were right in the first place.
Read More: These Goofy Images Right From The Airport Will Make You Lol!
So let’s have a look at what it takes sometimes to prove that you’re right!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 15.229386
Retrieved Text: Well, it is just an allegation. You have to prove domestic violence. Sometimes individuals do indeed utilize on domestic violence as a tactic, but the question is, is it real? We speak in terms of the allegation. However, ultimately that allegation has to be litigated in the courts, and judges are not as apt to put in what you call a Final Restraining Order without proofs.
Someone has to be quite crafty to utilize that and to be successful in the utilization if you’re suspecting that your spouse is going to file some kind of false claim. Oftentimes that happens when mother and father are still in the same house during the course of the litigation. Although everyone doesn’t have the financial means to move away, sometimes it is advisable to take up residence someplace else.
Sometimes it is advisable to go around with a cell phone all the time recording things as they begin to unfold. I’d say protect yourself, but ultimately if an allegation is filed, that’s all that is – it is an allegation. But he or she can prove that allegation, so contact an attorney and stand up for your rights.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 15.070539
Retrieved Text: Do You Have Real Proof?
If you are currently involved in a separation or divorce, or are contemplating that course of action there are a lot of things to consider.
If you will be going to court and trying to get alimony, child support or be compensated for damages like pain and suffering, embarrassment, emotional stress, stress on the children, and heartache you need to be prepared properly.
Having the correct kind of proof to prove your case can be challenging. This is where a professional investigator comes in.
Someone who has been working with such cases for a long time and has experience in these matters.
Someone who knows how judges and lawyers think and can gather the proper evidence to prove the case.
Sometimes people use the “do it yourself approach” Sometimes this works, but often does not.
Talking to a professional investigator can go a long way toward helping your case.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 15.066148
Retrieved Text: It seemed like the end of the world when you were pulled over after having some drinks, then the handcuffs came, and you ended up in a jail cell. The arrest may have been quite different. You may have had just one drink but were under age. You may have in fact had nothing to drink, but took a legal prescription drug. There are many complexities to a DUI charge. Just because you fail a blood alcohol test (BAC) does not mean you are necessarily guilty. In fact, with some evidence, you can win in court. How? This guide shows you. The Basics of DUI Defense You need a lawyer no matter if you feel guilty or not. Too many simply take the charges, pleading guilty because of a few drinks. There is quite often much more to a DUI case than just having some drinks and driving. Yes, it is wrong to do so. Drinking and driving is very dangerous and that's why those who do so are penalized. However, there is more to the laws than clear guilty and not guilty verdicts. Proof Your Guilty The basic test states use is the breathalyzer test. Though sometimes inaccurate, it's the best on-site test for BAC that an officer has. It can generally prove your guilty. If you also fail a sobriety test  such as walking in a straight line or counting back numbers  it's less damaging. If you also fail a blood test, the most accurate of all BAC tests, you are likely

########
Rank: 4
Score: 15.0368395
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, no matter how good the concept, an idea may be deemed ‘too risky’ to ever see the light of day.
A flexible, outsourced solution can give such ideas the opportunity to prove themselves. We’ve helped national brands and SMEs trial new customer service initiatives that have gone on to transform their operational capability. Our experienced team will help you design your trial, roll it out and refine it. Prove your concept with a trusted customer service partner.
Why trial your initiative with us?
Test and perfect your solution on a smaller scale before rolling it out company-wide.
A short-term outsourced trial can help you prove your idea works – without the big internal overheads.
We have the people and systems in place to help you get started quickly.
Our clients have experienced positive unexpected outcomes. What will you learn?
Want to test an initiative with a proven, flexible outsourced partner?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 14.934055
Retrieved Text: Sometimes when you are alone you feel devastated, helpless or even hopeless. When we feel that no one else will ever appreciate you or what you have numerously tried to prove or do, it saddens you to the point of giving up. But don't you see, this is how life sometimes go. This is what makes us see the beauty of the other side of life, and even more, it is what makes us strong. And without which, we can never appreciate what we have. What we, after all, always have.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 14.904
Retrieved Text: There are three ways that the women of Mob Wives handle a rough situation. Sometimes with words, sometimes with fists, and sometimes just with a LOOK. Have you ever noticed the icy stares these women are capable of, which speak volumes more than any words ever could? We pulled together all the best stare-downs to prove our point. Take a look.
Mob Wives: New Blood premieres December 5 at 10PM ET/PT.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 14.6864605
Retrieved Text: It is commonly understood that if you want a thriving environment where creativity abounds, then it is vital that you allow the people around you to make mistakes. There is a famous story about King Edward the seventh. Once upon a time a foreign guest was dining at his table in the company of his courtiers and friends, the poor unfortunate guest mistakenly drank from a finger bowl, confusing it with a water glass. To save his guest any possible embarrassment the King immediately picked up his finger bowl and drank from it.
The question arising from this story is; if you were the King how would you have reacted? And, what culture surrounds you? Is it one of supportive correction when someone makes a mistake or is it one of finger pointing and ridicule? In many religions, the state of humility is an important requirement for its leaders and sometimes, only sometimes, I find it in business leaders too. The higher you go, the less you have to prove, the less you have to prove, the more space and time you have to listen and to help others.
So the next time you sit among newcomers in an event or group, be sure to welcome them, be attentive to their needs and concerns because if you want them to come back you will definitely need to make sure that innocent mistakes are rewarded with a subtle method of knowledge sharing, rather than laughter and humiliation.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 14.674422
Retrieved Text: In these tough economic times, more and more Americans are having difficulty making their monthly credit card payments. If you have been sued by a credit card debt collector for being delinquent on your payments, the attorneys at Littner, Deschler & Littner may be able to help. We will pursue an aggressive defense strategy that forces debt collectors to prove every element of their case against you. The law in this area can afford significant protection to the debtor, and credit card companies frequently prevail simply because the debtor is unaware of his or her legal rights. Accordingly, having an attorney with experience in handling debt collection cases can be a major asset to any debtor who has been sued.
Notably, the way in which debt collectors document credit transactions sometimes hinders their ability to collect debts in court. In today’s well-developed and complex credit markets, it is common for a bank to sell, or assign, a credit card account to another bank or to a collection agency. Often enough, a credit account will be assigned more than once. If the debt collector that sues the debtor is not the original creditor but is only an assignee of the credit account, the debt collector must be able to prove the existence of every assignment in order to establish that it has the right to collect on the debt. Debt collectors in credit card debt collection cases frequently have difficulty doing this. At Littner, Deschler & Littner, we will make every effort to compel the debt collector to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 14.666163
Retrieved Text: We can come up with many excuses for overworking. Sometimes we blame it on providing for our family. Other times we insist our work is so important that to slow down would be negligent.
But usually, it’s a values problem. We start valuing the wrong things. Specifically, we value the acquisition of stuff above all else.
That’s how this becomes a question of values. Do you want more stuff, or do you want less stress and more time with your family? The choice is yours.
When is enough, enough? You can win the rat race, but you’re still a rat!
Your work and your worth are two different things. Many of you grew up being told you’re worthless, and you’re out in the workplace trying to prove everyone wrong. In the back of your mind, you’re telling yourself, “I’m going to show them. I’m going to prove them wrong.” You work harder and harder, but no matter how hard you work, it’s never enough. Just about the time you start to relax, you hear a haunting voice telling you, “Keep pedaling. Somebody’s catching up!” You need to get rid of the voice. It’s feeding you a lie.
How have you seen overwork affect your family?
When you’ve struggled with overwork in your life, what have been the primary causes?
In what ways do you sometimes equate your work with your worth?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 14.551105
Retrieved Text: This should also be accompanied by general and independent reviews of their programs. Investigation Regardless of how detailed a safety program may be, sometimes, its performance will not meet standards or expectations. It can be as simple as workers not following the right procedures, or it as complicated as a staff having a fatal injury. When these incidents happen, you need to investigate them, not to find someone to blame but to determine what went wrong and prevent the same from occurring in the future.
Black and White Finally, if you have a working safety program, document it. This is the only way to prove that you are OSHA-compliant. In the same way, if your worksite has been OSHA-inspected and you have the papers to prove it, you can avoid a more in-depth audit.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 14.397022
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, embracing negative thinking can propel your writing forward. Here’s how.
You might have a good story idea, but have you thought about how you’ll prove your point?
У нашей организации популярный блог со статьями про ринопластика цена киев.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 14.3322115
Retrieved Text: I spent a little over a year working with Clickworker. This is for anyone who wondered if Clickworker was a scam and hopefully my proof of payments will prove that it’s not.
This is for anyone who wondered if Clickworker was a scam and hopefully my proof of payments will prove that it’s not. I spent a little over a year working with Clickworker (UHRS only). I tried to work a couple of hours each month or more to sustain decent payments from Clickworker. To receive a payment, you need to have at least $5.
Below are screenshots of all my invoices from working. As you can see, my payments started out small but when I got the hang of it, my payments started increasing. As I said earlier – I only worked a couple of hours each month. Sometimes more – sometimes less.
I put all my payments into a spreadsheet to add them up. Total comes out to $1,669.77 since I started. My 2015 form 1099 from Clickworker was $1,022.67.
Lastly, here is a screenshot of some of my PayPal payments received from Clickworker as further proof.
Check out my YouTube video of how to join Clickworker and exactly what you need to do in order to start earning an income.
If you have any questions about Clickworker, let me know and I’ll try to answer to the best of my knowledge.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 14.262832
Retrieved Text: Have you ever considered that maybe, humans might be getting more stupid? Sometimes people do things and you find yourself staring in absolute disbelief at the utter stupidity. I find myself having these moments almost daily. It’s hard to believe what’s happening to the human race.
These 13 signs will prove to you just how stupid we’re really getting. I am shocked.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 14.248901
Retrieved Text: Sometimes, figuring out something deterministically is hard. Sometimes, it's just plain impossible.
Let's say we have a model and we want to make sure that model is correct. The best way to do that is to mathematically prove that it is correct. This works well for simple model, but when you have insanely completed models it become a huge pain to try to prove it right. What can you do to validate it? We can use something called a Monte Carlo simulation. This is also known as statistical sampling.
Aggregate the results of the individual computations into the final result.
This is Python code by the way, but it should be simple enough even for non programmer. It's a function called is_even that takes an integer and returns true if the number modulo 2 is 0 and false otherwise.
And without any kind of mathematical proof we have validated the model. Though it's important to realize I haven't actually proved anything, I've simply shown that with a high probability (I'm too lazy here but we could actually find the confidence interval relatively easily) the model acts a certain way.
This example was, of course, way too trivial. But this kind of reasoning is very useful when a system has too many different components which makes it difficult to accurately predict, such as a traffic flow system (think about elevator planning for example).

########
Rank: 15
Score: 14.244702
Retrieved Text: If any of this sounds like you, you’re not alone. We all have a difficult time taking care of the self sometimes, but today, do what you can to stop trying to control others. Let others have their opinion. Shutty-shutty—and refuse to get your tongue or tail caught in fans you cannot control.
When you ‘shutty-shutty’ you are taking care of the self.
Let it be—let them be—you are enough and you have nothing to prove.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 14.210196
Retrieved Text: There are various legal grounds for divorce in different states. One of the grounds for divorce among all states is domestic violence. There are times you and your spouse might have heated arguments and sometimes these turn into physical altercations.
The penalties for a domestic violence conviction impact your life far after your divorce is complete. As such, getting a defense attorney from a Kent firm is essential if your spouse accuses you of domestic violence as the basis of your divorce.
There are several defenses the attorney might recommend for your case. The following are the most efficient ones to get you an acquittal.
It is common for an angry spouse to falsely accuse the other of violence to get them into trouble. Your attorney can recommend using a false accusation defense for your case if this is the situation. You should, however, prove that your accuser has some ill motivation to falsely accuse you for the defense to be efficient.
If somebody attacks you, it is only natural to defend yourself. In the face of domestic violence accusations, a self-defense strategy necessitates proof that your accuser struck you first. You should also reasonably prove that you believed you were in imminent threat and your actions were justifiable in the situation.
Most domestic violence cases rely on the accusers’ word, and it is hard to get direct proof of the violence. You can use the lack of evidence defense for your case to get the charges dismissed or sometimes reduced. This strategy is, however, generally used in conjunction with other

########
Rank: 17
Score: 14.209234
Retrieved Text: How do I prove that I have done a climb?
I'm planning to do Kokoda in coming months and am getting interested in the idea of mountaineering. I’ll start with a few what are probably fairly stupid questions. How does someone prove that they’ve actually done the summit they claim? I live in Australia and as an introduction to the sport I would like to climb Kosciusko and would like this to count toward the 7 summits – but how do I prove that I’ve done it!? I assume there must be some sort of official recognition of the climb required?
Re: How do I prove that I have done a climb?
- First of all: make pictures! Digital or slide or both. Video is great too.
- Make sure that the picture shows you, the summit marker and a typical view from the mountain. Take one to every side and do not just take a picture from below, showing your happy face against a blue sky background, those pictures could have been taken anywhere.
- Always get (email) adresses and names of witnesses: guides/witnesses/teammates, so they can testify and send you their images.
- register with any park services, try to get certificates when climbing with a commercial team etc.
- Do not leave anything on the summit, it thrashes nature. But do check for a summit book, sometimes hidden in a metal box or cannister, often a few meters away, and sign it clearly with date, time and your name.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 14.151423
Retrieved Text: We are a MW based guild. We sometimes play some other games for quests or just for fun. We do have requirements. We are a fast growing guild. We hope to be one of the best MW guild on the hypixel server.We may not have any prestiges but we have OP people that you don't want to mess with.
3. No hacking if you do we will report you and kick you.
6. Please no spam in the guild.
why do you want to join my guild?
Do you have any friend that is in our guild?
If you want to have a gvg against use invite me into a conservation.
For MW 10v10 and sometimes 15v15 SW is 5v5 on mega skywars.
We would love if all our guild members can show support and add BB or Burn before there name!
We are not forcing you but it would show great support to the guild!
BTW we are really active heres a screenshot to prove that!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 14.147129
Retrieved Text: I have been baking sourdough for a number of years mostly very successfully. In recent weeks during the hot weather I have had some disasters. I prove the dough overnight and that rises as normal but then I shape it the next morning to bake in the afternoon and this second rise has typically been very poor.. Sometimes if I turn it out to bake it collapses and I have a very flat loaf, other times it remains round but with very little rise. The last loaf turned out better on a cooler day today's is small again with higher temperatures. Any suggestions?
For the first fermentation: 45 minus the ambient room temp.
For the second dough: 39 minus the ambient room temp.
It seems to me you are over-proving hugely in the hot weather. My kitchen varies between 30C in summer and 15C winter. And that has a great impact on the proving times. If you have to prove overnight, perhaps leave the bread in the fridge?
In high temperatures, bulk ferment can be as little as two hours. Ditto for proving.
Second prove is sluggish because the dough has lost all its "oomph" during the previous phase.
Any oven spring? If not, probably over-proved.
OK, France can be hot in the South, but France is basically a lot more temperate than Australia.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 14.112193
Retrieved Text: Newly appointed West Ham manager David Moyes has insisted that he has a “point to prove” at his new club following a string of recent failed managerial stints.
David Moyes has been out of work since May, when stepping down as Sunderland boss after a disappointing one-season spell that ended in relegation to the Championship.
“It is good for West Ham, they are getting a good manager,” he told reporters at his first press conference as manager on Wednesday afternoon. “I do have a point to prove. Sometimes you have to repair things and I have a little bit to repair.
“It’s good for me, I’m back in and it’s what I love doing. I want to do well and want the team to do well. My ambition is short term. I have to win the games. I want the football to be entertaining. But I want to start defensively. We have to start there and get some clean sheets.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 14.043808
Retrieved Text: Do you have at least one Romanian ancestor and you want a passport that allow greater flexibility than your actual passport?
We recommend you to start with us the proceedings, which would give you the right to own the coveted European Union passport.
Why to have a proxy in Romania?
While there are professional services one can utilise, there are people who chose to go through the process themselves. However, at the end, they won’t repeat the experience when they will try to get Romanian passports for the rest of their family as it was difficult.
First of all, you need a lot of information from the Romanian authorities that is often not easy to get hold of. The Romanian authorities are very specific in what they want – if you get it wrong, they just reject your application quickly.
There is an application fee, as well as costs for translating documents into Romanian.
An agent will research the archives in Romanian to find the necessary documents.
There are no guarantees. Even if you have the right documents, the Romanian authorities could still reject the application.
Once you’re over the first hurdle of establishing citizenship, you have to prove your link to the individual concerned. If your grandfather’s name was David, for instance, and he was born in 1920, came to South Africa/Brazil/Israel/USA and didn’t take up citizenship, you have to prove how you are related to him.
If his name on his birth certificate is David and in South Africa/Brazil/Israel/USA it shows that his name was Jacov, you have to prove that Jacov and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 14.040082
Retrieved Text: The Difference Between Knowledge and Proof.
Ok, we can get a number of other people to testify that this color is indeed red.
Mass hysteria? Conspiracy? Prove to me this shirt is red.
So Wikipedia says this color is red.
My point is this. This color is red because we all know what red looks like. Why? Because that's what our families, and our teachers taught us. But ultimately this is red because someone, somewhere, initially decided that this color would be called red. Perhaps Adam. One man called this red, no one argued with him, so this is red. Same for blue, yellow, purple, and so on. We know this is red because this absolute knowledge that this is red had been passed down through time and taught to us as an absolute truth.
Sometimes when I talk to people about God, their first comment is prove it. Now, there are a lot of approaches to this line of thinking.
1. You prove to me that He doesn't exist.
2.​ God established this world based in faith. If I prove it to you, that completely negates the faith element.
3. Look around at the world around you. It took a superior mind and being to create all of this, in just the right combinations to support life in the middle of space. We are no accident.
4. There is documentation proof, archaeological proof, and eyewitness accounts of Christ's existence. That's enough to hold up in any court of law.
5. God doesn't have to prove anything to anyone. Prove why He should do this for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 14.015203
Retrieved Text: If you've been involved in an accident with a commercial truck, determining who was at fault is essential to getting the money that you deserve, if you were not to blame. Unfortunately, these cases can be tough to prove. Understanding some of the most common causes of truck driver accidents may help you to build your case, and it may also be a good idea to contact a truck accident lawyer. Here's a look at three of the most frequent causes of accidents by truck drivers and tips to help you prove them.
Driver fatigue is one of the most common causes of accidents for commercial truck drivers. Fatigue can cause drivers to not only be drowsy behind the wheel, but it can lead to inattentiveness, an inability to judge gaps in traffic and poor reaction time. While there are federal regulations in place limiting the number of hours that commercial truck drivers can be on the road without rest, violations do happen.
If you have any reason to suspect that driver fatigue may be to blame for your accident, talk with your attorney about obtaining copies of the driver's log book. Even if the log book has been written to show that the driver followed proper regulations, you may be able to prove otherwise if you retrace the driver's steps and talk with people where he or she claims to have rested.
You should also consider the timing between each of the destinations on the log to determine reasonability. For example, it wouldn't be possible for the driver

########
Rank: 24
Score: 14.007161
Retrieved Text: Elements of a Medical Malpractice Case | Robert W. Kerpsack Co.
If you have suffered an injury or illness because of the wrongdoing of a medical professional, you may be able to recover compensation for your losses through a medical malpractice claim. However, in order to be successful, you must be able to prove four important elements in your case. This process is often quite complex and expensive, requiring the help of an experienced Ohio malpractice attorney and the technical knowledge of a team of medical consultants.
Attorney Robert W. Kerpsack can review your potential case for free to help determine whether you should pursue a medical malpractice claim. Call us today at (614) 766-2000 to schedule your free consultation.
Duty – You must prove that the medical professional (the treating doctor, hospital, or other medical professional) owed you a duty of care. This is usually the easiest element to establish, since all you need to show is a doctor/patient relationship between the medical professional and you.
Breach of Duty – You must prove that the medical care you received fell below the requisite standard of care. Sometimes, this is easy to establish (e.g. if a surgeon left an instrument inside your body). However, most claims require extensive research and consultation with experienced medical professionals to determine the standard of care applicable to your case.
Injury and Damages – You must prove that you have suffered an injury or illness. Generally speaking, the injury or illness must be serious and permanent in order to justify the great expense of investigating and

########
Rank: 25
Score: 14.00534
Retrieved Text: Is your job making you sick? An NYC work illness attorney can help you prove your case and recover the workers compensation benefits you deserve.
When it comes to filing for workers compensation benefits, workplace illness cases can be a lot more complicated to prove than workplace injury cases. Accidents at work can easily be pointed to as the cause of an injury; they happen in an instant, and there could be witnesses to back up those kinds of claims.
Illnesses, however, can develop over time, sometimes over the course of many years. Proving that your sickness is a direct result of your employment can be tricky. Handling a case like this on your own is difficult at best because you likely don’t have the legal knowledge needed to prove your case to the insurance company.
To boost your chance of recovering compensation for your work illness, team up with an NYC work illness lawyer who knows all about New York’s workers compensation laws. We will be able to help you gather evidence to prove that your illness was not a pre-existing condition and that it was directly caused by your employment.
Anyone could contract an illness or disease at his or her place of employment. For example, if you work in an older building, and the walls contain dangerous mold or asbestos, you could develop mesothelioma or lung cancer as a result.
Which Kinds of Diseases and Illnesses Qualify for Benefits?
If you’ve been exposed to dangerous substances or conditions at your workplace and have developed a disease or health condition

########
Rank: 26
Score: 13.972455
Retrieved Text: I looked in her eyes, but there was so much. So many things that I couldn't comprehend one. They were beautiful. Not that her eyes were big and round. It had something to do with them being intense I think. I would look at her and I would wonder what was going in them. They say eyes are a way to the soul but what do you do when you see so much and yet know nothing? I would watch her from a far even secretly sometimes, for her to deliver me something. Her eyes had this shine. They looked so youthful and complete but sometimes I think they looked sad or scared. I could never tell the difference. I wanted to ask her. But I never had the courage. She always seemed composed but sometimes in the middle of a conversation you could see from her eyes, she looked lost.
Anyone could tell she was not the usual type. She seemed to have too many heartbreaks, actually she seemed the type whose trust was something she gave only to a specified people. It was not like I had to prove to be her worthy. No, I did not have to prove anything. It was something she might give me in the middle of the night just before she slept.I might never know she trusted me. And I might as well never know I broke it. Because that is how she was. Silent. She wouldn't let me know her soul completely, she might give me bits of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 13.932393
Retrieved Text: Voting in America is not easy. You first have to register. You have to find your polling place. In most states, you have to take time before, during, or after work to get to your polling place. You have to wait in line, sometimes for hours.
In some states, you even have to prove you are who you say you are.
And then, after all that, in the vote for president at least, if you don’t happen to vote for the candidate who happens to win in your state, your vote is worth nothing. It counts for nothing in selecting the next president — just because of where you happen to live.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 13.916386
Retrieved Text: “Ok, you tell me what can I do to prove my love for you”, asked an exasperated Sid.
Sid was tall, fair and handsome with a sweet boyish face. He was an engineer working with one of the best IT companies. His life was perfect until he met Varsha.
Varsha’s luscious hair, big eyes, cuteness and her oh-everything made Sid fall in love with her; but only after a year of friendship. They were colleagues but he knew that something would blossom between them.
But, Varsha was very practical. She also had a soft corner for him. But, she never let that develop into a serious relationship. She was not ready for a heartbreak. She was also not ready for any commitment. At 22years, she wanted to live her life in her terms. She enjoyed the freedom that big city offered and the money she made helped to meet her shopaholic urges.
“Come on Sid, we have discussed this two thousand times. I don’t love You are my friend”, she told him.
“But Varsha, ask something. Challenge my love and I will prove my worth. Ask anything. I can get you anything”, repeated Sid. He looked determined.
It was a Thursday morning and Varsha was in a foul mood. Her friend’s engagement was fixed on a short-notice, that Saturday and she didn’t have a ticket to travel to back to her hometown. She tried tatkal, but the site was not even opening.
On other days, she would tease back Sid and continue with her work. But, that morning she was feeling frustrated.
“Really? In

########
Rank: 29
Score: 13.909287
Retrieved Text: Sometimes you have to walk away from people, not because you don’t care, but because they don’t. When someone hurts you time and time again, accept the fact that they don’t care about you. It’s a tough pill to swallow, but it’s necessary medicine. Do not strive to impress them any further. Waste not another second of your time trying to prove something to them. Nothing needs to be proven. Do not act with any thought of them ever again.. !

================



======= Instance Index 7766 =========
Input Text: Where can a human go on Sunday?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- jail
- love
- restaurant
- church
- homes

Target Text: church

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.752295
Retrieved Text: “Empirical science recognizes two forms of testing, only one of which â€” weighing a pebble, say, or candling an egg â€” is considered non-destructive. It’s the other investigative process that causes irreparable changes to the object being examined. In human terms, this can be characterized as the how-will-you-know-if-you-don’t-try-it quandary. In the discipline of rock, the great what-if questions â€” like what happens to a fiery, idealistic young band that becomes unthinkably popular and still wants to respect itself in the morning â€” can only be answered by living through the experience and extracting whatever data and conclusions might emerge. If the career of U2 is seen as some sort of cosmic sociology project, the results are more confusing than illuminating, and the damage to the subjects is unmistakable. As pivotal collaborator Brian Eno might have observed in one of his oblique strategy sessions, the path between where you mean to go and where you ultimately wind up is rarely a straight line.
This live set comes from the period right before their MTV ascendancy with their legendary live version of “Sunday Bloody Sunday”.
I was delighted to see that Cowboys International recently “reissued” Original Sin as “Revistied”. It’s available on CD Baby.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.417194
Retrieved Text: We all know that the 21st of March is a public holiday, one of the few medium-rare chances we get to take a day off work mid-week. At Buyfresh.co.za, we’re looking forward to the 21st for another reason: we’re officially launching our new #BagAMeal initiative.
Human Rights Day is about celebrating what it means to be human and the many rights that should come with our shared humanity. At the forefront is the right to life and dignity. Unfortunately, this right is not possible without sufficient food to sustain us!
Helping South Africans eat better and live healthier is at the heart of what we do. So, this Human Rights Day, we’re launching a new initiative that allows us to use what we know best – delivering high quality, protein-packed meat, poultry and fish – to do our bit in addressing food insecurity. Knowing that 14 million South Africans go to bed hungry every night seems an impossible problem to try and solve. If we all aim to do our bit, and contribute where we can, we really can make a visible difference.
FoodForward SA (our partner for this initiative) have been taking on this inspiring job for over 10 years. Their mission to connect a world of excess with a world of need has established them as the largest food redistribution organisation in South Africa. With every order placed on our online store, a meal will be delivered to someone in need.
GET 10% OFF ALL ORDERS FOR THE REST OF THIS WEEK. USE THE CODE – BAGAMEAL –

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.328163
Retrieved Text: In the human make up, a woman has one less rib than a man.
On what side of Eden was the garden of Eden located?
Eve was not the only female created by God.
Civilization started in the south.
Why do we go to church on Sunday and not Saturday?
God rested on the seventh day, which was Sunday, and we honor the days of His creation.
What was Brother Branham doing all afternoon before the service?
Both the Christian Jews and the orthodox Jews worshipped on the same day.
What was the last thing that God created?
What is the apostolic way of receiving the Holy Ghost?
If you want to see what time of night it is, look at the clock. If you want to see what day you're living in, look where the _______ are.
The body we live in now is not our first created image.
What does Brother Branham call the Light that formed out of God?
Where did Cain and Abel make their sacrifice?
Our human bodies are made in the image of _____?
Did Jesus Christ ever speak in unknown tongues?
Who did the Mohammedans come from in the Bible?
Which of the following three things are not one, but agree as one?
When does the battle of Armageddon take place?
Here are the current quiz results for Questions And Answers On Genesis. Anyone taking the quiz after Friday, November 21, 2008 will not have their score posted.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.278803
Retrieved Text: Bush & Cheney Didn’t Have to Torture Anyone. These Six Heroes Said No.
Photo: Restraint chair used to force-feed hunger strikers at Guantánamo.
This piece first appeared on TomDispatch.com.
I was in church this Sunday, and we had a baptism. We got to the part of the liturgy where the congregation repeats — I’m paraphrasing here, but the essence is that we respect the dignity of every human being and seek peace and justice on earth. And when we spoke those words that morning, [although] there were a lot of people in that church… I could have been the only one there. I just felt this incredible, all right, there it is. You can’t come in here on Sunday, and as a Christian, subscribe to this belief [in the] dignity of every human being and say I will seek justice and peace on the earth, and continue to go with the prosecution using that kind of evidence. And at that point I knew what I had to do. I had to get off the fence.
No exceptional circumstances whatsoever, whether a state of war or a threat of war, internal political instability, or any other public emergency, may be invoked as a justification of torture.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.12104
Retrieved Text: Freedom Sunday is global action of prayer, worship and action on human trafficking. This day will be when faith communities join together to raise awareness of the crime human trafficking and show the world our compassion for men, women and children who are trafficked and exploited around the world.
From the 1st September 2016, go to www.freedomsundayglobal.org to download your new Freedom Sunday resource pack 2016.
On October 16th, get your faith community involved in Freedom Sunday and engage with us on social media: Twitter and Facebook. We want to know what you’re doing on Freedom Sunday, so share your stories and your photos with us.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.088123
Retrieved Text: An Easter Finger Puzzle: A fun way to teach children some key facts about the Last Supper, Good Friday, and Resurrection Sunday.
Leonard Cohen’s “Hallelujah” refers to biblical history, but is it a God-honoring song? Does it reflect or contradict biblical accounts?
There’s a remez (hidden meaning) tucked in the words of Psalm 22. How does this psalm reveal Jesus as a worm?
The Bible tells there will be a new Heaven. Why would heaven need to be remade since God’s dwelling place is perfect and without sin?
Anthropomorphism is the attribution of human characteristics, behaviors, emotions, or intentions to non-human entities (e.e. animals, objects, even cartoon characters). Read about anthropomorphism in the Bible.
Resources to Equip, Encourage, and Empower YOU!
Today could be the last day some spend on this earth. Where will they go? If they don’t know Jesus, they won’t go to Heaven. Prepare to tell others about the love of the Lord and HIs saving grace.
Watch videos that will inspire you, encourage you, and give you hope!
What Must I Do to be Saved? What If You Die Today?
What if you die today? Salvation can be yours. It is the gift of God given freely by the grace of God through faith. Trust in Jesus and have everlasting life.
You shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, soul and mind.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 15.785
Retrieved Text: As I’ve probably mentioned before I’m not much of a church goer but I feel it is very important for me to attend during Holy Week. Palm Sunday, Good Friday and Easter (Resurrection Sunday) have great significance for me. This was my first time attending Wayside Baptist Church and I did enjoy the service. I was brought up and raised in the Baptist Church so this is where I feel comfortable.
As some of my regular readers may know I’ve been having a very difficult time at work so all the more reason to attend church. I need some inspiration. Something uplifting. I need to be in a place where I’m accepted and consider a human being not just a warm body performing a variety of mindless tasks.
Church is a place where I have value and worth. Big difference from the job. At church I’m reminded that God has not forgotten me despite all my problems. The Sanctuary is where I can release my emotions. It is very common in the traditional Black Church to see people spontaneously cry, shout, dance and praise God. There is no shame. I did cry during the service because my life is so complicated. Jesus is there to comfort those of us who are broken.
One personal reflection and revelation is Matthew 6: 19-21 Reminding me that my treasure is not here on this earth nor is this earth my home. Heaven is my home and that is where I will be going when my time on this earth ends. My earthly

########
Rank: 7
Score: 15.757582
Retrieved Text: Polish up on your tactics and prepare for some Post Human W.A.R!
Post Human W.A.R, developed by Studio Chahut and published by Playdius, is a turn-based tactical and psychological strategy game. You are victorious once you find and defeat the opponent’s hidden champion. To do this, you cannot relay purely on randomness. Instead you will need strategy-oriented tactics filled with challenges, bluffs and absurd humor.
In Post Human W.A.R, feel free to go out on an adventure through solo campaigns, or face other players online!
Post Human W.A.R was just released on December 14th on Steam for $14.99USD. Head over to the Post Human W.A.R Steam game page right here. ***Note: Right now there is a 30% off sale! You can pick up the game for $10.49USD.
To spread some season cheers, we have a couple of Steam Keys for the full game of Post Human W.A.R, thanks to the wonderful Folks at Studio Chahut and Playdius. Two lucky winners will be chosen at random. This giveaway will run from Thursday, December 21st thru till Sunday, December 24th. The winners will be chosen and notified on Monday, December 25th.
To enter, go ahead and check out the Gleam Portal below.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 15.729461
Retrieved Text: The “red light district” is well-known as a place where trafficking thrives. We want to shine a “white” light on trafficking and make our community a safe place for everyone. White Light Gatherings will be a place for people to learn about the issue and be empowered to make a difference.
We can make a MUCH bigger impact when we all work together!
Will you consider being a host?
Hosts commit to inviting friends, family, coworkers or neighbors to a gathering. We’ll set you up with everything you need to make it as easy as possible to participate (information, films, books, donation options, etc), and if you'd like, we're happy to join your gathering to help educate the people you're with!
Email Jessica@purchased.org to learn more about hosting a White Light Gathering!
From January 14th - January 31st, Easter Conservation will be giving 11% of all sales made! Be sure to stop in a see Jean for all your framing and conservation needs. And see a real cute doggo while you're at it.
We all know and love Sun King brews, and what makes them even better?! They're super charitable! More details to come about how they're supporting us in January, but just know that you will be able to drink for a good cause!
On Sunday, January 20th, the Broad Ripple Books and Brews will be doing a book reading of "Think Fair Trade First" to kiddos to teach them all about the importance of buying ethically! Whether you bring your kids or just want to hang out with a book and

########
Rank: 9
Score: 15.696837
Retrieved Text: I cannot express how frustrating it is to live in a country where everything is closed on Sundays. I mean everything. Books, clothing, furniture, electronics, groceries: These are the things you will do without for fully 50% of your weekly non-working days.
The fact that florists and bakers are the only shops allowed to be open on Sundays somehow makes this even more insulting. It’s like the government is saying, We accept that human beings need items to live, including on Sundays. But we will only allow you to purchase supplies for government-approved weekend activities.
So if you want to read the newspaper, eat a croissant and fluff some tulips on a Sunday, the government will support you. If you want to fix your bike, get a prescription filled, buy furniture or make an actual meal, the government will thwart you.
So enjoy it, America. Next time you wake up on a Sunday, buy a loaf of bread and make toast, you’re tasting freedom.
Most smaller shops in Dunedin close at 4 on Saturdays, right when I’m ready to go shopping. The supermarket in our neighborhood closes at 8 pm on weekdays, right when I’m often ready to go buy groceries. I think part of why I stay at home more in NZ than I did in the US is that so many places simply aren’t open when I want to go there.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 15.692581
Retrieved Text: THE BASICS OF STREET PHOTOGRAPHY.
In my last blog post I talked about daily shooting and the benefits of doing such an activity. Granted as I mentioned in that post, not everyone can go out on a daily basis and go photograph all or part of a day. Or find a subject to photograph on a daily basis too.
Street Photography is simply photography that features subjects in candid situations within public places. It does not even need the presence of a street or even the urban environment. The subject of the photograph might be absent of people and can be an object or environment where the image projects a human characteristic.
Framing and timing are key components of street photography, for the aim is of creating images at a decisive or poignant moment. Simply put… You wait for the moment to happen in front of you. And it’s really not that hard or long a wait when you have people interaction happening all around you in a public area or space.
A perfect example of that is the following. Over this past weekend I had gone to the DUMBO Arts Festival located in Brooklyn, New York. It’s held every year by the Brooklyn waterfront between the Brooklyn and Manhattan Bridges of New York City. In a park known as Brooklyn Bridge Park and the surrounding neighborhood known as Vinegar Hill.
Dumbo is an acronym for District Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass. Nowadays it’s home to lots of local artist and small businesses giving the area a unique look with random

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.613276
Retrieved Text: Last week, on a rooftop in New York City, the band recorded an acoustic performance of 'Sunday Bloody Sunday' - and dedicated it to democracy in Iran.
The track is part of ONE's campaign to harness the power of protest songs to demand action against extreme poverty at the G8 summit.
Remember the amazing reaction to Sunday Bloody Sunday on the 360 tour? Every night it went out in support of the Green Movement that sprang from the 2009/10 Iran elections. The response from across the world - including in Iran - was phenomenal.
I am Farhad From Tehran and I would like thank you for your good deeds.
LOVE IT the Whole Agit8 thing!
This world must licent your words! You, U2, can show match more. Go on. We need you! Where are you? And your new songs? Let's go. We can wait anymore? God bless you.
Even better than the real thing. So very touching!
Still, after 30 years since my 1st U2 concert, this stirs my soul.
So pure and powerful. Wow. Wish they had recorded an entire acoustic album on that roof.
Very powerful and emotion provoking version. Thanks for sharing.
By keeping it this simple the power of it is overwhelming.
I'm so proud and honoured to be a U2 fan. It's a privilege. Thank you U2 for taking me higher!!
oh my God i couldn't be more proud of U2.. this song is so powerful! it has a major impact on people. :') i just hope they will never stop doing this kinda thing... no matter what happen! long live U2!!!!!
There is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.573555
Retrieved Text: Will my pet be with me in heaven? I'm really sad right now because my dog just died. We've had the same dog ever since I was a little kid, and I can't even imagine life without him. I asked my mom if I'd see him in heaven and she told me to go ask my Sunday school teacher. I asked my Sunday school teacher and he said no, heaven is for people, not animals. That really upset me. Do you think my Sunday school teacher is right?
We're so sorry to hear that your dog died. It sounds like he was an important part of your family for a very long time, and we understand how hard it is to think about life going on without him. It hurts a lot; and yet the hurting isn't all bad, because it shows that you have a lot of love and compassion in your heart.
Did you know that the Bible says that good people care about their pets? Proverbs 12:10 tells us this: "A righteous man regards the life of his animal." With this in mind, we believe the best thing you can do is turn to God in prayer and ask Him to comfort you whenever you miss your dog. He cares about everything that concerns you, and His love for you is greater than anything you can imagine.
We also realize that you're wondering if you will see your dog in heaven someday. This is a question people of all ages have asked, and it's a hard

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.4980955
Retrieved Text: Runners who were unable to enter the 2019 Comrades Marathon during the official entry period at the end of last year are in luck. There is still an opportunity to be part of The Ultimate Human Race on Sunday, 9 June 2019 through the Substitution Process. The 2019 Comrades Marathon Substitution Process officially opens this Friday.
Comrades Marathon runners who have been unable to attend the Bonitas Comrades roadshows can access and be part of the interactive online training seminars hosted by the Official Comrades Coach, Lindsey Parry, courtesy of Bonitas Medical Fund.
With 131 days to go to the 2019 Comrades Marathon, the Comrades Marathon Association (CMA) is aiming to get its 25,000 entrants race-ready for this year’s epic Up Run journey on Sunday, 9 June 2019.
Athletes from 80 countries have entered the 2019 edition of The Ultimate Human Race. Entries for #Comrades2019 were fully subscribed within a week of the entry process opening with the lion’s share of international entries coming from the United Kingdom, Zimbabwe, India, USA, Brazil and Australia.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.389073
Retrieved Text: A 33-year-old man of Kambolozo Compound in Luangwa district has been killed by an elephant.
The man identified as Richard Kapufi was killed last Sunday around 20 hours along the Luangwa D145 road near Chendeyende Village.
Luangwa District Commissioner (DC), Ngoni Moyo who confirmed the death of Richard to ZANIS described the incident as sad.
And four officers from the department of National Parks and Wildlife shot dead an elephant which was trying to attack and kill them.
The officers were on a search for the elephant which killed Richard Kapufi when the slain elephant became angry and started running towards them.
Meanwhile, the department has issued a directive to have the elephant which has killed Richard shot dead to prevent it from killing more people.
According to scientists who have studied the behavior of animals, an elephant that kills a human being becomes more violent and attacks any person it comes across.
Wooo even elephants are rioting where the PF’s holiness is? Why is HH not summoned to Luangwa?
WTF were these people doing there in the first place at night?
The elephant is NOT to blame.
The shooting of this animal is very sad.
In the bush, all hours are dangerous my friend. Unfortunately its the human who legally dishes out the licence to kill. The animal can be cropped and killed as and when the human decides, but should the animal return the favor, it needs to be killed.
It was just hunger so they concocted the story of how it charged at them and therefore they had to shoot it.
But we have been there

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.355606
Retrieved Text: Calling all uni students! Human Bowling is back for another year, baby! And we want to help you slide into more than just each others DMs.
For one night only, 10 lucky uni students will be breaking all the rules to throw themselves into the challenge. Literally.
Over an evening of free Red Bull, free pizza and free fun, competitors will go lane-to-lane for the chance to take out the $5,000 prize.
Plus, if you're one of the lucky Slip 'n' Slider's, you can bring 9 mates along! Cause that's how we roll.
Clear the diaries, it’s all happening at Strike Wintergarden on March 6th.
Keen to slide your way to 5K? Enter below!
Human Bowling is an action-packed event where competitors put on a suit then slip and slide down our bowling lanes to knock over the pins.
Selected competitors will draw a number out of the hat between 5-15 and slide themselves down the lanes with the aim to knock down that number of pins.
Scoring will be based on the difference between the number drawn, and the number of pins knocked down. The lower the score, the better.
After the first round, the top four competitors will then progress to the semi-finals. The two competitors with the lowest scores will then compete against each other to take home the $5,000!
Enter now for your chance to win $5,000 in the world's best human bowling competition!
Tell us in 50 words or less, what questionable situation you've managed to slide yourself into?
Winner must be available on 6th March 2019 at Strike Bowling - Wintergarden, Queensland

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.287863
Retrieved Text: Cemetery Sunday Devotions will begin this Sunday at 3.00pm with Evening Prayer for the Dead in the church followed by rosary and blessing of the graves in the cemetery. We thank all who have attended to their family plots in the past few weeks and we express our special thanks to Tony and Alan who look after the cemetery all the year around and have it looking so well at this time of the year.
Ratoath National Schools Parents' Association are holding a clothes collection fundraiser at the school on May 26th, 27th and 28th May. Please support by dropping off your bags of unwanted clothes, linens etc at 9am, 2pm or 3pm on any of these dates.
A coffee morning is being held in St. Pauls National School, Ratoath, on Friday 30th May from 9:00 to 12:00 in aid of The Laura Hickey Fund. Laura taught in St. Pauls for 4 years until 2010. She has been diagnosed with a rare form of cancer for the third time in four years. Funds are being raised so Laura can go to a world renowned cancer hospital in New York for a more expert opinion on her diagnosis, treatment plans and post treatment recovery programme. More details are available on www.thelaurahickeyfund.com.
65. Despite the tide of secularism which has swept our societies, in many countries – even those where Christians are a minority – the Catholic Church is considered a credible institution by public opinion, and trusted for her solidarity and concern for those in greatest need. Again and again, the Church has acted

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.271923
Retrieved Text: Father’s Day is just around the corner! If you’re still stuck on what to get your Dad this Sunday, I have a fabulous assortment of suggestions ready to go! Check out all my Father’s Day gift ideas above and be sure to shop them below. There is something for everyone!
Aren’t these items so perfect for the papa in your life? I really love the Cat Dad shirt! I’m already making something similar for the Husband to wear on Sunday since we have no human children yet. 🙂 Click on each link to go to directly to the item listed, or pop over to the original treasury on Etsy right here.
The Nebraska Wood Apparel Co.
Which of my Etsy picks do you like best for Father’s Day? What are your Sunday plans?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.263177
Retrieved Text: PETALING JAYA: Malaysia Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad has distanced himself from a proposed rally organised by the Human Rights Commission of Malaysia, or Suhakam, to be held on Sunday (Dec 9) in Petaling Jaya.
He said this was because the Pakatan Harapan government he leads has a different stand from Suhakam on the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICERD).
"I've decided that we will not accept ICERD. Suhakam wants to accept ICERD. So how can I go?" he told a press conference after chairing a Pakatan Harapan Presidential Council meeting on Saturday.
The rally, planned in conjunction with the 2018 International Human Rights Day, was originally scheduled to take place on Saturday, with Dr Mahathir as the special guest but was postponed to Sunday on the advice of the authorities.
An anti-ICERD rally was being held in the Malaysian capital on Saturday. Described by organisers as a "thanksgiving" gathering to celebrate the government's decision not to ratify ICERD, the rally saw thousands of UMNO and PAS supporters travel to Kuala Lumpur to lend their support to the cause.
ICERD is a United Nations Convention that condemns discrimination and calls upon states to pursue a policy of eliminating racial discrimination in all its forms.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.245799
Retrieved Text: What a wonderful Street Party it was, never mind the weather, Sunday was a great day. Our thanks must go out to Ali Philips who was the inspiration and driving force behind the whole event. To Suzette and Susan who represented the church at meetings and who worked so hard to make the day such a success. After costs, I think the party raised just over £2,600 for our appeal. However, the day was not just about the money, important as that is, it was also about building community and making connections with our neighbours, I think we can say it was a great success. So to our friends and neighbours, ‘thank you’ for your time, your commitment and your generosity. It means a great deal. Thanks also to Her Majesty the Queen, for who else could get so many people together in one place for such a celebration and the opportunity to form community bonds. Your Majesty, you have done a great work for this nation. Thank you.
Yet, amidst our joy and festivity, we mourn the tragic loss of life in Orlando. I know Rev’d Eileen will say more on this. What a waste, what a senseless and tragic waste of life. Sometimes it feels like the only way to make a point these days is by use of extreme violence, the AK47 has become the vehicle for expressing discontent. How do we liberate ourselves from this cycle of violence? Well, I think it’s precisely in events like the one we enjoyed last Sunday that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.233504
Retrieved Text: On a foggy sunday morning a few weeks back, we loaded up the whole family and took a tour of the new Canadian Museum for Human Rights. I had won the ticket lottery that was distributing free tickets, and since it was only an hour long we thought it would be ok to bring the babies with us. Also, my parents came along and I have to give a lot of credit to my dad, who carried Soren on his shoulders for most of the way.
The museum is absolutely breathtaking, and I cannot wait to explore the whole building. It's opening in it's entirety on november 11th - remembrance day. On our visit we toured through four of the eleven galleries. I can see ourselves coming here regularly as the kids get older, and are able to understand more about human rights. There are galleries dealing with indigenous peoples, the holocaust, and the definition of human rights. The backlit alabaster ramps are stunning.
Soren's favourite part was the line-up to get inside... he ran up and down like a maniac to the amusement of those in line. I can only imagine if adults had that type of energy at 8:30am on a sunday! Once inside he paid some attention to the tour guide, but had to stifle a yawn until he discovered the fun in pretending I had a mustache.
Poppy, on the other had, thoroughly enjoyed playing with an empty pez dispenser as we waited in line, and once inside promptly fell asleep. This is the only

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.226381
Retrieved Text: Faith isn't going to church on Sundays, it's a way of being, and of understanding ourselves and the world. As we say here, we're all works-in-progress, and we strive to continually become more human by exploring who Jesus is, what God is doing in the world through him, the life is all about, why any of this matters, and all those who-what-where-when-and-why questions. While Sunday worship is an important way to do all that, we also try to set time aside to do that together in other ways. As always, anyone and everyone is welcome at all our programs and events.
Kids are an important part of our community and we want to give them a time and place to explore who God is and that they are loved no matter what. For 3 Sundays per month, kids are invited to Kidz Zone as soon as they arrive at church starting at 10:15am (9:45am in July and August). For the other Sunday, they are invited to join the adults in worship for an All-Ages Service.
If your kids want to stay within worship, no worries (even when they cry and fuss!). There is a nursery in the back of the sanctuary where the kids nap, be nursed, or crawl around. There is also a Play Zone located just outside the Sanctuary with colouring books and toys.
We believe youth ministry is more than pizza parties and sleepovers, but about giving teens a safe and inclusive place to hang out, create friendships, have fun, talk about faith and life, and

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.221389
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for books, messages, music, and other resources, use the below sites to find relevant and helpful materials.
Browns Bridge :connections kiosk is located in the Rotunda. We are committed to providing quality media resources that promote the principles and values of Scripture. This includes CD and DVD series by Andy Stanley, audio CDs of the current message series, books, Bibles, small group studies, and music.
North Point Resources is committed to providing excellent resources for our customers around the world. Through our online store, we offer messages, books, and music, as well as numerous church resources. We strive to serve the needs of individuals and church leaders.
North Point Live is a LIVE broadcast of a North Point Ministries Sunday service that exists as an online tool to lead people into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ. Our goal is to provide the opportunity for you, your friends, and your family to stay connected and experience North Point regardless of where you might travel or live.
Sunday’s coming! Whether your church is big or small, Sunday is always coming. That's why we've packaged these resources, observations, and lessons learned along the way for church leaders like you. Within this website, you will find free resources, including budget templates, human resources documents, blog posts, and podcasts by our ministry leaders, as well as leader development tools. You can also register to take a tour of Browns Bridge.
Life is busy and we're all on the go, so listen to Andy's messages when it is most convenient to you.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.143729
Retrieved Text: no... Sunday is the beginning of the week!
umm... I don't know... it is the first day on the calendar?
I am not religious but I was always told that Sunday was the day of rest and that it was the seventh day of the week when God rested after creating the earth etc.
I go with argument that the weekend is Saturday and Sunday.
That is my own opinion though. I am.interested in why people think one or the other.
I don't know. I usually think of Friday and Saturday as the weekend because those are the 2 nights that you get to actually go out and have fun, whereas Sunday nights are usually no different than school nights.
OH and calendars usually start the weeks on Sunday, end on Saturday.
Very true that you can go out Friday and Saturday night. Over here we were taught Monday as the first day and I just presume it is to do with work and school starting on a Monday.
As the two days off of a week are usually Saturday and Sunday that is another reason why I always think of Sunday as being the end of the weekend. Usually calendars here start on a Monday too. I won't buy one that has Sunday as a start date.
Ah, so I guess it's just a matter of where you live then I guess.
Now I can see your point with that.
You were taught Sunday and I was Monday. It would drive me mad with a Sunday calendar. Maybe that is a tad bit of OCD there

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.107063
Retrieved Text: President Donald Trump is expected to make yet another pitch for his southern border wall, having failed to secure $5.7 billion in funding despite partially shutting down the government for five weeks.
►What exactly would the $5.7 billion buy? Trump once promised 1,000 miles of new wall. The $5.7 billion would pay for 215-234 miles of barrier, a mix of replacement and new construction. Customs and Border Protection, however, hasn't revealed where it would go and why.
►How long would it take to build? Construction could take a long time. Condemnation cases, where private property must be seized for existing wall construction projects, have been languishing in the courts for years.
►Would it accomplish what Trump promises? In a CBS News interview on Sunday, Trump repeated his claims that drugs, human trafficking and crime would be curtailed. But Customs and Border Protection offers no analysis of projected reductions in national crime and drug smuggling beyond anecdotes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.089997
Retrieved Text: Garage48 DiploHack Tallinn 2013 is half-way through and teams are intensively working to deliver results by tomorrow. Tomorrow evening five projects on human rights and internet freedom topics are going to be competing for the prize of 1000€ supported by Embassy of Netherlands at the Internet Freedom Conference held at Radisson BLU Hotel Tallinn.
Week-end has been already quite intense for the teams and still one night to go:) The idea of combining human rights and internet freedom topics with Garage48 week-end hackathon has proved itself. Tomorrow five projects will present their ideas at the conference before diplomats, human rights advocates and journalists.
The idea to organize an event like this came through Embassy of Netherlands from DiploHack London where diplomats and NGO-s gathered for a full day to tackle freedom of speech and sustainability issues. DiploHack Tallinn goes even further. Practical solutions are being developed from serious issues and for society welfare.
The privacy tool for Citizens to fight back the giants of the internet. 451 is a privacy tool to protect people to remove illegal data/pictures from the web.
Web-based platform that draws data from various open sources to reveals the conflicts of interest of state owned companies and foundations board members.
Internet Freedom Conference taking place on Sunday starting from 13:45 in Radisson BLU Hotel Tallinn.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.078854
Retrieved Text: Back by popular demand, Jules explores the different ways people find ecstasy in the modern west, from music to nature, from extreme sports to extremist politics. He asks how we can find the good stuff in ecstasy while avoiding the risks, particularly the risk of getting over-attached to life’s peak moments.
Humans have always sought ecstatic experiences – moments where they go beyond their ordinary self and feel connected to something greater than them. Such moments are fundamental to human flourishing, but they can also be dangerous.
Beginning around the Enlightenment, western intellectual culture has written off ecstasy as ignorance or delusion. But philosopher Jules Evans argues that this diminishes our reality and denies us the healing, connection and meaning that ecstasy can bring.
And if that’s not enough, we’ll be singing our hearts out, hearing stories from members of the community, drinking a vat of tea/coffee and eating a heck of a lot of biscuits afterwards too.
BSL interpretation will be provided.
We can’t wait to see you there and have fun celebrating life with you all!
Sunday Assembly London is free to attend and runs entirely on donations. Please support us if you can to keep it free for those who can’t.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.065282
Retrieved Text: I read a story recently about a performance artist in the 1970's who engaged in a controversial performance piece. She stood in a gallery, and the crowd gathered were given instructions to do whatever they wanted to her.
The artist (the crowd was told) would be completely silent and passive for six hours, no matter what.
At first, people did pretty benign things. But it turned sinister about midway through the performance. The performance artist ended up being assaulted, abused, stripped, sliced with a razor blade, forced to hold a gun to her head and a number of other humiliating and horrific things.
When the six hours was up, she began to move and speak to the crowd, and immediately they all fled the room out of guilt. She eventually collapsed, emotionally and physically exhausted, and in shock at how quickly people had turned to darkness.
The story of that performance artist made me reflect on Jesus' passion, and it also made me realize anew how quickly human beings can turn ugly. Jesus was hailed by the crowd on Palm Sunday, a crowd caught up in the moment and expecting a savior.
But when it became clear that Jesus was not going to provide them with the restoration they had in mind, they turned on him. Undoubtedly, many of the same people who hailed his arrival into Jerusalem, were also present screaming "Crucify Him!" later that same week.
In the end, everyone abandoned him, and he was left alone to face all the violence, hatred and evil the world could muster.
No to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.015408
Retrieved Text: Join us for our first annual Winter Wellness Day - all day Sunday 12/23. We’ve created a magical community event of donation-based yoga, meditation, workshops, spa treatments, massage, skin care, a sacred drum circle, healing sound bath and yummy holiday treats!!
End our Winter Wellness journey through a deepened sound meditation and allow for a vibrational healing experience through sound therapy. A Sound Bath is a deeply relaxing, meditative experience which can take you on a journey of deep relaxation, healing and self discovery!
Join us for our first annual Winter Wellness Day - all day Sunday 12/23. We’ve created a magical community event of donation-based yoga, meditation, workshops, spa treatments, massage, skin care, a sacred drum circle, healing sound bath, and yummy holiday treats!!
Our 90 min Guided Visualization coarse includes Meditation, Integrative Coaching, and Karmic Astrology readings. Honoring 2018 with a deeper understanding as we embrace the present moment with gratitude, and ignite the New Year with core inspirations to plant new seeds and visions.
The intention of the Holistic Drum Circle is to provide a healthy environment where individuals within a group context can celebrate and express the full range of the human experience, and in the process connect with their own creativity, passion, and ultimately personal healing. Drumming and Health’s philosophy is one of inclusiveness, inviting people of all ages and backgrounds on a personal exploration through rhythm.
This workshop will guide and teach you to release stuck energies in the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual realms. Clear your energy, open to a strong flow of source

########
Rank: 29
Score: 14.998221
Retrieved Text: This coming Wednesday, I will go to a service where ashes will be marked into the symbol of the cross on my forehead. After this service, I will go to restaurants, the grocery store, the coffee shop, the drive-thru line and various other places and watch as people stare at me awkwardly, wondering what is smudged on my face. I must admit, I get a little self-conscious and uncomfortable on this day. There is dirt on my forehead, and it’s clear to others around me. More so than most other days of the year, a sign of my Christian beliefs are on the outside – exposed, imperfect and obvious.
This service that we will have on Wednesday is called Ash Wednesday. Ash Wednesday derives its name from the practice of blessing ashes made from palm branches blessed on the previous year's Palm Sunday, and placing them on the heads of participants to the accompaniment of the words "repent, and believe in the Gospel" or "remember that you are dust, and to dust you shall return." Ash Wednesday marks the first day of the season in the church called Lent - the 40 days leading up to Easter.
It’s during this time that we remember Jesus going into the wilderness for 40 days and fasting. Jesus was in a barren and dry place that is not too different than the current winter season of our area, when the trees are barren and the air is dry and cold. What I love about this season is that it calls me

================



======= Instance Index 9462 =========
Input Text: Why do you create art?
Choose the most suitable option to answer the above question.
Options:
- creative
- express yourself
- inspires
- feeling of accomplishment
- have fun

Target Text: express yourself

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 16.752663
Retrieved Text: We don't do enough to make a big deal of new pieces we create. Especially the poorer the artist. We labor hard at a piece of art and we are proud of it. And what occurs when we finish? Deflation. We are playing to an empty room.
In a way its almost like we are too timid to make a big deal out of something we make. We may post a photo of it and we may make some cursory mention of its completion, but do we really go out of our way to celebrate something we've finished?
But how do we even do this? We've not been taught any method for promoting and celebrating a single piece of art.
I like to think of it in terms of a baby being born. We make a big deal about a new child even though there were 900 thousand others born the same day. Are that many pieces of art born each day? If we stick a cigar in everyone's mouth and hand out "welcome to the world" cards for that yowling mass of humanity? Why don't we do the same for something not born of body but born of spirit and idea?
Is it any less difficult to give birth to a great piece of art?
"Oh my god Grey, you just compared little Egbert and his twin sister to some paint on a canvas!" But think about it. Is it any less trying to create art? I don't mean the kind of art where it took you a day to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 16.66798
Retrieved Text: And still I seek an answer.
There have been many folks on web sites, blogs, or Facebook pages that display artwork along with personal photos, including myself. I studied art at the University of Kansas, and have used art to progress various business concepts--usually to fuel ideas in marketing for places I've worked, and also in the field of training and development. I enjoy drawing and painting the human figure, landscapes, and fantasy images.
My interests in art and creating art force me to realize that these are fascinating times for a visual artist to be alive. The advent of the Internet is the greatest gift to artists since the invention of printing. Before that moment, an artist's work could only be viewed personally. There was no forum for mass production of a single work. An artist lucky enough to be compensated for their work typically was hired by the wealthy, and their work was viewed by whoever the owner wanted or allowed to see it. The introduction of printing changed all that, allowing art that was once only appreciated by the wealthy to be enjoyed by everyone.
The Internet has had the same effect. Now artwork can be viewed worldwide, limited only be the number of people who visit a particular site. Artwork can be sold online also, allowing creators to benefit financially without having to sell their souls to a printer, publisher, or gallery owner. Now the artist can sell their work her/himself. Never before in history has it been so possible for people to enjoy another

########
Rank: 2
Score: 16.56149
Retrieved Text: ART THERAPY REFLECTIONS: Is It Art Therapy If My Client Does Not Do Art?
Is It Art Therapy If My Client Does Not Do Art?
When I first started practicing as an Art Therapist, I felt it was my job to get all my clients interested in creating art as part of their therapeutic process. I knew so many great exercises, processes and techniques, I thought that if I just learned the right way to introduce them, then my clients would engage with them. Turns out some people do and some people don’t. I have always had some clients who don’t paint, do clay, move or want to use the sandtray tables. Some clients want to talk. That doesn’t mean that they are not creative types. They dance, sing, paint and do drama and some don’t, but when they are here, they want to talk. They want to discuss their life with someone who understands their creative process and their way of being in the world. When they leave they might paint about our session or write a poem, but when they are here they sit and talk. The Art Therapist in me struggles with this sometimes. I feel that ‘just talking’ is not enough. We can do Focusing, EMDR. meditation, or create, why talk? Then I step back and remember that sharing our stories, talking and processing with words is another creative process.
Mindfully reflecting, reframing, finding new meanings, reviewing patterns and understanding the words that we live by is a very creative act. The words that we

########
Rank: 3
Score: 16.497557
Retrieved Text: Oscar nail art is a good way to welcome one of the best award of the year. If you want to enjoy the red carpet hype, then wearing oscar nail art is the best way to do it. I know that there are lot of different kind of interpretation for Oscar nail art. You are free to use any kind of design that you like. But if you interested in simple but cute nail design, it suggest you to read my tutorial of Oscar nail art.
So, are you all set to learn about the Oscar nail art? very good then. Just like other nail art, you need to prepare your nail first. Use the nail file to clean cuticles and bring your nails into your original shape. If you want to create a fine smooth nail surface, you can use the nail grit board. All of these preparation steps are very important to create a fine Oscar nail art.
Now, you need to grab red nail polish. This will be the base of the oscar nail art. Make red strip on your nails Use the small tiny brush to make a precise and thin lines. Make sure that you make some nice space between the lines, especially on your thumbnail. Wait unit it is dry and you can continue paint the oscar award on the nails. Use the gold polish to do this. I know that it is very hard to create detailed looks, so that is why i am asking you not to work on it

########
Rank: 4
Score: 16.47109
Retrieved Text: Why do you create? Appreciating and creating Art is one of the things that makes me human. I Love this ability to see a wide spectrum of color and details, we are made to enjoy beauty, which leads to the desire to create more of it.
How do you work? The art, instiration happens to me several times a day, but I only do my work in my studio, in my calm area.
I am an expressionist figurative artist, I love to mix with different materials and techniques.
Besides creating, where else do you spend your time? In my free time, I practice yoga and I do long walks through nature with my Dalmatian.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 16.443905
Retrieved Text: In what way you are associated with art/science/literature?
All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness.
Why do you want to join Sci-Art lab?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 16.226826
Retrieved Text: AntonI and 30 Guests are viewing this board.
How You Keep Them Down On the Farm?
Pope declares himself "Physically immortal"
ETERNAL AND NON-ETERNAL ART or WHY DO WE CREATE?
Patriarch Alexei's Alleged KGB Past?
Do you go to this church?
The Freaks are at it again!
How to understand the bible and others books wrote by holy men of God.
Does art lead to selfishness?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 16.223917
Retrieved Text: For every crafter or artist finding the best material for their new art piece is one of the most important steps in creating an amazing art. Some take time to study a material while others just let their creative juices flow while discovering along the way the pros and cons of that material.
The characteristic of the raw material is often the best reason why they choose it and sometimes artists also consider the availability and price of the materials that they choose to create art with. And one of the most affordable and easy to acquire materials is, felt. Buy cheap felt in bulk below.
For years now, felt is one of the best raw material that crafters consider or choose. It offers a lot of good feedback and considered one of the most versatile materials in the world of art.
To help you decide whether felt it is the perfect material for your next crafting project, we’ve listed 5 reasons why felt crafts are the material that you should be using. And if you’re finding the best art material for an event that you’ll be hosting, felt craft examples are also included to help you!
For crafters, especially the new ones, finding a cheap and affordable material to use is a blessing. That is why felt crafts are one of the most popular craft for newbies and DIY-er because of its availability and price.
During family event and arts and craft tutorials, felt craft is the perfect idea that one can teach even for those who don’t have the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 16.159975
Retrieved Text: Fun time to explore trees, grass, birds and the sun.
We will complete a multi-media artwork inspired by leaves and trees & sky.
A look at Modern Artists such as Paul Klee & Wassily Kandinsky inspired by nature and the landscape.
Journey through the beauty and perfection of God's creation while using your own creative talents in art, poetry, prayer, and movement. At the end of the week you will take with you your own handmade "Creation Story" book based on Genesis 1 in the Bible.
Children will enjoy classes filled with nature hunts, songs, games, crafts, and literature. From the "Morning Stretch" and "Story Time" to "Art Hour" and "Poem Power," participants will sing, create, and run and play their way through summer mornings designed to entertain as well as cultivate a love of the natural world -- and the literature that celebrates it!
Skills explored: reading fluency, comprehension and analysis, forms of poetry, and creative writing.
Students will learn poetic forms, be exposed to classic and modern poets and authors, and create a piece of art which will be the inspiration for their own work of poetry!
This will be a class focused on learning history through the women that lived it. We will use music, art, primary sources, and historical events to explore history through the eyes of women in the world. We will delve into why certain eras, events, and people become history. We will also explore the roles women have played in the world, and why their lives were the way they were. For example, we will look

########
Rank: 9
Score: 16.031199
Retrieved Text: “Art is not what you see, but what you make others see,” Edgar Degas says. This saying sums up beautifully what I believe about art. Those who create art know the kind of enriching experience it provides. Art changes a person, and that’s the change I experienced when I chanced upon a graphic designing project for an assignment in school.
Making diagrams was never fun, but when I realized I could do it more efficiently on a computer than by hand, I jumped at the idea. This was definitely simpler, and in the process, I realized I could do so much more with a piece of simple software. I could create so much more. So much did my passion for “playing with the software” increase that I started using it to create many unique graphics. This led to me designing a wedding invitation for my sister's wedding, which surprisingly, the entire family liked and approved. Since then, I’ve been taking up several projects where I create traditional, eclectic and contemporary invitations for various occasions. This simple process gives me much pleasure. The experience of creating something special for someone whom it means so much to is exhilarating.
This is why I wish to improve my skills as a graphic designer. I’m confident that my basic knowledge of the art will serve as a solid foundation for my career in this field. My style is simple; I find beauty in simplicity and like to maintain it so. I believe that the less there is to focus on, the easier

########
Rank: 10
Score: 16.004469
Retrieved Text: What is the story behind what your eyes are seeing?
Participants are encouraged to carry out their own self-experiments in writing, inspired by the art on display, as well as readings ranging from experimental essays to feminist science scholarship.
When watching people in a crowd, an activity that I enjoy is to create a story about their lives, what do they do, why are they here, what are the talking about, it makes a memory that connects me to the place and time. I do the same when viewing a piece of history or art. While I enjoy hearing, reading about or learning more from information provided but I also love to create stories and have conversation with those around me.
What was the artist thinking? What is happening in the artwork? Who are the people and what is their story?
The Tate is offering a learning opportunity to challenge visitors. How do you, as an individual, engage with art or how do you, as a institution, assist your visitors?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 15.993464
Retrieved Text: Nashville is commonly known for its rich musical history, but did you know Nashville loves fine art too? The Cheekwood Estate & Gardens is one unique example, while the Parthenon and Frist Art Museum are also focal points of Nashville's rapidly-growing art scene. Nashville is also the home of many private art collectors. That’s why Displays works hard to provide fine art services to the art lovers of Nashville. Whether you need your fine art transported across the country or installed at a new gallery, Displays is here to help you.
Nashville is commonly known for it’s rich musical history, but did you know there is a deep love of fine art in Nashville too? There is! One place to view beautiful art is the Cheekwood Estate & Gardens. Nashville is also the home of many private art collectors. That’s why Displays works hard to provide fine art services to the art lovers of Nashville. Whether you need your fine art transported across the country or installed at a new gallery, Displays has the people to help you.
Looking to move a large art collection? Maybe you only have a few pieces. Regardless of size or value, Displays Fine Art Services has the fine art transportation you need -- from private line haul shipping to a coast to coast shuttle. Your art will only be moved by professional art handlers. Every truck is driven by an experienced professional.
Have a set of crates built to the specifications of your masterpieces. If you prefer, we have a few standard crate

########
Rank: 12
Score: 15.9807825
Retrieved Text: Thread: Does anyeone know who drew this?
I asked soemoen at Venice beach to create a graphic for me and the next day he gave me this graphic, I do not believe he drew it, does soemone know the real owner?
Why don't you believe he drew it?
Well, if you asked the guy for a piece of art, you obviously thought he was good, so why do you think, when he hands you that, do you not believe it is his?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 15.967631
Retrieved Text: ArtMoi is an initiative to simplify the process of documenting art.
The vision of ArtMoi spurred from the observation that we can track the movement of goods around the world, but visual artists have very limited abilities to protect their creations or have real influence on how their artwork is used once it leaves their hands. This is a major issue for an industry that relies so heavily on a product’s provenance.
ArtMoi is a creation registry platform which can track a work of art or any collectible object over its lifetime. Our goal is to become an ISBN-type system for visual arts and high valued collectibles. Every piece of art that gets uploaded into ArtMoi is assigned a globally unique ID number so that all of the information surrounding a single work of art can be tracked over time. With this we are working to create a new industry standard that is controlled by artists for the long term provenance tracking of art.
As a cloud-based platform, ArtMoi provides professional artists, collectors, and galleries with all of the tools needed to catalogue, organize, track, and share provenance based information in one place. ArtMoi is a pay what you can service which is supported in part by our patrons via the membership platform Patreon. As an ArtMoi user, you get to decide the value you find in ArtMoi's tools and can do so at a level in which you can afford. Learn more about our pay what you can pricing model.
The ArtMoi platform provides a foundation for the adoption

########
Rank: 14
Score: 15.951115
Retrieved Text: If your into black and white architecture fine art or anything related, you probably know that many of this kind of photography show some cloud in high motion in the picture. This is one of the feature that usually showed in architecture fine art or some landscape photography. And many people think that it hard to make it. But that’s not true.
One way to created it is by using ND filter and a long shutter speed. And another is by using Photoshop. For now I’m just gonna show you this 5 simple step to create long exposure cloud in photoshop.
Before we begin, let me say that this tutorial is just gonna show you how to create the cloud. But not the architecture fine art itself. Maybe I’ll make it later.
First step is to create a new layer.
If you just start the photoshop, click file->New or by press ctrl+N (windows) or command+N (mac). And set your file setting.
Or if you already open your photo file just simply create a new layer by clicking the blank page icon lower left corner of the photoshop (next to the the delete icon).
Well…I never see a black cloud in architecture fine art (If you saw it, I love to see it), that’s why it usually white cloud on dark background. And to this you can simply do it by pressing pressing the ctrl+I (windows) or command+I (mac).
You can make a new layer (which is what I usually do) or you can do it in your current layer. Use the brush tool

########
Rank: 15
Score: 15.910286
Retrieved Text: A knowledge of colour is essential for beautiful art, but colour can be confusing. How do you choose and mix paints? Why do some paintings look muddy? How do you avoid that?
In this one day workshop Jodi will guide you through the limited palette technique which will increase your confidence in colour and enable you to create wonderful works of art in any medium such as watercolour, acrylic, and oils.
Jodi very happily shares her wealth of knowledge, having a vast experience as a professional artist and having been formally trained at the National Art School, Sydney.
All materials are included, but you may wish to bring along a notepad and pen.
Email info@kiamaartworkshops.com.au or call Rhonda on 0438359595 to book.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 15.875016
Retrieved Text: Celebrate life: turn the symbols of love and strength in your life into beautiful wall art.
They bring us unconditional love and true joy. Celebrate your best friend's life with a beautiful custom portrait.
Your family is your "why" - why life is to be cherished and celebrated - through beautiful quality wall art!
Create a stunning conceptual portrait to celebrate YOU!
Brand-centric imagery for small and large businesses.
Get my top 3 tips on how to take better pictures of your pet!
Sign up with your email address to receive occasional news and exclusive specials from Radina Photography, and get my top 3 tips for better pet pictures!
Our animals are our family. They bring us unconditional love and provide a safe space for us to just be. Let me come into your home and document those special moments, so you may treasure them forever.
I offer special rates for end of life sessions.
A custom gallery wall display of Oxley, featuring a 30" canvas.
A truly one-of-a-kind piece of art - the encaustic, made using beeswax.
Heirloom portrait boxes - mounted and matted options.
A luxury lay-flat album tells your story.
Life gets busy and stressful. Remind yourself why you do it all - proudly display your people (and pets!) on the wall, and create story-telling heirloom image collections to be passed down for generations.
I love working with individual families, newborns, toddlers, grandparents and everyone in between! Special occasions such as a big anniversary can create the perfect opportunity for an extended family portrait and makes a wonderful gift!
Are you ready to learn more about the process?
Mental

########
Rank: 17
Score: 15.84888
Retrieved Text: Do you know the scope of Graphics Designer career in today’s digital world?
What comes to your mind when you hear about graphics designing? Logo designing or corporate designing? But know that graphics designing is way beyond just these two sectors. Graphic designing is a very wide field with hundreds of sub sections. Graphic designers create visual images and graphics for different companies, firms, brands and projects. Graphic … More Do you know the scope of Graphics Designer career in today’s digital world?
Leave a comment Do you know the scope of Graphics Designer career in today’s digital world?
Why you should choose Hi-Tech Animation for graphics designing course?
What is graphics designing? From the complicated symbol of bands to simple logos of IT companies, graphic designers create everything. Graphic designing is a visual art of communication. With the help of various tools, designers create posters, advertisements, banners, logos, campaigns etc. in the digital world where designing is literally everything. We communicate via these … More Why you should choose Hi-Tech Animation for graphics designing course?
Leave a comment Why you should choose Hi-Tech Animation for graphics designing course?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 15.830316
Retrieved Text: Credit Line: Vivian Beer, Current, 2004, steel and auto paint, H. 32 x W. 16 x D. 23 inches, Courtesy of the Thomas H. & Diane DeMell Jacobsen Ph.D Foundation. Photo by David Ramsey.
Can a chair be a work of art? Of course it can! A chair is a type of sculpture that can also have a function. Some of them can be decorative as well. Find the chair, Current, by Vivian Beer, shown in the exhibition, The Art of Seating.
How would you describe its shape or form? Its colors?
What is the material being used to create this work?
If you could, would you want to sit in this chair? Why or why not?
Does it remind you of anything familiar?
What kind of person do you think would use this chair?
How do you feel when you look at this chair?
If you could give a new title to this work, what would it be?
Now find another chair in the galleries to compare with Current.
What is the name of the artist and the title?
What are the similarities between the two chairs?
If you were able to sit in one of these chairs, which one would you chose and why?
If you could have one of these chairs in your home, which one would you chose and why?
or do a brief sketch of it. Write down the title and artist. Why do you like this work?
You can also download a copy of this gallery activity here.
To learn more about the exhibition, The Art of Seating, visit our website.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 15.817622
Retrieved Text: A behind the scenes look into my art. My studio. The heart behind what I do. i invite you to join me and know my passion. Why I create jewelry for you.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 15.816602
Retrieved Text: One of the most popular stencils in art journaling is punchinella, or sequin waste, which is essentially a bunch of circles, usually. Create your own punchinella by cutting out a ton of circles on your Cricut or by using a handheld hole punch in either foam or acetate. Circles are simple basic shapes that can help define an awesome art journal page and juxtapose the straight lines of the actual paper. Use circles to your advantage.
Here’s the fifth installment of my ABC’s of art journaling! Hope you enjoy!
So, how often every day do you grab for your cell phone, tablet, computer mouse, or other electronics device? You probably grab for at least one of these things multiple times each and every day. So often, technology becomes an encumbrance in our lives, but it doesn’t have to be. I have an Android cell phone and Android tablet and usually use them to surf the internet, watch YouTube, check out Pinterest, and of course post on WordPress!
I’ve recently re-discovered an app I used to have on my original iPhone when my son was only weeks old…Evernote. If you haven’t used it yet, you MUST! I find myself constantly thinking of new things to try and new things to post on my blog or try in a YouTube video, but I forget about it by the time I head back to my craft room. Now, with Evernote, I can add a note on my tablet and it will be on my phone when I need it!
Just so you know,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 15.778171
Retrieved Text: Every artist returns to things. The drawings that you make as a child or as an adolescent and the ideas that you have as a young beginning artist, no doubt they crop up again and again.
First be a magnificent artist and then you can do whatever, but the art must be first.
There is no reason not to consider the world as one gigantic painting.
When we come to creative art, to the living word of a man delivering a message to his own time, it is clear that any attempt to alter this later on is simply fraud and forgery.
The scientist needs an artistically creative imagination.
Painting and writing are solitary arts.
To create is divine, to reproduce is human.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn’t say any other way - things I had no words for.
To me art is an adventure into an unknown world, which can be explored only by those willing to take the risk.
The world today doesn’t make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
The excellence of every Art is its intensity.
The difference between life and art is art is more bearable.
Art is the only way to ascend to God, doing what our divine Master did, create.
Imagine the world the world you wish to exist, first. Do not be afraid to build it from scratch.
Art has always been the raft onto which we climb to save our sanity. I don’t see a different purpose for it now.
Art is infinite. It has no beginning and no end.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 15.751724
Retrieved Text: Why is Making Art from Natural Materials Grounding?
Nature is evocative, intoxicating, invigorating, fascinating. Experiencing the varied textures, scents, colors, and sounds of natural materials helps us to slow down our bodies, minds, and breathing. We zone into the current moment. We leave behind the assaults of a busy mind, and are “grounded” to the earth.
How Do I Use Art from Nature as a Grounding Tool in a Purposeful Way?
There are probably hundreds of ways to do this, so please let us know what works for you in the comments! I’d like to share the way I like to do it, and what works for many of my art therapy clients too.
1. Take a nature walk. Even if you live in the city- there are small and large green spaces lurking…look closely.
2. Pick up items that catch your eye, even if you aren’t sure why they attracted you. Even if you initially judge them as ugly, let them “choose you” instead of you choosing them.
Need ideas of what to choose? Pick up: smooth stones, sticks, beautiful or large leaves, seeds, pods, flower petals, shells, acorns, pinecones, or anything else that strikes your fancy. There really isn’t a right or wrong with this.
3. Take your time. Try to notice as much detail as you can through your five senses. This, as you may know, is a grounding tool called mindfulness. It’s a great tool against anxiety.
4. Close your eyes and create the intention of letting go of stress and anxiety while making art. Sit with this idea for

########
Rank: 23
Score: 15.751329
Retrieved Text: Art Blakey, Art Tatum, Art Pepper, Artie Shaw, Art Farmer, Art Davis, Art Taylor, Art Lande, Art Hirahara. ART ART ART.
It’s all about that art dang it. What kind of art? Well, in the case of these ‘Arts’ it’s jazz but there’s a lot of other art too. Why do we create art? Why do we perform art? Why do we consider the practicing of art to be the sacrifice of normalcy? Why do we soldier on even after years of wage freezes and diminishing public interest? (Talk to any freelancer and they’ll tell you they’ve all been getting the same or similar wage for ‘jazz’ gigs for 40 years or more while playing at many of the same venues for a rotating cast of managers and owners). What business model can be built on that concept? Why has it somehow become even more shocking to be a full time artist? Well, I have no idea actually. I can’t even begin to explain on many levels why I continue to do it. To play music for a living. I seem to be able to keep on pushing the stone ever so slowly up the hill towards the next project, the next gig, the next thrilling improvisation. Somehow making it to the next gig makes me feel lucky. There is an immense satisfaction in winning the lottery. I’ve never won a financial lottery but, I won the happiness and joy and communal fellowship lottery.
I win it every time I play.
Come watch me push the ART stone up

########
Rank: 24
Score: 15.701294
Retrieved Text: Process art vs. product art: What is the difference?
Children’s art can generally be broken down into two different categories: PROCESS and PRODUCT.
So, what is the difference between process art vs. product art? And why does this difference matter?
What is the difference between process art and product art?
The quick answer to this question is that with process art, the value is in the experience of creating the artwork and exploring materials and techniques.
In contrast, with product art the value is in the final result rather than in the experience of producing it.
I am not denying that there is value in having children create art as a product. Some benefits include learning how to follow multi-step directions and developing fine motor skills like tracing and cutting.
However, product-oriented art does little to stimulate playful creativity. Nor does it give children opportunities to think outside the box and try new things.
So today I’m going to talk about the value of process-oriented art for children.
Why are process-oriented art experiences important for children?
Process-oriented art experiences, by their very nature, facilitate exploration, creativity, and relaxation. They stimulate out-of-the-box thinking and can lead to new discoveries – qualities we need to nurture in our future leaders and innovators!
Process-oriented art facilitates self-expression and encourages children to make connections to the world around them. When children engage in art as a process, they have opportunities to predict, plan, compare, and problem solve. They also get to feel a sense of ownership and pride in their original creations.
You do not have to follow all of these tips

########
Rank: 25
Score: 15.695765
Retrieved Text: ABCya's Pixel Art is an online activity that allows users to create their own masterpiece pixel-by-pixel! A great collection of Pixel art templates for Minecraft on Pc, Xbox One/360, PS4/3/Vita and pocket edition, enjoy! This playlist includes all of the Minecraft pixel art tutorials and showcases for the Christmas and Holiday themed builds that I have recorded. The pixel art. Just something I made for Chistmas View map now!
The Minecraft Project, Merry Christmas! Pixel Art, was posted by ProgrammingFreak312. Les 25 Meilleures Idées De La Catégorie Minecraft Christmas Sur with regard to Christmas Pixel Art. christmas pixel art christmas pixel art templates christmas pixel art tumblr Dec 22, 2017 · This Christmas and Holiday themed Minecraft pixel art let's build was requested by a number of subscribers.
I hope that you enjoy this how to build tutorial and try to build it on your Minecraft map! Nov 04, 2013 · Santa Clause A 3D Minecraft Schematic Hey Planet Minecraft Today I will show you guys a building a staff member of a server I co own created A bit early and festive but hey some of the stores near you are already putting up Christmas decorations so why not It's a 3D Santa Clause pixel art. Merry Christmas⛄️ ️⛄️ ️. As we are getting closer to the most wonderful time of the year, I thought why not make a Christmassy Guide kinda thing.
️⛄️ ️. Minecraft Pixel art creations, page 56. Rated 2. 5 from 2 votes and 1 comment. Details& download » Nov 28, 2016 · one

########
Rank: 26
Score: 15.680824
Retrieved Text: This blog post was written for Ann Grasso, and appears on Ann Grasso Pattern Art.
Call it mid-life crises or finally waking up…. Just before turning the big 50, I decided to step out of the box. I got an itch to learn, grow and do. I’ve always had artistic abilities but they were never directed or refined. I have what is called a beginner’s mind… (it’s a good thing) so I am willing to try and to explore, much like the special needs kiddos that I work with during my day job.
It all reignited one very snowy weekend… REALLY! A Zentangle® class was being offered and after attending, I was incredibly inspired. I’d always wanted to be an art teacher and this gave me the opportunity to pursue my dream. I attended a certification seminar to teach Zentangle, which became a gateway. I quite literally stepped into a world of amazing creatives and the many, many different types of media available to create art. There is comfort in working small with simple lines that grow into complex patterns which in turn became lovely little abstract pieces of art.
Graphite drawing was the next natural step, then transitioning to colored pencil work, watercolor, acrylic painting and finally oil painting. While I do admit, there are many pieces that are for my eyes only, this journey is fulfilling my hunger to learn.
Now for the big questions…. Who? Why?
Who is this art for? Why create art?
For me, it is learning to embrace and create images that come to mind as

########
Rank: 27
Score: 15.679117
Retrieved Text: There comes a point when you’re sitting somewhere and you’re listening, or reading, or watching something and a light bulb goes off. It’s almost as if you can see it pop up above your head. Something has clicked. Some piece of the puzzle has landed in place and you’re starting to be able to see the bigger picture. I had a couple moments like that in this participatory art and social practice class. A few concepts really hit home for me and I am happy to say that I have already started using a couple in my creating practice.
I think the biggest concept was play. Kaprow wrote, “Play, of course, is at the heart of experimentation. Elsewhere, I’ve pointed out the crucial difference in the English language between playing and gaming (I993:IIO-26). Gaming involves winning or losing a desired goal. Playing is open-ended and, potentially, everybody “wins.” Playing has no stated purpose other than more playing. It is usually not serious in content or attitude, whereas gaming, which can also involve playing if it is subordinated to winning, is at heart competitive.” (Just Doing, pg. 104) So much of the time we are in school we are given very clear instructions as to what we are supposed to do; the projects we are given have outlines and expectations attached to them. We are required to meet these expectations in order to receive a passing grade. Because ultimately that is what school generally ends up boiling down to… grades. Or as Kaprow might call “winning” an A.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 15.663057
Retrieved Text: Oreo nail art! who’s not interested to create such style? Oreo is like one of the best cookie ever. You can dip it on milk and eat it right away or even crush it on small pieces and use it as a yummy ice cream topping! If you want to share the world the sweetness of oreo, one of the most stylish way to do it is by wearing oreo nail art. I know that there are lot of interpretation for this kind of design, but i suggest you to learn how to create it in the most simplest way. Just read my complete tutorial of oreo nail art here.
Ready to start the full guide of oreo nail art? Very good. Just like i always said to you, first thing that you need to do is prepare all your nails. Use nail polish remover to clean your nails from the previous nail design. It will also make sure that there are no polish or colors left. If you want to re-shape your nails, it will better if you use a fine nail buffer. Spot any cuticles? grab a nail file and remove them immediately. Wash your hands using warm water and you will now ready to create Oreo nail art.
Oreo nail art consist of blue and white color. That is why is suggest you to prepare those two polish first. Got them all already? very good. Start to apply the dark blue polish to all over your nails. Wait for about 2-3 minutes until all dry

########
Rank: 29
Score: 15.661741
Retrieved Text: Additional revenue. You can only paint so much, so fast – if you want to increase your income you need to paint more, sell more or duplicate your efforts.
Create more clients! Art reproductions are the answer for those people who love your work but can’t afford an original.
Low start-up costs! Low up-front setup fees allows you to have more images in production to create more sales.
Order as you sell! Reproduce art once or reproduce it one hundred times but only order what you need, when you need it.
The quality is the best! Be confident that you are offering your clients the best product available today.
More variety of substrates. With over 20 papers or canvases to choose from, you can closely match your original or create a whole new product.
Sizes to suit. Your clients can order any size that best suits their needs.
As you start to consider these possibilities, questions will come flooding into your head. Don’t worry, we’ve heard them all and we have an answer for almost any question you can throw at us.
Every day we have artists contact us and ask “Do you do Gleeshay, no wait, Geekley, no, oh how do you say it?” No matter how you pronounce it, Giclee is the highest quality form of art reproductions using wide format inkjet printing technology.
The Giclee (pronounced “Gi” as in Genie and “clee” as in clay) Fine Art Reproduction is a museum quality, high resolution digital image on rag art papers or fine art canvas and is the modern alternative for art lovers.

================



