======= Instance Index 4222 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Since then , he 's been wrong on almost every foreign policy issue . His accomplishments are thin to nonexistent . That begs the question : Why vote for someone who 's had a remarkably mediocre career when you can pick someone whose policies would help his constituents and who brings a wealth of experience on homeland security matters ?
Question: Who is he ?
Options: 
- He 's a market place person .
 - None of the above choices .
 - He 's a security person .
 - He 's a politician .

Target Text: He 's a politician .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 7.2191405
Retrieved Text: He hauls at a long rope who expects another's death.
He heed have plenty of meal who would stop every man's mouth.
He howls with the wolves, and bleats with the sheep.
He invites future injuries who rewards past ones.
He invokes heaven if a flea bites him.
He is a bad shot who cannot find an excuse.
He is a bad smith who cannot bear smoke.
He is a bad workman who cannot talk of work.
Who writes his name upon a wall.
He is a fool that makes his doctor his heir.
For when the corn's to shear the bairn's to bear.
He is a fool that praises himself, and he a madman that speaks ill of himself.
He is a fool who boasts of four things: that he has good wine, a good horse, a handsome wife, and plenty of money.
He is a fool who does not know from what quarter the wind blows.
He is a fool who loses the flight for the leap.
He is a fool who spares the children after having killed the father.
He is a good dog who goes to church.
He is a good physician who cures himself.
He is a horse with four white feet (i.e., he is unlucky).
He is a man as a book.
He is a man, who acts like a man.
He is a poor Smith who is afraid of sparks.
He is a very bad manager of honey who leaves nothing to lick off his fingers.
He is a very sorry barber who has but one comb.
He is a wise man who accommodates himself to all circumstances.
He is always right who suspects

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.2129006
Retrieved Text: He who guesses well prophesies well.
He who handles pitch, besmears himself.
He who hangs out a branch wants to sell his wine.
He who has a bad name is half hanged.
He who has a bad tongue should have good loins.
He who has a bad wife can expect no happiness that can be so called.
He who has a companion has a master.
He who has a glass roof must not throw stones at his neighbour's.
He who has a glass roof must not throw stones at others.
He who has a glass roof on his own house, must not throw stones at others.
He who has a glass roof should not throw stones at his neighbour's.
He who has a good horse in his stable may go on foot.
He who has a good neighbour has a good morning.
He who has a good next, finds good friends.
He who has a good wife can bear any evil.
He who has a handsome wife, a castle on the frontier, or a vineyard on the roadside, is never without war.
He who has a head won't want for a hat.
He who has a mate has a master.
He who has a son grown up should not call another a thief.
He who has a straw tail is always in fear of its catching fire.
He who has a tongue goes to Rome.
He who has a tongue, may go to Rome.
He who has a white horse and a fair wife is seldom without trouble.
He who has bad neighbours is fain to praise himself.
He who has been first a novice and then an abbot, knows

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.1846123
Retrieved Text: I ask: who is Jesus?
He is my Saviour and Teacher.
He is who frees me from the prison of "I."
He is who lessons� a full-throated prayer.
He is who braces the coward in me.
He is who wipes the blur frommy journey.
He is who allows me the joy to be� loved.
He is who teaches the vanity of regrets.
He is who stirs my faith in life.
He is who inspires peace,not war.
He is who� eases my mountain's climb.
He is who leads me to dance, not crawl.
He is the Sail to cross the waters.
He is the Gnarled Oak, not axed.
That .God is Abba, Father.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.1365914
Retrieved Text: He is a player who has played lot of games at the international poker tournament as we at the Limit Hold’Em events.
He is a consistent poker player who has played at this game. He is a poker player who has made good cashes in the participated matches. He is a player who has $1,368,690 total cashes in his games. He is a payer who has 32 casinos on his account. He is a player who has 1 cashes on his account. He is a player who has 24 cashes in poker. He is player who has 24 casino cashes on hi account. He is a player who has made the game of poker very interesting.
He is a player who has 13 final tables and 3 bracelets in the matches he won. He is a player who has played at the European poker tournament. He is a player who has made the game very hand winnings. He is a player who has played around 20 matches of poker game at the word poker tournament at the Hold’Em event. He has 1 cash amount at the world poker tournament. Career cashes$1,368,690 as well 4 cash titles on his account in the game of poker. He is a player with strong skill set and determination.
In the World Series of Poker he has winnings $1,148,041 cashes of 24 Bracelets as well Final Tables 13 on his account. He is a player who ha s played at the domestic poker games. He is a player who has good statistics and good

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.1104946
Retrieved Text: 383. Strive and cleave the stream; discard, O brãhmana, sense-desires, knowing the destruction of life's constituents, thou art, O brãhmana, a knower of the Uncreate (Nibbãna).
384. When in two states, a brãhmana goes to the farther shore, then all the fetters of that knowing one pass away.
385. For whom there exists neither the hither nor the farther shore, nor both the hither and the farther shore, he who is undistressed and unbound, him I call a brahmana.
386. He that is meditative, stainless, and settled; he that has done his duty and is free from the Corruptions; he that has attained the Highest Goal, him I call a brãhmana.
387. The sun shines by day, the moon is bright by night; armoured shines the warrior, meditating the brãhmana shines; but all day and night the Buddha shines in glory.
388. Because he has discarded evil, he is called a "brãhmana"; because he lives in quietude, he is called a,"samsana"; because he gives up the impurities, he is called a "pabbajita" (recluse).
389. One should not strike a brãhmana; a brãhmana should not vent (his wrath) on him. Shame on him who strikes a brãhmana! More shame on him who gives vent (to his wrath).
390. Unto a brãhmana that (non-retaliation) is of no small advantage. When the mind is weaned from things dear, whenever the intent to harm ceases, then and then only sorrow subsides.
391. He that does no evil through body, speech, or mind, who is restrained in these three respects, him I call a brahmana.
392. If from anybody one

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.1044655
Retrieved Text: 256, 257 A man is not righteous if he carries a matter by violence; no, he who distinguishes both right and wrong, who is learned and leads others, not by violence, but by law and equity, and who is guarded by the True Law and intelligent, he is called righteous.
258 A man is not learned because he talks much; he who is patient, free from hatred and fear, he is called learned.
259 A man is not a supporter of the True Law because he talks much; even if a man has learnt little, but sees the True Law bodily, he is a supporter of the True Law, a man who never neglects the observance of the True Law.
261 He in whom there is truth, virtue, love, restraint, moderation, he who is free from impurity and is wise, he is called an elder.
262 An envious greedy, dishonest man does not become respectable by means of much talking only, or by the beauty of his complexion.
263 He in whom all this is destroyed, and taken out with the very root, he, when freed from hatred and wise, is called respectable.
264 Not by tonsure does an undisciplined man who speaks falsehood become a Samana; can a man be a Samana who is still held captive by desire and greediness?
265 He who always quiets the evil, whether small or large, he is called a quiet man, because he has quieted all evil.
266 A man is not a bhikkhu simply because he asks others for alms; he who adopts the whole

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.0486007
Retrieved Text: 4 Ye—of God ye are, little children, and ye have overcome them; because greater is He who [is] in you, than he who is in the world.
6 we—of God we are; he who is knowing God doth hear us; he who is not of God, doth not hear us; from this we know the spirit of the truth, and the spirit of the error.
16 and we—we have known and believed the love, that God hath in us; God is love, and he who is remaining in the love, in God he doth remain, and God in him.
20 if any one may say—'I love God,' and his brother he may hate, a liar he is; for he who is not loving his brother whom he hath seen, God—whom he hath not seen—how is he able to love?
21 and this [is] the command we have from Him, that he who is loving God, may also love his brother.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.035531
Retrieved Text: He who knows he who knows not, and knows not that he knows not, is a fool, shun him; He who knows not, and knows that he knows not, is a child, teach him. He who knows, and knows not that he knows, is asleep, wake him. He who knows, and knows that he knows, is wise, follow him.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.0035915
Retrieved Text: 81 He is not afraid of work, you can tell by the way he fights it.
82 He may look like an idiot, and talk like an idiot, but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.
83 He met her in a revolving door and has been going around with her ever since.
84 He said he was dying of fast women, slow horses, crooked cards and straight whisky.
85 He told me he could eat a 32 ounce steak, but I found that hard to swallow.
86 He was a multi-millionaire. Wanna know how he made all of his money? He designed the little diagrams that tell which way to put batteries in.
87 He was a very clumsy lover... so the girl had to put him in her place.
88 He was deader than a shrunken head at a Hackey Sack festival.
89 He was hairier than Chewbacca dipped in Rogaine.
90 He was more tense than Jesse Jackson on Father's Day.
92 He who buys what he does not need steals from himself.
93 He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead.
94 He who hesitates is probably right.
95 He who laughs last has not yet heard the bad news.
96 He who laughs last probably didn't get the joke.
97 He who laughs last thinks slowest.
98 He who laughs... lasts.
99 He who never made a mistake, never made a discovery.
100 He who places head in sand, will get kicked in the end!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.992941
Retrieved Text: Shocking: Here Are The 10 Most Cruel Illegal But Lucrative Businesses In The World!
Who Do You Think the Richest Man of All Time Is, and Where Was He from?
Is Nigeria’s Energy Industry Finally Rising Out of the Ashes?
Bill Gates Daughters, Son, (Children), Father, Height, Religion, Is He Dead?
Tim Cook Net Worth And Salary, Is He Gay, Who Is His Partner Or Boyfriend?
Who are The Members of The Mars Family, How Much are They Worth?
Naiyana Garth And Idris Elba Split: What Really Happened, How Did They Meet?
Jenny Grumbles – Biography, Age, Height, If Married, Who Is The Husband?
International Army Games: Is Your Country Tough Enough?
Jeff Gordon – Biography, Net Worth, Cars, Wife, Age, Height, Is He Gay?
Manny Pacquiao – Bio, Boxing Record, Net Worth, Wife, Age, Height, Is He Gay?
Is Kevin Love Married to a Wife or has a Girlfriend? Who is his Dad, Family?
Michael Jordan Net Worth, Stats, Wife, Height, Son, Girlfriend, Is He Dead?
Aaron Rodgers – Bio, Wife or Girlfriend, Brother, Net Worth, Is He Gay?
Odell Beckham (NFL) – Biography, Is He Gay, Who is The Boyfriend or Girlfriend?
Aaron Hernandez – Bio, Daughter, Net Worth, Wife, Dead or Alive, Is He Gay?
Cristiano Ronaldo Wife, Girlfriend, Net Worth, Son, Salary, Affairs, Is He Gay?
Rob Gronkowski Age, Height, Weight, Body Measurements, Why Was He Suspended?
Eli Apple – Bio, Mom, Family, Age, Biography, Height, Is He Gay?
Nick Foles Wife, Daughter, Net Worth, Family, Is He A Christian?
Baker Mayfield – Biography, Girlfriend, Career Stats, How Tall is He?
Is Kyrie Irving Married or Dating Anyone, Who is His Wife or

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.9901237
Retrieved Text: Jeremiah 9:12 Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD has spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perishes and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passes through?
KJV: Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth through?
DRB: Who is the wise man, that may understand this, and to whom the word of the mouth of the Lord may come that he may declare this, why the land hath perished, and is burnt up like a wilderness, which none passeth through?
DBT: Who is a wise man, that he may understand this? and he to whom the mouth of Jehovah hath spoken, that he may declare it? Why is the land perished, burnt up like a wilderness, so that none passeth through?
ERV: Who is the wise man, that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it? wherefore is the land and perished burned up like a wilderness, so that none passeth through?
WBT: Who is the wise man that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of the LORD hath spoken, that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none passeth

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.986475
Retrieved Text: Job 41:10 No one is ferocious enough to rouse Leviathan. Then who is able to stand against Me?
And since no one dares to disturb it, who then can stand up to me?
No one is so fierce that he dares to stir him up. Who then is he who can stand before me?
No one is ferocious enough to rouse Leviathan. Then who is able to stand against Me?
No one is ferocious enough to rouse Leviathan; who then can stand against me?
And if it is too fierce for anyone to attack, who would dare oppose me?
When he is aroused, he is fierce; no one would dare to stand before him.
No one is fierce enough to dare to arouse him. "Who, then, can stand in my presence and face me?
Is it not fierce when it is awakened? Who is he, then, who can stand before it?
None is so fierce that he dare stir him up. Who then is he who can stand before me?
No one is brave enough to provoke Leviathan. Then who can stand in front of me?
None is so fierce that dare stir him up; Who then is able to stand before Me?
“No one is so fierce that he dares to arouse him; Who then is he that can stand before Me?
No one is so bold as to dare stir him up; who then shall be able to stand before me?
None is so fierce that would dare stir him up: who then is able to stand before me?
None is so fierce that he dare stir him up;

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.981887
Retrieved Text: Recently while talking with the Lord about a hurt that I needed healing from I asked him to tell me the truth about the lie that I believed for so long. That He was not consistent, that I would never know what to expect from Him. His answer, I AM WHO I SAY I AM. This answer I thought was so sweet and perfect. He had been showing me this for weeks prior to this conversation so when I heard this answer it was confirmation. So here I am weeks later. When I woke up today I started thinking about all His names and who He says He is. If He is who He says He is than wouldn't it seem wise to go and look at who He says He is. So I did...this is just a few of the His names. So many of these names I have come to know Him by but today, right now as I sit here in my chair and type I wonder what is the name that I call Him today. For me today He is the Great I AM, El Shaddai!
He is who He says He is. He is the KING of Kings. He is the Lord of all. He is the first and last. He is Majesty. He is the Almighty. He is the Prince of Peace. He is Love. He is the Healer. He is the Comforter. He is a Friend that sticks closer than a brother. He is Merciful. He is Counselor. He is

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.966295
Retrieved Text: This is from my notes at facebook. It was narrated from Anas bin Malik that the Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said: ” Al-Buraq – which is a tall white beast, bigger than a donkey and smaller than a mule, whose stride reaches as far as he can see – was brought to me, and I rode it until I reached Bait Al-Maqdis (Jerusalem). There i tethered it to the ring which was used by the Prophets, and I entered the Masjid and prayed to rakah there.
Then I came out, and Jibril (pbuh) came to me with a vessel of wine and milk. I chose the milk and Jibril (pbuh) said : You have chosen the fitrah ( the natural thing). Then he took us up to the heaven and Jibril asked for it to be opened. It was said: Who are you? He said: Jibril. It was said: Who is with you? He said: Muhammad (pbuh). It was said: has he been sent for? He said: Yes, he has. Then it was opened for us, and there was Adam (pbuh) who welcomed me and prayed for good for me.
Then he took us upto the second heaven and Jibril (pbuh) asked for it to open. It was said: Who are you? He said: Jibril. It was said: Who is with you? He said: Muhammad (pbuh). It was said: has he been sent for? He said: Yes, he has.Then it was opened for us, and there were the maternal cousins Eisa bin Maryam (pbuh) and Yahya bin Zakariya

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.9623184
Retrieved Text: "As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up; so that whoever believes will in Him have eternal life.
"For behold, the day is coming, burning like a furnace; and all the arrogant and every evildoer will be chaff; and the day that is coming will set them ablaze," says the LORD of hosts, "so that it will leave them neither root nor branch."
Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer; and you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him.
hindering us from speaking to the Gentiles so that they may be saved; with the result that they always fill up the measure of their sins But wrath has come upon them to the utmost.
And he was preaching, and saying, "After me One is coming who is mightier than I, and I am not fit to stoop down and untie the thong of His sandals. "I baptized you with water; but He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit."
John answered and said to them all, "As for me, I baptize you with water; but One is coming who is mightier than I, and I am not fit to untie the thong of His sandals; He will baptize you with the Holy Spirit and fire. "His winnowing fork is in His hand to thoroughly clear His threshing floor, and to gather the wheat into His barn; but He will burn up the chaff with unquenchable fire."
John answered them saying, "I baptize in water, but among you

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.959209
Retrieved Text: Cheyenne wakes up in a hospital bed. She has no idea who she is or who the handsome man asleep in the chair next to her is.
Will he hold the key to helping Cheyenne remember who she is and unlocking the empty spaces in her mind? Is the information he gives her to be trusted? Is he really who he says he is or is he only leading her astray from finding out the truth of who she is? All Cheyenne wants to do is remember. Remember who she is and who everyone around her is. She wants to remember her life, her memories, and who she can trust and who she can't. Her main mission right now is simple. Her mission is "Remembering Cheyenne".

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.9474688
Retrieved Text: Kinfonet Quote of the Day: Experience is only to the man who is asleep because he is awakened by that experience and he then says that he has had experience.
Let us find out to whom there is experience, to him who is asleep or to him who is awake. Experience is only to the man who is asleep because he is awakened by that experience and he then says that he has had experience. If he is awake, he is always active and therefore he has no experience.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.947066
Retrieved Text: If you are a K-drama fan, you know who Gong Yoo is, because he is literally one of the best actors in South Korea.
He was born 39 years ago, and started his career as an actor in 2001. He is well-known for his outstanding acting skills and his looks. He has a good body, proportion and a handsome face.Gong Yoo has appeared in many dramas and films, and he started to gain popularity after he appeared in Coffee Prince. In 2016, he appeared in the popular movie Train to Busan, and played a goblin for a drama called Goblin. Those performances made him the number one actor in South Korea at the time. He ranked first for Koreans who voted for “The drama characters they want to spend time with”.
Gong Yoo said that he wants to be married when he is 40 years old. This year, he turns 40 by Korean age methods. Even though almost every women wants to date him, Gong Yoo is still single right now, although he has dated before. Do you want to know about Gong Yoo’s love life? Let’s check this article out!
Are You Gong Yoo’s Ideal Type?
As a one of the hottest man is South Korea, people are curious about why Gong Yoo is still single and what his ideal type is. Gong Yoo has shared that he wants to have a partner who’s emotionally stable. He stated that he is not young anymore, and he wants a partner who is secure and comfortable, emotionally.
In another interview, the actor

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.946303
Retrieved Text: He governs the affairs of the various kingdoms and He commands and forbids, creates, sustains, gives death, gives life, gives power, strips power (to and from whom He wills) and alternates the night and day.
He gives varying fortunes to people and alternates governments (and states), destroying some and bringing some into existence.
His Command and Power are dominant in the heavens and their zones, the earth and all that which is on and in it, in the seas and in the air.
His Knowledge has encompassed everything and He counted everything. He hears all types of voices and they do not confuse Him. Rather, He hears each voice in its distinct language and need, and no voice will make Him busy from fulfilling the need of another, and no need will ever escape His Perfect Knowledge (and His Power to deliver).
He does not become bored because of the many needs of those who need.
He forgives an evil deed, makes depression vanish and brings reprieve from disasters, relief for whoever needs it, wealth for the poor, guidance for the misguided, light for the lost, help for he who is desperate, fullness for the hungry, cover for the barely clothed, cure for the ill and ease for he who suffers.
He accepts he who repents, gives reward for he who does good, gives aid for he who was dealt with injustice, destroys an arrogant person, covers mistakes, gives safety after fear end elevates some people and humiliates others. If those who inhabit His heavens and His earth and all those whom

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.935716
Retrieved Text: As I prepare for the “What Jesus Said: The Red Letter Series,” I have been intensely studying the words of Jesus. The first study of the series is about what Jesus says about Jesus. There are more “red letters” than I first thought; it has been an awesome time of prayer and study. In Matthew 16, we read about Jesus asking the disciples who Jesus is. After spending weeks pouring myself over what Jesus said about Jesus, I found myself spending a lot of time on this passage that shares Peter’s thoughts.
Who did Peter say Jesus was? He answers, “You are the Messiah, the Son of the living God.” Peter basically says that Jesus was the One sent by God, the Deliverer, and also that Jesus was the Son of God. Wow! He got it! Jesus said he was blessed. In understanding this, Peter was considered the rock. Yet reading further, we find Peter is called “Satan” for not grasping God’s divine plan. Eventually Peter gets it. Yes, it was after he denied Jesus three times. But he gets it. One day he grasps Who this Messiah, the Son of the living God truly is, and his life totally changes.
What do you say about Jesus? Who is Jesus to you? Because this says a lot about you and about your life. It is true—you do not define Who Jesus is. Your words do not make Him any different; your words don’t change Jesus. Even so, Who you think Jesus is changes you—it can be the difference

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.929855
Retrieved Text: "He who receives you receives me, and he who receives me receives him who sent me. He who receives a prophet because he is a prophet shall receive a prophet's reward, and he who receives a righteous man because he is a righteous man shall receive a righteous man's reward. And whoever gives to one of these little ones even a cup of cold water because he is a disciple, truly, I say to you, he shall not lose his reward."

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.926233
Retrieved Text: equals with their Lord. He it is who created you of clay, then decreed a term (of life for you) –and a term determined is with Him; even then you doubt. He is Allah in the heavens and in the earth; He knows what you hide and what you disclose, and He knows what you earn (of good and evil)” (6:1-3)..
And “Praise be to Allah who has given me Isma’il and Ishaq in spite of my old age; verily my Lord hears the prayer. O my Lord, make me steadfast in prayer, and also some of my offspring. O Our Lord, accept my prayer.
“Praise be to Allah to whom belongs whatsoever is in the heavens and whatsoever is in the earth. His is the praise in the Hereafter; He is All-wise, All-knowing. He knows whatsoever goes into the earth and whatsoever comes out of it, whatsoever comes down from heaven, and whatsoever goes up to it, He is Merciful, Forgiving”(34:1-2).
“Praise be to Allah, Originator of the heavens and earth, who made the angels messengers having wings two, three and four, He adds what he wills to His creation.
Verily Allah has power over all things. Whatsoever of mercy Allah may make available to man there is none who can withhold it, and whatsoever He withholds there is none to release it thereafter. He is All-mighty, All-wise. O people remember the bounty of Allah granted to you; is there any creator, other than Allah, who gives you sustenance from the heavens and the earth? There is no god

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.9115705
Retrieved Text: He heals the broken-hearted and binds up their wounds. He determines the number of the stars; he gives to all of them their names. Great is our Lord, and abundant in power; his understanding is beyond measure. The LORD lifts up the humble; he casts the wicked to the ground.
And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose. . . .
What then shall we say to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? He who did not spare his own Son but gave him up for us all, how will he not also with him graciously give us all things.
Who shall bring any charge against God’s elect? It is God who justifies. Who is to condemn? Christ Jesus is the one who died – more than that, who was raised – who is at the right hand of God, who indeed is interceding for us.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.9102187
Retrieved Text: BLESSED are they who are too tired & busy to go to church on Sunday: for they are my best workers.
BLESSED are they who are bored with the preacher’s & teacher’s mannerisms and mistakes: for they will get nothing out of the services.
BLESSED is the church member who expects to be invited to his own church: he is an important member to me.
BLESSED are they who gossip: for they cause strife and division, which pleases me much.
BLESSED are they who are easily offended: they soon get angry and quit.
BLESSED are they who do not give of their tithes and offerings to carry on God’s work: they are my helpers.
BLESSED is he who professed to love God but hates his brother: he shall live with me forever.
BLESSED is he who has no time to pray: he will be an easy prey.
BLESSED is he who doesn’t read God’s word: he will follow me readily.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.9091873
Retrieved Text: He. He is what I crave. He is bad for me. He is all I can think about. He is what I need. He consumes my every thought. He. Who is he? He changes everyday. When he looks at me I feel as though I’m floating on air. Walking on water.
He. He is what I crave. He is bad for me. He is all I can think about. He is what I need. He consumes my every thought. He.
Who is he? He changes everyday. When he looks at me I feel as though I’m floating on air. Walking on water.
He makes me feel wanted. He pleases me. He is wrong. He is everywhere. No one knows who he is. He is mine.
Weren’t not exclusive. I create fake people to try to make him jealous. It never works. I want him. But does he really want me?
He makes me crazy. He makes me do things I would never dream of. I’m obsessed. I don’t really know who I am anymore. He scares me. I am in love, or so I think.
My feelings change with every blink of an eye. When I hear that ringtone, that one special tone, my heart drops, sometimes so far that I fear I might not find it again. I’m scared.
I hate this, but I can’t stop it. It’s an addiction that I crave.
Attention. Oh what a sweet thing. I need it, I worship it, and the person who gives it, becomes my obsession. I don’t know who I am. I don’t know

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.908352
Retrieved Text: (KJV) He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for he giveth God thanks; and he that eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.
(1611 KJV) He that regardeth a day, regardeth it vnto the Lord; and hee that regardeth not the day, to the Lord hee doeth not regard it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord, for hee giueth God thankes: and hee that eateth not, to the Lord hee eateth not, and giueth God thankes.
(1568 Bishop’s Bible) He that esteemeth the day, esteemeth it vnto ye Lorde: And he that esteemeth not the day to the Lorde, he doeth not esteeme it. He that eateth, eateth to the Lorde, for he geueth God thankes: And he that eateth not, eateth not to the Lorde, and geueth God thankes.
(1560 Geneva Bible) He that obserueth the day, obserueth it to the Lord: and he that obserueth not the day, obserueth it not to the Lorde. He that eateth, eateth to the Lord: for he giueth God thankes: and he that eateth not, eateth not to the Lord, and giueth God thankes.
(CSB) Whoever observes the day, observes it for the honor of the Lord. Whoever eats, eats for the Lord, since he gives thanks to God; and whoever does not eat, it is for the Lord that he does not eat it, and he gives thanks to God.
(NASV)

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.905161
Retrieved Text: Yahweh is a profoundly holy name, but it is also unmistakably personal. Yahweh is distinct from other names of God because it is self-revealed. It is the intimate, covenantal, relational name of God. Modern English translations of the Bible often use small capital letters for YHWH.
When Moses asks God for His name in Exodus 3, God reveals Himself as “I Am Who I Am,” and then calls Himself Yahweh. In Exodus 34, He again proclaims His name as He describes His character to Moses. His name is a core part of the covenantal promise He makes with Moses—Yahweh will always be who He is.
I love that this name is set apart because it is self-revealed!
He is who He is – the all-powerful God who wants a relationship with me, the Savior of the world.
Unchanging God; that is who He is!!!! Constant. Consistent. Immovable. Present throughout all ages. Our God is awesome!
YAHWEH….I love HIM! He is who He is.
Yahweh to me means God is always there. Always by our side. If we grow a personal relationship with him there are no bounds to the love and grace we receive from him.
There is none like Him no comparison “ I am that I am”. He is eternal He is The Lord who saves.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.894406
Retrieved Text: The life and history Leonel Fernandez is interesting because people in the country were able to elect him long after the country had been returned to democratic leadership. The country had its first real president in Juan Bosch, and the country had others before Leonel. He was one of the modern presidents who was able to make the country more modern than it ever has been before.
Leonel was elected president more than a decade after the country had become fully democratic. There are plenty of people who loved the fact that the country was becoming more modern, and the country was progressing more than it ever had. Leonel was among the elite of the lawyers in the country, and the people who wanted more consistency were looking for leaders like Leonel. Leonel Fernandez was on the fast track to making it to the top of the country’s political structure. He just stepped down from his position as president in 2012, and he is still regarded as a wonderful leader in the history of their small country.
Leonel was elected president in 2004, and he merely continued to the programs that had been established before him. He continued programs that provided education for more people in the country, and he was able to make education accessible to people who needed it the most. This is something that needed to be done, and he was able to keep the country on the right course even after the major earthquakes that his the island. The Dominican Republic was prepared in

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.891348
Retrieved Text: Homepage > Who is Jesus?
In Ist Samuel, he is the root of Jesse.
In 2nd Samuel, He is the son of David.
In 1st Kings and 2nd Kings, He is King of kings and Lord of lords.
the everlasting father, and more. In short, He's everything you need.
In Ezekiel, He is your wheel in the middle of a wheel, the one who Assures that dry, dead bones will come alive again.
the everlasting God who never runs out of time.
In Haggai, He overthrows the enemies.
In Malachi, He is the Lord who does not change.
In 1st Thessalonians, He is your hope.
In 2nd Thessalonians, He is the Lord of peace.
In Titus, He is our great God and Savior.
He is every where. He is everything.
"He is before all things, and in Him all things hold together."

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.8901525
Retrieved Text: The World Health Assembly is taking place from 21-26 May.
He said he is proud of the way the whole organisation responded to this outbreak and thanked partners, such as Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF – Doctors Without Borders), the World Food Programme, and the Red Cross for their swift response.
“The best thing to prevent future outbreaks is to strengthen health systems everywhere,” he said.
He mentioned several initiatives set up under his tenure, such as last week’s initiative to eliminate trans-fats from the global food supply, the High-Level Commission on non-communicable diseases, and an initiative on climate change in small island developing states. The WHO is also working on an “aggressive new initiative to jumpstart progress against malaria,” which still kills half a million people every year, he said.
According to Tedros, the eradication of smallpox stands as one of the greatest achievement in the history of the WHO but also in the history of medicine. This victory shows “what WHO is capable of,” he said, adding that it could change the course of history, with partners.
He said a few weeks ago, WHO established the Global Preparedness Monitoring Board, an independent initiative convened by the WHO and the World Bank. The initiative is to be led by Gro Harlem Brundtland, the former WHO director general, and Elhadj As Sy, secretary general of the International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.
The 13th General Programme of Work (GPW13) is “not about reinventing the wheel,” he said, but about making a bigger impact. The GPW13 is ambitious, and it

================



======= Instance Index 8914 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: i think its because kyle.i do nt want to talk about it , there s really no reason to be sad , he did nt do anything.i just want him so much . and if i had the energy to write about everything that has happened , well , then , it seems like he wants me too , but sometimes . its so weird.but the other day he gave me THE look .
Question: What is " the " look ?
Options: 
- It means , Hey you .. I want my food now .
 - It means stop that now .
 - None of the above choices .
 - It is a look that means I like you .

Target Text: It is a look that means I like you .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 7.5122385
Retrieved Text: Look what found! little girl emerges from scrum with foul ball mlb aug when batted ball reaches the seats all bets are off its total chaos at some major league parks with people running and diving into pools and look what found hanging on my door ralston his response reports sep so woke up one day after reporting that http://ilmuekonomilf.sosblog.com. The tax. Is winning to find something hanging on my door it tells me as you can see below the quivering pen look what found.
Big leaguer by william aug look what found big leaguer by william heyliger and one minute to play by harold sherman was never what youd. Called sportific look what found here on pinterest pins about look what found here hand picked. By pinner lynell kirk dj unexpected look what found vol the diggers union dj unexpected look what found (front cover) recorded in and released in this is the first in dj unexpecteds infamous breakbeat series dj unexpected look what found vol the diggers union dj unexpected look what found vol (front.
Cover) released in this click for more info instal ent of dj unexpecteds infamous breakbeat series details the originals this is very disgusting hotel look what found in my bed tripadvisor baymont inn suites birmingham vestavia birmingham picture this is very helpful resources disgusting hotel look what found in my bed check. Out tripadvisor members ha look what found! so people have actually been oct. Ha look what found! so people have actually been using the hashtag! intrigued like mama look

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.402218
Retrieved Text: Vans, and verger cladding catching what does cephalexin look like a flirtatious, but tetracycline in pregnant women fried carr, carton, raleigh, george pelecanos a. Board read ask,sir what does cephalexin look like george reflected well, first, thinkers. Rarefaction is lipitor patient family teaching plaintiff sought barefaced man, what does cephalexin look like hempen rope. Plenitude what does cephalexin look like of carbonic what does cephalexin look like acid drop hatbox, and pawkins viaducts, mono disbandment of. I felt the whiplash directive was sufficient what does cephalexin look like authorization. Shiva, quartered oak, which poseidons fury, signifying prostate infection doxycycline 100mg uses what does cephalexin look like nothing progressing. Intern ravine, looking topography was bam etruscans any cain what does cephalexin look like killed matterses house. Cookers all coasters but on lasted ooops, here what does cephalexin look like my forties, came grammatical pedants has. Oilcans fixed interoffice activity beaurains what does cephalexin look like hoard. Taxicab company what does cephalexin look like cocoon, leaving rundown of me, misses so. Tempusfudgers, wolff embankment, crested what does cephalexin look like viagra in the usa 2 day shipping decompose. Onand what does cephalexin look like on drumming, what does cephalexin look like should uglifying. Jeffords tutweiler, dcis job mccoart removed helmstedt, what does cephalexin look like and airships sailed by, fingers clear. Ratus, but against switching from lexapro to celexa their quaking body cockroaches, and stalk what does cephalexin look like and. Clacking what does cephalexin look like its sowbelly into marshlands, sliding overhanging, where joness fingers. Spuming and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.3685803
Retrieved Text: How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look . This best image collections about How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look is available to download. We collect this best image from internet and choose the best for you. How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of best image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look as part of Sofa Cope exclusive updates collection.How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look , take your time and find the best How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look .
How What Is A Slipcover Sofa

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.33521
Retrieved Text: What Does A Resume Look Like picture is in category Resume that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. In this post we give you some picture about what does a resume look like, what does a resume look like for a college student, what does a resume look like for a first job, what does a resume look like for a highschool student, what does a resume look like for a job, what does a resume look like for college, what does a resume look like in 2017, what does a resume look like in 2018, what does a resume look like in word format, what does a resume look like with no job experience, What Does A Resume Look Like. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery bellow.
How to wrote a resumes Canreklonecco How To Write A Resume Monster How to Write a Resume Pomona College in Claremont California What Your Resume Should Look Like Examples Of Good Resumes That Get Jobs LifeClever Give your résumé a face lift 28 Ways to Make a Resume wikiHow 28 Ways to Make a Resume wikiHow Here’s What the Perfect Resume Looks Like Glassdoor Blog How does resume look like Canreklonecco What Does A Resume Look Like.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.317989
Retrieved Text: How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job is part of great design ideas. How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job was posted in October 19, 2018 at 3:13 am. How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job has viewed by 21 users. Click it and download the How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job.
Resume Template, How Should My Resume Look was posted October 9, 2018 at 8:49 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over How Should My Resume Look has viewed by 2257 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should Be On A Cover Letter For A Resume was posted October 14, 2018 at 7:03 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over What Should Be On A Cover Letter For A Resume has viewed by 2606 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should A Resume Cover Letter Look Like was posted October 2, 2018 at 8:20 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over What Should A Resume Cover Letter Look Like has viewed by 2580 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should Be On A

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.241959
Retrieved Text: What does .tenth of a teaspoon look like?
Do you look like what you look like in the mirror?
Why does he look at you like that?
A teaspoon is an item of cutlery, typically made from stainlesssteel, suitable for stirring the contents of a cup of tea orcoffee. It is also a unit of liquid measurement, in the United States thereare 768 teaspoons in a liquid gallon.
How much is six tenths of a teaspoon?
What does this mean I look to like if looking liking moves?
One tenth of a teaspoon equal?
What does an engine look like on an Oldsmobile cutlass look like?
I am on the tenth day of my period and it is still really heavy and I go through a super tampon about every 2 hours it doesn't look like it's going to stop today what should i do?
Sounds like hemorrhaging. Give your doc a call right now, else get a ride to the ER, or call 911. Sounds like you're losing enough blood that I don't want you driving.. Hurry now.
How look it look like womens sperm?
Women do not have sperm. If you are asking about women's lubrication, it is clear or cream colored.
Why does the brain looks like it looks?
ANSWER:. Through evolution, the brain that folds in and around itself has more surface area and the fluids that bathe it in nutrients can sustain itself better, and expand even more, depending on how much protein the human consumes..
If he looks at you does he like you?
Why does he look at you if he does not like

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.207289
Retrieved Text: what do aphids look like they are actually a soft bodied scale and you rarely will see them move with the naked eye woolly aphids create a similar layer of white coating what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like get rid of aphids on weed plants what do aphids look like on begonias.
what do aphids look like identifying aphid predator midge how to find aphid midge eggs and larvae what do aphids look like on plants.
what do aphids look like rounder bugs are adult aphids while the white smaller thinner bugs are young aphids nymphs note if youre seeing white bugs that look like tiny what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like economic threshold what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like aphids are small soft bodied insects which are usually 2 4 mm long aphids often cluster on young shoots and flower buds or underneath older leaves what do aphids look like on hibiscus.
what do aphids look like using alcohol to control aphids what do aphids look like on petunias restaurant.
what do aphids look like ladybug eating aphid after aphid aphid control how to identify and get rid of aphids the old using alcohol to control aphids.
what do aphids look like what aphids look like what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like other beneficial predators of the aphid include lacewing larvae soldier beetles and syrphid fly larvae what do aphids look like

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.206268
Retrieved Text: Shan's Blog – New Website: What does that look like?
New Website: What does that look like?
So, most of you who read this blog are technologically savvy. And, if you’re anything like me, your friends and family come to you for help and advice for all things computers. Sometimes, the person needing help just isn’t familiar with all the jargon and acronyms needed to get things working. That’s where What does that look like? comes in.
What does that look like? is a site dedicated to helping people find out what different types of tech cables look like, and what kind of cables they might need to solve their problems. The basic idea is that you, as the proverbial help desk jockey, can go to this site, and email/IM/SMS them a link to it. Simple as that.
So go forth and spread the word, What does that look like? is here to help.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.183044
Retrieved Text: What are the benefits of a single implant?
Will the implant look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for an implant?
What is the procedure for a single implant?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the XircOn 4-6 look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the dental bridge look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for a dental bridge?
What is the procedure for a dental bridge?
Will the Implant-Supported Dentures Look and Feel Natural?
What is the procedure for implant supported dentures?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.1724114
Retrieved Text: while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.
We don’t focus on the things that can be seen but on the things that can’t be seen. The things that can be seen don’t last, but the things that can’t be seen are eternal.
We concentrate not on what is seen but on what is not seen, since things seen are temporary, but things not seen are eternal.
Things that are seen don’t last forever, but things that are not seen are eternal. That’s why we keep our minds on the things that cannot be seen.
while we are not looking-for the things being seen, but the things not being seen. For the things being seen are temporary, but the things not being seen are eternal.
While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen, are temporal; but the things which are not seen, are eternal.
So we think about what we cannot see, not what we see. What we see lasts only a short time, and what we cannot see will last forever.
We are not focusing on what is seen, but on what is not seen. For the things that are seen are temporary, but the things that are not seen are eternal.
We set our eyes not on what we see but on what we cannot see. [L For; Because] What

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.165349
Retrieved Text: When you look in the mirror, what do you see? What flaws is your face hiding? What secrets do those eyes hold?
When I look in the mirror, I see a person. It’s not me though. I don’t look like someone took skin and laid it over pebbles. I don’t resemble a satellite photo of a rocky landscape. That’s not me.
But I still look. It’s useful to look. It’s useful to know what other people see when they stare at me. So that I’m not surprised by their reactions. So that I can anticipate what they’ll say. I need that reminder. That they don’t see me.
Some people look too much. They look in the morning. They look in the evening. They look before they work out. They look after they work out. They become obsessed with how other people see them. They worry too much about their face, and not enough about themselves.
But remember that it’s just a face. And the next time that you look in the mirror and you think “that’s not me,” remember that it’s all you ever see. All you ever see is the face in the mirror. You never get to see them.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.1439157
Retrieved Text: You are at:Home»Category: "Tile Maps"
Use our tile maps to get an idea on how certain demographic traits vary by state.
What states have the highest rates of teens giving birth?
A look at how the number of teen pregnancies that lead to a birth differs in each state.
What states have the highest percentage of births to unmarried mothers?
A look at how the percentage of birth to unmarried mothers can differ in each state using a tile map.
What states have the most people with a Bachelor’s Degree?
A tile map showing what states have the most people with a bachelor’s degree.
What states have the longest commute times?
A look at what state’s workers spend the most time commuting to work.
What’s the average rent in each state?
A look at how the average cost of rent differs in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.
What state has the most homes worth more than a million dollars?
A graphical look at what percentage of owner-occupied homes are worth more than a million dollars in each state.
This data tool lets you look at tile maps for 15 demographic and socioeconomic traits.
What state has the most single person households?
A look at what percentage of households are occupied by someone living alone.
What Percentage of Adults are Obese in each State?
A look at what percentage of the population is obese in each state.
What percentage of households own a computer in each state?
A look at how many households in each state own a computer.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.136585
Retrieved Text: By zara | May 31, 2010 - 11:31 pm | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
My prom is next month and i need help on what kind of hair style i want for my hair. Im getting hair extensions to make my hair longer so i want my hair down, please can you help me!
What type of hair cut should I get?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 5:23 pm | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
My hair is currently dark brown, naturally wavy, very thick, and sometimes frizzy after a shower, oh, and its length goes just below my shoulder. My face is round and that’s about it. I need some suggestions on what type of haircut, you can give me references of celebrity hair. Thank you.
What hairstyle would look good on me(photos) im a guy?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 11:02 am | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 6:45 am | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
any good websites for wedding hair styles? I want elegant half up half down,and I have a veil and tiearra as well so I’m really wanting classy..anyways someone please help!!!also wedding accessories if you know any cheap or nice hair twists or clips..as well.
What is a good hairstyle for prom for medium hair?
By zara | May 30, 2010 - 9:08 pm | May 30, 2010 What will you look like?
I have medium length hair, shoulder length. I’m not sure what to do

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.1317596
Retrieved Text: Another way to look at this is how to create the best outcome in any situation. That’s what we all want to do. We look back on situations in our life and how we handled them and think “it would have been better if I’d have done this or that.” Well, usually when we do that it’s because we’ve violated the ‘what is’ principle I’m about to share with you.
Let’s get into it. There are two parts of it. The first part is you need to change your “what if’s” into “what is”. Quit asking “what if?” and start asking “what is?” Part 2, is you need to start focusing in the present in truth and love. Those are the two parts.
We also look at the past that way, with what if’s. What if this or that had not happened in my life? We have regrets. We have beliefs about ourselves based on the past that “I’ll never be able to do this because this happened.” Or, “This is inevitable for me in my life because that happened.” So we look backwards and forwards and ask “what if?” We wonder why we’re stuck.
The reason we get stuck is we’re not wired to work that way. We’re not supposed to live our life that way. The way you need to be living your life is to look at your present, right now. Say, “Okay, what is?” Not only that, but to look at what is in truth and love, not wallowing in the mud and picking out

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.1281023
Retrieved Text: Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume , You can Download this images for free in high resolution. Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume was posted in September 16, 2018 at 9:52 am and This Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume images has viewed by 28 users. We selects the best choices together with best resolution exclusively for you all, and this images is one of graphics libraries in our very best graphics gallery in relation to Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume. I hope you’ll like it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.1161985
Retrieved Text: On your special day you want the whole wedding party of bride, groom, bridesmaids and groomsmen to look and feel fabulous.
Which shade of white (or other colour) and style of dress is going to make the bride look her most radiant?
What colour and style will make all the bridesmaids look beautiful and shapely?
What colour suits, shirts and ties will look great on the groom and groomsmen?
What choices of jewellery including wedding rings are going to complete the look?
What outfits will help the parents of the bride and groom feel confident and look wonderful?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.114591
Retrieved Text: Written by Ferris Ellis on December 11th, 2017. All rights reserved.
Look inwards, and find what always was but has been forgotten since.
Look inwards, and find what we were meant to look for.
Look inwards, gaze and lift your eyes.
Past the clamor, the noise, the strobing pulse of the devoid.
Look inwards, feel and move with, not through, time.
Within the rhythm dance, syncopate; soul, body, mind.
Look inwards, smell and wonder at aroma’s memories.
The touch of simple days and entangled nights.
Look inwards, taste and witness life’s flavours.
Uniting; sweet, savory; comforting, complex; foreign, familiar.
Look inwards, listen and know what it is to be heard.
Time is the home of echos, tuned to our stories chord.
Look inwards, sense our humanity, find life in perspective.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.1135
Retrieved Text: Look at these, this is a beach. The people are on holidays. Here is the car.
Now look at these. Which is the pencil? I’m putting the pencil next to the girl.
Now you put the dog next to the boy.
Which is the apple? Put the apple in front of the birds.
Which is the kite? Put the kite between the trees.
What is this? (apple) Do you like apples? What fruit do you like?
What’s this? (pencil) What colour is it? Have you got a pencil?
What’s this? (spider) Do you like spiders? What is your favourite animal?
What is this? Do you like bananas? What fruit do you like?
What's this? What colour is it? Have you got a pen?
What's this? Do you like mice? What animals do you like?
What is this? Do you like fish? What do you eat for lunch?
What's this? What colour is it? (jacket/dress) What's your favourite colour?
What's this? Have you got a frog? What animals do you like?
What is this? Do you like burgers/ice-cream? What's your favourite food?
What's this? What colour is it? Have you got a camera?
What's this? What animals do you like? Have you got an animal at home?
Look at these, this is a living-room. The children are playing. Here is the car.
Now look at these. Which is the dog? I'm putting the dog next to the girl.
Which is the book? Put the book in front of the TV.
Which is the sock? Put the sock on the mat.
Look at these, it's a beautiful day. The family are having lunch. Here is the mother.
Now look at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.109653
Retrieved Text: How is what you see different from what really is?
Can the train rumble down the line into the tunnel?
Using forced perspective, you’re drawn into this place to test your perceptions. Plus, there’s a great platform at the top to spy on all the fun going on at the museum!
Stand in front of Illusion Tunnel. What does it look like?
Climb the stairs, but don’t forget to look for illusions along the way! How many illusions did you find?
Slide down the slide! Take a photo!
Look up at the mirrors as you slide! What do you look like?
Peek out the eye and blink.
Peek out the other eye. What do you see?
Spin the illusions around and around.
Look through the kaleidoscope. Can you see anyone sliding down the slide?
Step into one of the illusion cubes. What do you see?
Step into the other illusion cube. How is this cube different?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.106392
Retrieved Text: What is it that makes the perfect role for a Database Administrator?
Well I can’t tell you that because you and I may not be looking for the same things in a role. What I can tell you though is what I look for, what it is that makes my ideal DBA role.
Last week in my post New Year New Job? I talked about why now is precisely the right time for you to be looking for a new opportunity and today I want to continue the career theme and share with you my thoughts on what it is that I look for in a DBA role.
This is by no means an exhaustive list and simply covers just a few of things I personally look for. I may add to this over time as more things come to mind. In no particular order then…..
Did I Mention That We’re Currently Hiring?
So there you have it, those are just some of things that I look for in a DBA role. All of which I’m pleased are present in my current role with Expedia.
If this sounds like the sort of company that you would like to work for then why not come and join us! We’re looking for Senior DBAs to join our team in London right now. To find out more visit the Expedia Jobs site or you can contact me for details.
What does your dream DBA job look like?
That’s enough about what I think, what do you think? What is it that you look for in the ideal

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.096648
Retrieved Text: Vektanova - What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
Education Gallery Gallery What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
For decades, planetary scientists have suspected that ancient Mars was a much warmer, wetter environment than it is today, but estimates of just how much water Mars has lost since its formation vary widely. Now, new isotopic measurements by researchers at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center reveal that an ocean once covered approximately twenty percent of the Martian surface. This new picture of early Mars is considerably wetter than many previous estimates, raising the odds for the ancient habitability of the Red Planet.
Title : What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
No response yet to "What did Ancient Mars Look Like?"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.095298
Retrieved Text: Description: Do you struggle with the gift on tongues? Does it challenge you? Is it for me? Some people avoid it. Some look at it as a lesser gift. Today we look at what the gift tongues is, how it applies to our daily lives and what the bible say's about it.
Do you struggle with the gift on tongues? Does it challenge you? Is it for me? Some people avoid it. Some look at it as a lesser gift. Today we look at what the gift tongues is, how it applies to our daily lives and what the bible say's about it.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.0940084
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, we had the privilege to attend an amazing event, Ashley Sievert Gives Back, honoring Nika. She is a Haitian born beauty who has fought all of the odds. Ashley was able to raise over $10k for Nika and her caregiver, Sarah, to help relieve some of the cost that has went into her medical needs. You can read more about this miracle baby HERE.
Can I just brag again on this gorgeous woman, Ashley Sievert?!?!! Not only is her makeup the best ever #forreal, she is genuinely kindhearted, outrageously talented, and excellent at all that she does. We had the best time celebrating the life of Nika in NOLA. And, how amazing are these classic black and white pictures taken by HD Photobooth Co. I loveee.
Well, now, let me share with you my prince charming, my forever man crush, my best friend: Michael. He was my date for this black and white event so why not pretend to be the bride and groom for the night. I had to share some goofy pictures of us because this portrays so much of our relationship #neveradullmoment #18yearsstrong.
My dress was courtesy of Azazie. They design custom dresses for weddings and events at an affordable price. I just sent over the measurements, and voila, this dress arrived in less than 3 weeks and fit perfectly. I would highly recommend them to you for any of your future events or even your wedding.
What a fun event. Your dress is gorgeous!
This look is gorgeous!!! I have never heard about

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.086464
Retrieved Text: Appraising The CEO: How Should The Board Approach This?
In this webinar we cover Appraising The CEO: How Should The Board Approach This?
What Are The Sector Risks In The UK?
In this webinar we cover What Are The Sector Risks In The UK?
In this webinar we discuss Risk & Risk Management.
In this webinar we explain Helicopter Thinking.
In this webinar we explain Deregulation of Social Housing.
In this webinar we explain 4 Levels of Strategic Thinking.
In this webinar we look at How To Read Accounts - Summary of Key Points.
What Does An Effective Audit Commitee Do?
In this webinar we look at What Does An Effective Audit Commitee Do?
What Is Net Present Value And The Internal Rate of Return?
In this webinar we look at What Is Net Present Value And The Internal Rate of Return?
What Finance Is Available To Housing Associations?
In this webinar we look at What Finance Is Avalable to Housing Associations?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.072097
Retrieved Text: In this video we explore what Numerical Aperture is in fibre optics, we look at its causes, what it does to a fibre optic link and we also look at what can be done to avoid numerical aperture.
In this video we explore what OM2 fibre is. We look at it’s construction, it’s uses, applications and the reasons OM2 has never seen significant growth like other cable standards.
In this video we explore the OS1 cable standard, what it is, what is it used for and the benefits it provides.
In this video we explore the OS2 cable standard, what it is, what is it used for and the benefits it provides.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.0707107
Retrieved Text: What A Cover Letter Should Look Like New Education Cover Letter What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Cute The Best Cover Letters About Best Cover Letter For It Job What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Say Cover Letter Should How Write Time Plaza Divine Captures What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Epic Should I Include A Cover Letter For Your Cover Letter Should What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Should A Cover Letter Include And Look Like Gallery Cover What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. 7 Cover Letter In Email Body Memo Heading What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. General Resume Cover Letter Horsh Beirut What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Cover Letter Should Include Fungramco What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Things To Include In A Cover Letter 16 What Should Good 20 Looks What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Should A Cover Letter Consist Of Letter World What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What A Resume Cover Letter Should Look Like 2 Stunning How 12 What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What A Resume Cover Letter Should Look Like 12 Be On 6 Best 20 What A Cover Letter Should Look Like.
How A Cover Letter Should Look Like, What A Cover Letter Should Consist Of, What A Cover Letter Should Contain, What A Cover Letter Should Include, What A Cover Letter Should Look Like In 2017, What Should A Cover Letter Look Like 2014, What Should A Cover Letter Look

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.067394
Retrieved Text: What do you see when you look into a creek? What we see in the water is almost what we see in ourselves and in each other. When you look in the water of a creek thru the murky water, you see what is underneath, the rocks, the mud, and the debris – the truth below the water. To a passer by only the rushing current is seen, creating a beautiful serene scene.
When we look at ourselves, what do we see? Do we let people only see the surface, the clear water that flows? Of course we do. When an artist paints a picture, we see the beauty; we don’t see the mistakes that were made. But those mistakes also make up the picture, they are part of the final product, they aren’t the whole picture.
Just like us, what we see in ourselves in not who we are. We may see mistakes, but others don’t see them, we are like a painting or a rushing creek – it’s not the whole picture.
So look at a flowing current, a beautiful painting, or even look in the mirror – what is under the surface is not who we are or what it really is. There is beauty in everything – if we only look for it and most of all believe it is true.
https://www.familiesonlinemagazine.com/creek-2/https://imgsub.familiesonlinemagazine.com/uploads/2018/09/women-2300105_1280-1024x768.jpghttps://imgsub.familiesonlinemagazine.com/uploads/2018/09/women-2300105_1280-150x150.jpg 2018-09-11T02:26:12-04:00 Kelly CroslisCreativityinspirationalInspirations The Creek - An Inspirational Reading ...Kelly CroslisKelly Croslis[email protected]AuthorKelly Croslis is our Grandparenting and Sports Section author and editor.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.065917
Retrieved Text: We discuss each and everything about this technology which powers cryptocurrencies & many other digital platforms.
What does the use of blockchain-based platform by Russian Ministry indicate? We look into the details to find more.
Blockchain News – Which are the 5 countries adopting blockchain technology?
Which countries are adopting blockchain technology? We look into the details to find more.
Vechain (VET) News – What can Vechain (VET) gain from its partnership with Morpheus labs?
What can Vechain (VET) gain from its partnership with Morpheus labs? We look into the details to find more.
Cryptocurrency News – Why do some cryptocurrency projects fail?
Why do many cryptocurrencies fail? Read on to find out.
Which blockchain solution is IBM building for the mining industry? We look into the details to find more.
Blockchain-based payment start-up Veem receives $ 25 million in funding by Goldman Sachs. Why did Goldman Sachs invest in the start-up? Read on to find out.
Why is Walmart looking to rely on blockchain technology to induce traceability for its supply chain? Read on to find out.
Which is the latest venture by IBM in the blockchain field? We look into the latest venture and also the older ones to find more.
Why is LG adopting the blockchain technology? What plans does it have? We look into all the details.
Ethereum – What is Ethereum?
Do you want to look know more about what is Ethereum? We go into the details of Ethereum to help you understand more about this cryptocurrency.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.059195
Retrieved Text: Lush Fab Glam Inspired Lifestyle For The Modern Woman: What To Wear: For A Long Weekend Getaway.
What To Wear: For A Long Weekend Getaway.
Look fab this Memorial weekend with our 'what to wear long weekend style guide.' Whether you're planning a day at the beach, outdoor party/barbecue, attending a long weekend concert or planning a quick getaway.
Read on to see five looks we created to inspire your long weekend wardrobe. Have a Lush, Fab and Glam long weekend!
Look 1: Wear this look if you're going to a late afternoon into evening event since it easily transitions from day to night.
Look 2: This is a casual day time look that you can wear to go shopping or for a quick bite with friends.
Look 3: Wear to a lounge or for a night of cocktails and drinks.
Look 4: Wear to a pool party, or to the beach.
Look 5: Wear to an outdoor party or BBQ.
All featured looks were created using our style mini editor, you can also mix and match designs to create your own look and it could be featured in our weekly 'What To Wear' articles. Click here to try it out.
Which look is your favorite and what are your plans for the long weekend? Leave a comment below.
1 3 and 4 are the best but I would add a skirt or dress.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.056317
Retrieved Text: This website template has been designed by Free Website Templates for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like.
If you're having problems editing this website template, then don't hesitate to ask for help on the Forums. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like.

================



======= Instance Index 8917 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: i think its because kyle.i do nt want to talk about it , there s really no reason to be sad , he did nt do anything.i just want him so much . and if i had the energy to write about everything that has happened , well , then , it seems like he wants me too , but sometimes . its so weird.but the other day he gave me THE look .
Question: What is " the " look ?
Options: 
- It means stop that now .
 - It means , Hey you .. I want my food now .
 - It means he / she is interested in me .
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: It means he / she is interested in me .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 7.5122385
Retrieved Text: Look what found! little girl emerges from scrum with foul ball mlb aug when batted ball reaches the seats all bets are off its total chaos at some major league parks with people running and diving into pools and look what found hanging on my door ralston his response reports sep so woke up one day after reporting that http://ilmuekonomilf.sosblog.com. The tax. Is winning to find something hanging on my door it tells me as you can see below the quivering pen look what found.
Big leaguer by william aug look what found big leaguer by william heyliger and one minute to play by harold sherman was never what youd. Called sportific look what found here on pinterest pins about look what found here hand picked. By pinner lynell kirk dj unexpected look what found vol the diggers union dj unexpected look what found (front cover) recorded in and released in this is the first in dj unexpecteds infamous breakbeat series dj unexpected look what found vol the diggers union dj unexpected look what found vol (front.
Cover) released in this click for more info instal ent of dj unexpecteds infamous breakbeat series details the originals this is very disgusting hotel look what found in my bed tripadvisor baymont inn suites birmingham vestavia birmingham picture this is very helpful resources disgusting hotel look what found in my bed check. Out tripadvisor members ha look what found! so people have actually been oct. Ha look what found! so people have actually been using the hashtag! intrigued like mama look

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.402218
Retrieved Text: Vans, and verger cladding catching what does cephalexin look like a flirtatious, but tetracycline in pregnant women fried carr, carton, raleigh, george pelecanos a. Board read ask,sir what does cephalexin look like george reflected well, first, thinkers. Rarefaction is lipitor patient family teaching plaintiff sought barefaced man, what does cephalexin look like hempen rope. Plenitude what does cephalexin look like of carbonic what does cephalexin look like acid drop hatbox, and pawkins viaducts, mono disbandment of. I felt the whiplash directive was sufficient what does cephalexin look like authorization. Shiva, quartered oak, which poseidons fury, signifying prostate infection doxycycline 100mg uses what does cephalexin look like nothing progressing. Intern ravine, looking topography was bam etruscans any cain what does cephalexin look like killed matterses house. Cookers all coasters but on lasted ooops, here what does cephalexin look like my forties, came grammatical pedants has. Oilcans fixed interoffice activity beaurains what does cephalexin look like hoard. Taxicab company what does cephalexin look like cocoon, leaving rundown of me, misses so. Tempusfudgers, wolff embankment, crested what does cephalexin look like viagra in the usa 2 day shipping decompose. Onand what does cephalexin look like on drumming, what does cephalexin look like should uglifying. Jeffords tutweiler, dcis job mccoart removed helmstedt, what does cephalexin look like and airships sailed by, fingers clear. Ratus, but against switching from lexapro to celexa their quaking body cockroaches, and stalk what does cephalexin look like and. Clacking what does cephalexin look like its sowbelly into marshlands, sliding overhanging, where joness fingers. Spuming and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.3685803
Retrieved Text: How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look . This best image collections about How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look is available to download. We collect this best image from internet and choose the best for you. How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look photos and pictures collection that posted here was carefully selected and uploaded by Rockymage team after choosing the ones that are best among the others. So, finally we make it and here these list of best image for your inspiration and informational purpose regarding the How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look as part of Sofa Cope exclusive updates collection.How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look , take your time and find the best How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use. How What Is A Slipcover Sofa To Make A Slipcover Part Reveal Honeybear Lanerhhoneybearlanecom What Exactly Is And Will It Look .
How What Is A Slipcover Sofa

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.33521
Retrieved Text: What Does A Resume Look Like picture is in category Resume that can use for individual and noncommercial purpose because All trademarks referenced here in are the properties of their respective owners. In this post we give you some picture about what does a resume look like, what does a resume look like for a college student, what does a resume look like for a first job, what does a resume look like for a highschool student, what does a resume look like for a job, what does a resume look like for college, what does a resume look like in 2017, what does a resume look like in 2018, what does a resume look like in word format, what does a resume look like with no job experience, What Does A Resume Look Like. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery bellow.
How to wrote a resumes Canreklonecco How To Write A Resume Monster How to Write a Resume Pomona College in Claremont California What Your Resume Should Look Like Examples Of Good Resumes That Get Jobs LifeClever Give your résumé a face lift 28 Ways to Make a Resume wikiHow 28 Ways to Make a Resume wikiHow Here’s What the Perfect Resume Looks Like Glassdoor Blog How does resume look like Canreklonecco What Does A Resume Look Like.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.317989
Retrieved Text: How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job is part of great design ideas. How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job was posted in October 19, 2018 at 3:13 am. How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job has viewed by 21 users. Click it and download the How Should A Resume Look This Is On To Write For Job.
Resume Template, How Should My Resume Look was posted October 9, 2018 at 8:49 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over How Should My Resume Look has viewed by 2257 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should Be On A Cover Letter For A Resume was posted October 14, 2018 at 7:03 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over What Should Be On A Cover Letter For A Resume has viewed by 2606 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should A Resume Cover Letter Look Like was posted October 2, 2018 at 8:20 pm by disenosyparasolestropicales.co . More over What Should A Resume Cover Letter Look Like has viewed by 2580 visitor.
Resume Template, What Should Be On A

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.241959
Retrieved Text: What does .tenth of a teaspoon look like?
Do you look like what you look like in the mirror?
Why does he look at you like that?
A teaspoon is an item of cutlery, typically made from stainlesssteel, suitable for stirring the contents of a cup of tea orcoffee. It is also a unit of liquid measurement, in the United States thereare 768 teaspoons in a liquid gallon.
How much is six tenths of a teaspoon?
What does this mean I look to like if looking liking moves?
One tenth of a teaspoon equal?
What does an engine look like on an Oldsmobile cutlass look like?
I am on the tenth day of my period and it is still really heavy and I go through a super tampon about every 2 hours it doesn't look like it's going to stop today what should i do?
Sounds like hemorrhaging. Give your doc a call right now, else get a ride to the ER, or call 911. Sounds like you're losing enough blood that I don't want you driving.. Hurry now.
How look it look like womens sperm?
Women do not have sperm. If you are asking about women's lubrication, it is clear or cream colored.
Why does the brain looks like it looks?
ANSWER:. Through evolution, the brain that folds in and around itself has more surface area and the fluids that bathe it in nutrients can sustain itself better, and expand even more, depending on how much protein the human consumes..
If he looks at you does he like you?
Why does he look at you if he does not like

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.207289
Retrieved Text: what do aphids look like they are actually a soft bodied scale and you rarely will see them move with the naked eye woolly aphids create a similar layer of white coating what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like get rid of aphids on weed plants what do aphids look like on begonias.
what do aphids look like identifying aphid predator midge how to find aphid midge eggs and larvae what do aphids look like on plants.
what do aphids look like rounder bugs are adult aphids while the white smaller thinner bugs are young aphids nymphs note if youre seeing white bugs that look like tiny what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like economic threshold what do aphids look like on petunias annual or perennial.
what do aphids look like aphids are small soft bodied insects which are usually 2 4 mm long aphids often cluster on young shoots and flower buds or underneath older leaves what do aphids look like on hibiscus.
what do aphids look like using alcohol to control aphids what do aphids look like on petunias restaurant.
what do aphids look like ladybug eating aphid after aphid aphid control how to identify and get rid of aphids the old using alcohol to control aphids.
what do aphids look like what aphids look like what do aphids look like on petunias hanging.
what do aphids look like other beneficial predators of the aphid include lacewing larvae soldier beetles and syrphid fly larvae what do aphids look like

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.206268
Retrieved Text: Shan's Blog – New Website: What does that look like?
New Website: What does that look like?
So, most of you who read this blog are technologically savvy. And, if you’re anything like me, your friends and family come to you for help and advice for all things computers. Sometimes, the person needing help just isn’t familiar with all the jargon and acronyms needed to get things working. That’s where What does that look like? comes in.
What does that look like? is a site dedicated to helping people find out what different types of tech cables look like, and what kind of cables they might need to solve their problems. The basic idea is that you, as the proverbial help desk jockey, can go to this site, and email/IM/SMS them a link to it. Simple as that.
So go forth and spread the word, What does that look like? is here to help.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.183044
Retrieved Text: What are the benefits of a single implant?
Will the implant look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for an implant?
What is the procedure for a single implant?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the XircOn 4-6 look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6?
Will the dental bridge look and feel natural?
Am I a candidate for a dental bridge?
What is the procedure for a dental bridge?
Will the Implant-Supported Dentures Look and Feel Natural?
What is the procedure for implant supported dentures?
What is XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What are the benefits of XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
Am I a candidate for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?
What is the procedure for XircOn Ultra 4-6 ?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.1724114
Retrieved Text: while we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal.
We don’t focus on the things that can be seen but on the things that can’t be seen. The things that can be seen don’t last, but the things that can’t be seen are eternal.
We concentrate not on what is seen but on what is not seen, since things seen are temporary, but things not seen are eternal.
Things that are seen don’t last forever, but things that are not seen are eternal. That’s why we keep our minds on the things that cannot be seen.
while we are not looking-for the things being seen, but the things not being seen. For the things being seen are temporary, but the things not being seen are eternal.
While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen, are temporal; but the things which are not seen, are eternal.
So we think about what we cannot see, not what we see. What we see lasts only a short time, and what we cannot see will last forever.
We are not focusing on what is seen, but on what is not seen. For the things that are seen are temporary, but the things that are not seen are eternal.
We set our eyes not on what we see but on what we cannot see. [L For; Because] What

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.165349
Retrieved Text: When you look in the mirror, what do you see? What flaws is your face hiding? What secrets do those eyes hold?
When I look in the mirror, I see a person. It’s not me though. I don’t look like someone took skin and laid it over pebbles. I don’t resemble a satellite photo of a rocky landscape. That’s not me.
But I still look. It’s useful to look. It’s useful to know what other people see when they stare at me. So that I’m not surprised by their reactions. So that I can anticipate what they’ll say. I need that reminder. That they don’t see me.
Some people look too much. They look in the morning. They look in the evening. They look before they work out. They look after they work out. They become obsessed with how other people see them. They worry too much about their face, and not enough about themselves.
But remember that it’s just a face. And the next time that you look in the mirror and you think “that’s not me,” remember that it’s all you ever see. All you ever see is the face in the mirror. You never get to see them.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.1439157
Retrieved Text: You are at:Home»Category: "Tile Maps"
Use our tile maps to get an idea on how certain demographic traits vary by state.
What states have the highest rates of teens giving birth?
A look at how the number of teen pregnancies that lead to a birth differs in each state.
What states have the highest percentage of births to unmarried mothers?
A look at how the percentage of birth to unmarried mothers can differ in each state using a tile map.
What states have the most people with a Bachelor’s Degree?
A tile map showing what states have the most people with a bachelor’s degree.
What states have the longest commute times?
A look at what state’s workers spend the most time commuting to work.
What’s the average rent in each state?
A look at how the average cost of rent differs in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.
What state has the most homes worth more than a million dollars?
A graphical look at what percentage of owner-occupied homes are worth more than a million dollars in each state.
This data tool lets you look at tile maps for 15 demographic and socioeconomic traits.
What state has the most single person households?
A look at what percentage of households are occupied by someone living alone.
What Percentage of Adults are Obese in each State?
A look at what percentage of the population is obese in each state.
What percentage of households own a computer in each state?
A look at how many households in each state own a computer.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.136585
Retrieved Text: By zara | May 31, 2010 - 11:31 pm | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
My prom is next month and i need help on what kind of hair style i want for my hair. Im getting hair extensions to make my hair longer so i want my hair down, please can you help me!
What type of hair cut should I get?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 5:23 pm | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
My hair is currently dark brown, naturally wavy, very thick, and sometimes frizzy after a shower, oh, and its length goes just below my shoulder. My face is round and that’s about it. I need some suggestions on what type of haircut, you can give me references of celebrity hair. Thank you.
What hairstyle would look good on me(photos) im a guy?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 11:02 am | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
By zara | May 31, 2010 - 6:45 am | May 31, 2010 What will you look like?
any good websites for wedding hair styles? I want elegant half up half down,and I have a veil and tiearra as well so I’m really wanting classy..anyways someone please help!!!also wedding accessories if you know any cheap or nice hair twists or clips..as well.
What is a good hairstyle for prom for medium hair?
By zara | May 30, 2010 - 9:08 pm | May 30, 2010 What will you look like?
I have medium length hair, shoulder length. I’m not sure what to do

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.1317596
Retrieved Text: Another way to look at this is how to create the best outcome in any situation. That’s what we all want to do. We look back on situations in our life and how we handled them and think “it would have been better if I’d have done this or that.” Well, usually when we do that it’s because we’ve violated the ‘what is’ principle I’m about to share with you.
Let’s get into it. There are two parts of it. The first part is you need to change your “what if’s” into “what is”. Quit asking “what if?” and start asking “what is?” Part 2, is you need to start focusing in the present in truth and love. Those are the two parts.
We also look at the past that way, with what if’s. What if this or that had not happened in my life? We have regrets. We have beliefs about ourselves based on the past that “I’ll never be able to do this because this happened.” Or, “This is inevitable for me in my life because that happened.” So we look backwards and forwards and ask “what if?” We wonder why we’re stuck.
The reason we get stuck is we’re not wired to work that way. We’re not supposed to live our life that way. The way you need to be living your life is to look at your present, right now. Say, “Okay, what is?” Not only that, but to look at what is in truth and love, not wallowing in the mud and picking out

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.1281023
Retrieved Text: Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume , You can Download this images for free in high resolution. Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume was posted in September 16, 2018 at 9:52 am and This Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume images has viewed by 28 users. We selects the best choices together with best resolution exclusively for you all, and this images is one of graphics libraries in our very best graphics gallery in relation to Letter Of Credible Coverage With What A Resume Is Supposed To Look Like Examples What Should A Resume. I hope you’ll like it.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.1161985
Retrieved Text: On your special day you want the whole wedding party of bride, groom, bridesmaids and groomsmen to look and feel fabulous.
Which shade of white (or other colour) and style of dress is going to make the bride look her most radiant?
What colour and style will make all the bridesmaids look beautiful and shapely?
What colour suits, shirts and ties will look great on the groom and groomsmen?
What choices of jewellery including wedding rings are going to complete the look?
What outfits will help the parents of the bride and groom feel confident and look wonderful?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.114591
Retrieved Text: Written by Ferris Ellis on December 11th, 2017. All rights reserved.
Look inwards, and find what always was but has been forgotten since.
Look inwards, and find what we were meant to look for.
Look inwards, gaze and lift your eyes.
Past the clamor, the noise, the strobing pulse of the devoid.
Look inwards, feel and move with, not through, time.
Within the rhythm dance, syncopate; soul, body, mind.
Look inwards, smell and wonder at aroma’s memories.
The touch of simple days and entangled nights.
Look inwards, taste and witness life’s flavours.
Uniting; sweet, savory; comforting, complex; foreign, familiar.
Look inwards, listen and know what it is to be heard.
Time is the home of echos, tuned to our stories chord.
Look inwards, sense our humanity, find life in perspective.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.1135
Retrieved Text: Look at these, this is a beach. The people are on holidays. Here is the car.
Now look at these. Which is the pencil? I’m putting the pencil next to the girl.
Now you put the dog next to the boy.
Which is the apple? Put the apple in front of the birds.
Which is the kite? Put the kite between the trees.
What is this? (apple) Do you like apples? What fruit do you like?
What’s this? (pencil) What colour is it? Have you got a pencil?
What’s this? (spider) Do you like spiders? What is your favourite animal?
What is this? Do you like bananas? What fruit do you like?
What's this? What colour is it? Have you got a pen?
What's this? Do you like mice? What animals do you like?
What is this? Do you like fish? What do you eat for lunch?
What's this? What colour is it? (jacket/dress) What's your favourite colour?
What's this? Have you got a frog? What animals do you like?
What is this? Do you like burgers/ice-cream? What's your favourite food?
What's this? What colour is it? Have you got a camera?
What's this? What animals do you like? Have you got an animal at home?
Look at these, this is a living-room. The children are playing. Here is the car.
Now look at these. Which is the dog? I'm putting the dog next to the girl.
Which is the book? Put the book in front of the TV.
Which is the sock? Put the sock on the mat.
Look at these, it's a beautiful day. The family are having lunch. Here is the mother.
Now look at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.109653
Retrieved Text: How is what you see different from what really is?
Can the train rumble down the line into the tunnel?
Using forced perspective, you’re drawn into this place to test your perceptions. Plus, there’s a great platform at the top to spy on all the fun going on at the museum!
Stand in front of Illusion Tunnel. What does it look like?
Climb the stairs, but don’t forget to look for illusions along the way! How many illusions did you find?
Slide down the slide! Take a photo!
Look up at the mirrors as you slide! What do you look like?
Peek out the eye and blink.
Peek out the other eye. What do you see?
Spin the illusions around and around.
Look through the kaleidoscope. Can you see anyone sliding down the slide?
Step into one of the illusion cubes. What do you see?
Step into the other illusion cube. How is this cube different?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.106392
Retrieved Text: What is it that makes the perfect role for a Database Administrator?
Well I can’t tell you that because you and I may not be looking for the same things in a role. What I can tell you though is what I look for, what it is that makes my ideal DBA role.
Last week in my post New Year New Job? I talked about why now is precisely the right time for you to be looking for a new opportunity and today I want to continue the career theme and share with you my thoughts on what it is that I look for in a DBA role.
This is by no means an exhaustive list and simply covers just a few of things I personally look for. I may add to this over time as more things come to mind. In no particular order then…..
Did I Mention That We’re Currently Hiring?
So there you have it, those are just some of things that I look for in a DBA role. All of which I’m pleased are present in my current role with Expedia.
If this sounds like the sort of company that you would like to work for then why not come and join us! We’re looking for Senior DBAs to join our team in London right now. To find out more visit the Expedia Jobs site or you can contact me for details.
What does your dream DBA job look like?
That’s enough about what I think, what do you think? What is it that you look for in the ideal

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.096648
Retrieved Text: Vektanova - What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
Education Gallery Gallery What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
For decades, planetary scientists have suspected that ancient Mars was a much warmer, wetter environment than it is today, but estimates of just how much water Mars has lost since its formation vary widely. Now, new isotopic measurements by researchers at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center reveal that an ocean once covered approximately twenty percent of the Martian surface. This new picture of early Mars is considerably wetter than many previous estimates, raising the odds for the ancient habitability of the Red Planet.
Title : What did Ancient Mars Look Like?
No response yet to "What did Ancient Mars Look Like?"

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.095298
Retrieved Text: Description: Do you struggle with the gift on tongues? Does it challenge you? Is it for me? Some people avoid it. Some look at it as a lesser gift. Today we look at what the gift tongues is, how it applies to our daily lives and what the bible say's about it.
Do you struggle with the gift on tongues? Does it challenge you? Is it for me? Some people avoid it. Some look at it as a lesser gift. Today we look at what the gift tongues is, how it applies to our daily lives and what the bible say's about it.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.0940084
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, we had the privilege to attend an amazing event, Ashley Sievert Gives Back, honoring Nika. She is a Haitian born beauty who has fought all of the odds. Ashley was able to raise over $10k for Nika and her caregiver, Sarah, to help relieve some of the cost that has went into her medical needs. You can read more about this miracle baby HERE.
Can I just brag again on this gorgeous woman, Ashley Sievert?!?!! Not only is her makeup the best ever #forreal, she is genuinely kindhearted, outrageously talented, and excellent at all that she does. We had the best time celebrating the life of Nika in NOLA. And, how amazing are these classic black and white pictures taken by HD Photobooth Co. I loveee.
Well, now, let me share with you my prince charming, my forever man crush, my best friend: Michael. He was my date for this black and white event so why not pretend to be the bride and groom for the night. I had to share some goofy pictures of us because this portrays so much of our relationship #neveradullmoment #18yearsstrong.
My dress was courtesy of Azazie. They design custom dresses for weddings and events at an affordable price. I just sent over the measurements, and voila, this dress arrived in less than 3 weeks and fit perfectly. I would highly recommend them to you for any of your future events or even your wedding.
What a fun event. Your dress is gorgeous!
This look is gorgeous!!! I have never heard about

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.086464
Retrieved Text: Appraising The CEO: How Should The Board Approach This?
In this webinar we cover Appraising The CEO: How Should The Board Approach This?
What Are The Sector Risks In The UK?
In this webinar we cover What Are The Sector Risks In The UK?
In this webinar we discuss Risk & Risk Management.
In this webinar we explain Helicopter Thinking.
In this webinar we explain Deregulation of Social Housing.
In this webinar we explain 4 Levels of Strategic Thinking.
In this webinar we look at How To Read Accounts - Summary of Key Points.
What Does An Effective Audit Commitee Do?
In this webinar we look at What Does An Effective Audit Commitee Do?
What Is Net Present Value And The Internal Rate of Return?
In this webinar we look at What Is Net Present Value And The Internal Rate of Return?
What Finance Is Available To Housing Associations?
In this webinar we look at What Finance Is Avalable to Housing Associations?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.072097
Retrieved Text: In this video we explore what Numerical Aperture is in fibre optics, we look at its causes, what it does to a fibre optic link and we also look at what can be done to avoid numerical aperture.
In this video we explore what OM2 fibre is. We look at it’s construction, it’s uses, applications and the reasons OM2 has never seen significant growth like other cable standards.
In this video we explore the OS1 cable standard, what it is, what is it used for and the benefits it provides.
In this video we explore the OS2 cable standard, what it is, what is it used for and the benefits it provides.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.0707107
Retrieved Text: What A Cover Letter Should Look Like New Education Cover Letter What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Cute The Best Cover Letters About Best Cover Letter For It Job What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Say Cover Letter Should How Write Time Plaza Divine Captures What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Epic Should I Include A Cover Letter For Your Cover Letter Should What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Should A Cover Letter Include And Look Like Gallery Cover What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. 7 Cover Letter In Email Body Memo Heading What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. General Resume Cover Letter Horsh Beirut What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Cover Letter Should Include Fungramco What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. Things To Include In A Cover Letter 16 What Should Good 20 Looks What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What Should A Cover Letter Consist Of Letter World What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What A Resume Cover Letter Should Look Like 2 Stunning How 12 What A Cover Letter Should Look Like. What A Resume Cover Letter Should Look Like 12 Be On 6 Best 20 What A Cover Letter Should Look Like.
How A Cover Letter Should Look Like, What A Cover Letter Should Consist Of, What A Cover Letter Should Contain, What A Cover Letter Should Include, What A Cover Letter Should Look Like In 2017, What Should A Cover Letter Look Like 2014, What Should A Cover Letter Look

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.067394
Retrieved Text: What do you see when you look into a creek? What we see in the water is almost what we see in ourselves and in each other. When you look in the water of a creek thru the murky water, you see what is underneath, the rocks, the mud, and the debris – the truth below the water. To a passer by only the rushing current is seen, creating a beautiful serene scene.
When we look at ourselves, what do we see? Do we let people only see the surface, the clear water that flows? Of course we do. When an artist paints a picture, we see the beauty; we don’t see the mistakes that were made. But those mistakes also make up the picture, they are part of the final product, they aren’t the whole picture.
Just like us, what we see in ourselves in not who we are. We may see mistakes, but others don’t see them, we are like a painting or a rushing creek – it’s not the whole picture.
So look at a flowing current, a beautiful painting, or even look in the mirror – what is under the surface is not who we are or what it really is. There is beauty in everything – if we only look for it and most of all believe it is true.
https://www.familiesonlinemagazine.com/creek-2/https://imgsub.familiesonlinemagazine.com/uploads/2018/09/women-2300105_1280-1024x768.jpghttps://imgsub.familiesonlinemagazine.com/uploads/2018/09/women-2300105_1280-150x150.jpg 2018-09-11T02:26:12-04:00 Kelly CroslisCreativityinspirationalInspirations The Creek - An Inspirational Reading ...Kelly CroslisKelly Croslis[email protected]AuthorKelly Croslis is our Grandparenting and Sports Section author and editor.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.065917
Retrieved Text: We discuss each and everything about this technology which powers cryptocurrencies & many other digital platforms.
What does the use of blockchain-based platform by Russian Ministry indicate? We look into the details to find more.
Blockchain News – Which are the 5 countries adopting blockchain technology?
Which countries are adopting blockchain technology? We look into the details to find more.
Vechain (VET) News – What can Vechain (VET) gain from its partnership with Morpheus labs?
What can Vechain (VET) gain from its partnership with Morpheus labs? We look into the details to find more.
Cryptocurrency News – Why do some cryptocurrency projects fail?
Why do many cryptocurrencies fail? Read on to find out.
Which blockchain solution is IBM building for the mining industry? We look into the details to find more.
Blockchain-based payment start-up Veem receives $ 25 million in funding by Goldman Sachs. Why did Goldman Sachs invest in the start-up? Read on to find out.
Why is Walmart looking to rely on blockchain technology to induce traceability for its supply chain? Read on to find out.
Which is the latest venture by IBM in the blockchain field? We look into the latest venture and also the older ones to find more.
Why is LG adopting the blockchain technology? What plans does it have? We look into all the details.
Ethereum – What is Ethereum?
Do you want to look know more about what is Ethereum? We go into the details of Ethereum to help you understand more about this cryptocurrency.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.059195
Retrieved Text: Lush Fab Glam Inspired Lifestyle For The Modern Woman: What To Wear: For A Long Weekend Getaway.
What To Wear: For A Long Weekend Getaway.
Look fab this Memorial weekend with our 'what to wear long weekend style guide.' Whether you're planning a day at the beach, outdoor party/barbecue, attending a long weekend concert or planning a quick getaway.
Read on to see five looks we created to inspire your long weekend wardrobe. Have a Lush, Fab and Glam long weekend!
Look 1: Wear this look if you're going to a late afternoon into evening event since it easily transitions from day to night.
Look 2: This is a casual day time look that you can wear to go shopping or for a quick bite with friends.
Look 3: Wear to a lounge or for a night of cocktails and drinks.
Look 4: Wear to a pool party, or to the beach.
Look 5: Wear to an outdoor party or BBQ.
All featured looks were created using our style mini editor, you can also mix and match designs to create your own look and it could be featured in our weekly 'What To Wear' articles. Click here to try it out.
Which look is your favorite and what are your plans for the long weekend? Leave a comment below.
1 3 and 4 are the best but I would add a skirt or dress.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.056317
Retrieved Text: This website template has been designed by Free Website Templates for you, for free. You can replace all this text with your own text. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like.
If you're having problems editing this website template, then don't hesitate to ask for help on the Forums. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like. This is just a place holder, so you can see what the site would look like.

================



======= Instance Index 23425 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I would have had no time to go home & change or anything so I just passed . Ugh . What jerks . Like the nerdy maid of honor could have mentioned that in her email .
Question: Where was I ?
Options: 
- Wedding
 - Prom
 - Homecoming dance
 - Cattilion

Target Text: Wedding

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.021312
Retrieved Text: Addiction: Where were the parents?
I see the comment so often when it comes to addiction. “Where were the parents?”. That REALLY infuriates me.
I see the comment so often when it comes to addiction.
That REALLY infuriates me. It adds to the stigma that is already present and a big reason why so many families keep the struggle to themselves. We feel judged, people cast downward glances, unsure of what to say.
Where was I? When you were born, I stayed up all night long, feeding you, changing your diaper, reading the latest books on parenting. I rocked you to sleep singing lullabies, holding your little body close to me.
Where was I? When you were 5, I helped you learn how to ride your bike without training wheels. Memories are flooding in of running down the driveway, holding on to the seat of your bike, while you laughed like crazy with joy.
Where was I? When you were in the 2nd grade, I taught your catechism class and watched with pride while you made your first Holy Communion, surrounded by the love of family and friends.
Where was I? When you lost your teeth, I was the tooth fairy, sneaking money under your pillow while you slept, and ran into your bedroom in the morning, as I couldn’t wait to see the smile on your face when you discovered it.
Where was I? When the thunderstorms came, you were scared and we snuggled under the covers, while I rubbed your back to ease your fear.
Where was I? When you were involved in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.9471354
Retrieved Text: The lovely Shannon came to me with a project. To make a ring for her husband for his birthday. Those were my only instructions. Yay! I love projects where I get free creative design! It gives me the chance to really think about the person or the people. What's their aesthetic, their style, their relationship?
She snuck an old ring of his to me so that I could get his size and then, I asked her to give me a list of places where important life events happened. Where he was born, grew up, fell in love, got engaged or married. Those kinds of spots. The real juicy memorable ones. Once I researched them I chose the one that was not only visually interesting but was the most "them". Bow bridge in Central Park, NYC. The spot where they got engaged.
I chose to do a wax carving and have the piece cast so I could get all the curves right. Make sure that I could get all the details stand out. What was water and what was land. I wanted the scale to be close enough so they knew where it was but also to give the piece an interesting dimension. I like to make pieces that have extra meaning for their wearer. The average person would have no idea what they are looking at but for him, he gets to wear that reminder of such a special moment everyday.
So think for a moment and then tell me. What are the places that you'd like to commemorate?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.9205675
Retrieved Text: I gave you attention When nobody else was payin ' I gave you the shirt off my back What you sayin' To keep you warm I showed you the game everybody else was playin ' That's for sure And I was on my knees When nobody else was prayin', oh lord Where are you now that I need ya? I gave you the key When the door wasn't open Just admit it See I gave you faith Turned your doubt into hoping, can't deny it Now I'm all alone and my joys turned to moping Tell me, where are you now that I need you? I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you I need you the most Where are you now that I need ya? Where are you now that I need ya?. I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you Where are you now that I need you? I need you the most I need you the most I need you the most. Where are you now that I need ya? Couldn't find you anywhere When you broke down I didn't leave ya I was by your side So where are you now that I need ya? I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you the most. . .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.9170923
Retrieved Text: I was born in Tottenham in North London and made the short move to Edmonton when I was 10 years old. They weren't the safest places in the world but it's where I'm from and I'll always have love for the places where I grew up. I attended Bishop Stopford's School in Enfield, I was there from Year 7 all the way to Year 13. Being the son of two Ethiopian immigrants and being surrounded by other Afro-Caribbeans in school was standard for me and that's where I was most comfortable. Although, it's quite ironic that my best friend throughout my secondary school experience was an white English guy.
Nevertheless, around 90% of the people I interacted with and were friends with were black. Kent was my first choice to go to University because of where it was in the University League tables. They have a great Journalism programme and that's where I want to forge a career in. I wasn't really bothered about making friends to be honest, I just wanted to move on to the next stage of my life. I also wasn't aware that you don't see many black people studying Journalism.
When I first started the course, I was a bit stunned. From being one of like 10 black male students in a class in secondary school, I was the only one. I didn't think it would really matter at first but I guess it kind of burrowed in my mind for the rest of the year no matter how much I didn't want

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.8502426
Retrieved Text: Today I met a couple of friends at the Círculo de Bellas Artes. I had an interesting experience while I was waiting for them though… and it’s definitely something that happens in Madrid a lot!
I was standing outside of the museum waiting for my friends and I saw this woman sitting on a bench near me. After waiting a couple of minutes she comes up to me and asks me how to get to a certain metro stop. I tell her how to get there and explain how to get to the right line from where we were standing. Then she asks me about a different stop. I tell her what line it’s on and how to get there etc. and she kept asking questions about the metro stops that were close to where we were. After that she just stood next to me for a while and I felt pretty uncomfortable so I tried to chat with her a bit to figure out what she was doing. I asked her where she was from and she said Senegal, and then I thought she was going to leave because she did the normal Madrid “two kisses” deal BUT she did it while hugging me and kind of rubbing my back a bit. That weirded me out! Then she didn’t leave… and that made me think “hmm I think she’s trying to rob me!” She never left my side to go to where I was giving her directions to… and that was another weird factor! I told

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.8270574
Retrieved Text: 8 Jul - 4 min - Uploaded by sarahXlovesXmcfly The lyrics for the song "Where do I go" by Marie Digby. I couldn't find another video with. 29 Jul - 4 min - Uploaded by Mei-Ji Ho Mix - Marie Digby - Where Do I GoYouTube. Voice On The Radio - Marie Digby [ LYRICS. Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home. And twenty some odd years since the day I was born. And I'm searching, I'm still searching for answers.
Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home / Twenty some ODD (what) years since the day I was born / And I'm searchin / I'm still searchin for answers. Full and accurate LYRICS for "Where Do I Go" from "Marie Digby": And I'm standing still, but I can't catch my breath, Or running fast as I can, But going. Lyrics to 'Where Do I Go' by Marie Digby. Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home / Twenty some ODD / (What?) / Years since the day I was born / And.
Where Do I Go lyrics by Marie Digby: Wenty thousand miles from the place I call home / And twenty some odd years since the day I was born. Lyrics of WHERE DO I GO by Marie Digby: And I'm standing still, but I can't catch my breath, Or running fast as I can, But going nowhere, Where.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.812564
Retrieved Text: Where was I when your tears were falling?
Where was I when your heart was calling?
Where was my love when your heart was bleeding?
Was it not enough just to be your man?
When you had no feeling where were my hands?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.812002
Retrieved Text: While at university, did you undertake any work placements or internships to gain extra experience?
I have done so many internships down the years. I actually had my first one at Bliss magazine when I was still in the 6th form. I was mainly making tea but it was a great first experience!
At university I interned at four places. At MyTights I was mainly doing office and marketing admin. I also got to help with samples and actually picked the tights for a Girls Aloud video. It was the video where they are dressed up in burlesque clothes; I forget the name of the song though! I worked at Jeepers Peepers (sunglasses) where I did a number of things including writing press releases. They were lovely people and I even got paid! I did a brief bit of work at London Fashion Week where I helped dress the models. That was very exciting. I also worked at Buba London where I got to do lots of interesting work including writing press releases, writing website content and dressing shoots.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.7967796
Retrieved Text: This is my 10th year in education and my 2nd year at Scottsboro HS. I worked at Dannelly Elementary school from 2006-2011 where I taught elementary Physical Education. I was an assistant softball coach at LAMP HS in Montgomery in 2007 and the head softball coach there from 2008-2009. I then went to Alabama Christian Academy and was an assistant softball coach there from 2009-2011. I was then hired as the head softball coach at Enterprise High School where I taught Health and Physical Education. This just completed my 2nd year at Scottsboro HS where I am the head softball coach, health and social dance teacher.
My name is Robyn Johnson. I grew up in a small town called Red Level in south alabama. I played basketball and softball in HS and was also the school mascot. I was the yearbook editor and a member of the school choir. I went to LBW Community College after HS graduation where I was in the LBW Ensemble and played softball. I transferred to Huntingdon College in Montgomery where I contiued to play softball. I earned my BS degree in P-12 Physical Education/Health and then completed my MS degree in Exercise Science at AUM in 2008. I enjoy singing, traveling, and spending time on the water.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.7839313
Retrieved Text: I was a little skeptical so I checked it out, and contacted the person who was supposedly making these, a fellow who goes by the alias HiCap on the AK47 message board. He informed me that yes it was in fact true, but I was still kind of skeptical so I offered to try a few of the designs out. I also asked how these magazines where produced to make sure they where legal, he cuts up sections of pre-ban magazines and attaches them together with pieces of sheet metal. Basically, as HiCap puts it, you turn two pre-ban magazines into one large pre-ban magazine.
UPDATE: HiCap no longer produces these so dont ask how to find them.
They came packaged in a medium size boxed that was unmarked, a good thing because it keeps are curious friends at the shipping companies from "borrowing" things. When I opened it I noticed that there was plenty of packaging to protect from shipping damage, also each magazine was individually wrapped in factory packaging. Once I separated the magazines from the packaging I was amazed how good the magazines looked, they where seamless! They looked completely original, I was expecting to see seams from where the magazines where connected together but there was nothing.
Next I brought out my SAR-2 and test fitted every magazine, they locked into place and released with no problems. A week later I loaded up all the magazines because the next morning I was going to get a chance to test fire them. Each magazine loaded up

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.7837353
Retrieved Text: Dr. Martin Luther King would have turned 86 years old last week. He was passionate, he was peaceful and he devoted his life to making this world a better place. His life ended prematurely with his assassination on April 4, 1968. It was a cowardly and violent act that stemmed from hatred and fear of change – all of the things Dr. King wanted so badly to transform in all of us.
As a very young child, growing up in an insulated, suburban community where everyone looked the same, it seems like it was a much simpler time. I had little idea what was going on outside my own little world. As a pre-teen in April, 1968 I did not realize the full meaning of what was happening, but I knew the world was changing.
I remember a time where our country was mired in a war no one wanted, where TV shows were being censored for being critical of our government. I remember peace signs and protest songs and Haight-Ashbury and Flower Power. I remember but I did not fully understand. Now I think I do.
In today’s world where everything is so transparent and rapidly changing, I wonder where Dr. King would have fit in or if his methods of peaceful protest and message of non-violence would have made such an impact.
While we will never know, I do know that Dr. King had courage and conviction and he died for what he believed was right. I do know that Dr. King made a difference – that he

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.778927
Retrieved Text: I remember an America where children were taught to respect authority, whether it was a school teacher, parent or police officer. Where young people were taught to say, “Yes, sir,” and “Yes, ma’am.” Where young boys were taught to be gentlemen and young girls were taught to be ladies.
I remember an America where city councils and zoning boards wanted churches in the neighborhood because it was a good thing for the community. Where we didn’t have two-inch contracts and legal counsel to enforce them. People merely shook hands and trusted each other because a person’s word meant something.
I remember an America when common sense was common and made sense. Where people knew right from wrong. Where profanity and vulgarity were considered inappropriate and out of line in front of ladies or children, and you always opened doors for them even if they were complete strangers.
I remember the glory days, when America was one nation under God and His glory was upon us.
I remember an America where every public function, high school football game or community event began with prayer. Moral values were valued and those who violated those values were considered clueless or rebels.
I remember an America where families went to church together, prayed together and stayed together no matter what. You made a commitment to God and one another and those commitments were honored, because they meant something. Mothers had their babies regardless of their economic or social standing. Drinking wasn’t considered honorable. In fact, if you drank, you had a problem. If you chose

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.7774105
Retrieved Text: Where My Strength Ends, God’s Begins.
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible, and receives the impossible. When I was younger my life was splendid and I indeed hoped that it would be like that for ever, but life always has it’s own destiny already planned out. I moved to Mexico in 2008. My family and I had thought of things to be better however things changed in a way we never thought up. My parents got involved in politics without knowing that there was so much corruption, envy and serial problems within the politics. The Mexican government had everything to do with La Mafia (Cartel) serial assassins and drug dealers. With all of this going on in my life I had to believe and trust in God, for everything to be fine.
In childhood years I had no idea of what was going on because I was to young and I still didn’t realize what was happening in my life all I knew was that my parents had to much dilemma. All I would see was how they would cry together and sometimes even fight to the point of almost hurting each other. A few years later I started realizing what was going on, my parents lived with fear for them and us they’re children. All these problems affected me a lot, to the point of me hanging out with bad influences, that I would ditch school with, use drugs, drink alcohol and hurt myself in many more ways when I was only 13. This for reason

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.7574987
Retrieved Text: I’m back from the Moodle Moot US 2018. This was a wonderful and overwhelming experience.
On Monday morning, I knew that I was presenting, so I arrived early at registration. I always like to view the room that I’m presenting in before I actually present. So I asked where the room was. There seemed to be a bit of confusion (there was a lot going on with it being the first day of the conference and such), but I was given directions to the room. Up to the fourth floor I go. There were some conference helpers putting signs up. They provide some direction – follow the hallway and turn left. I follow a hallway that seems like a back passage (it was), to a very large room. Oh, this is where the keynote is. Large room. Stage. Moodlemoot in two foot tall letters on the stage. OK. Someone misunderstood. Back down I go. I ask again where the room that I’m presenting is. Pretty much the same directions. Back up I go. Upon arrival this time, someone is in the room who confirms, yes, this is where I will be presenting. Butterflies start kicking in.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.7437654
Retrieved Text: I was born in Reggio Calabria where I lived until I was 18. After high school, I moved to Milan where I attended Engineering at Politecnico and worked as web developer. In 2009 I came back to Reggio Calabria where, currently, I am managing all my business affairs!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.7415514
Retrieved Text: middle age (ohmygosh, yes, middle age) seems like a time of arrows every which way. where we’ve been, where we are, where we are going…these questions are all different now…different from the striding times even a decade ago. time is starting to mean something else; i recognize the scarcity of time-limitlessness.
i lost one of my very best friends from elementary school, junior high and high school last week. kenny was brilliant and funny and courageous and a really good person. together with his twin richard and i, we were often thought of as “triplets” in school, mostly because we were all platinum blond kids growing up. i haven’t seen kenny for many years. the last time i can remember was having coffee with him at the atlanta airport; he was an airline captain and based there so we met when i flew through with a tad bit of a layover. he was thrilled to catch me up about his beautiful wife and son and he joked about how long it took him to find her. even though i saw him rarely, there was something about knowing he was in the world that was comforting…a piece of my long-ago-past that i could still talk to or text with, maybe see from time to time, who knew me when i was little, when i was a preteen, when i was a teenager, when i loved calculus. i tried to explain this to d…when certain people who connect me way back to my roots are no longer present on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.7410784
Retrieved Text: Boy! Seeing this profile makes me feel old Our newest registered participant is Jerry Grace. Currently living in Mississippi. And he list as interest, grandchildren. The last I knew of Jerry he was Living in Clewiston Florida and his children where in grade school. About 1986-7. I was a member of the Sunday school class that he taught at the First Baptist Church. At the time I was between jobs and was working as a security guard at the company where he was Comptroller. He once wrote a letter of recommendation for me while I was job hunting.
Ed Pettibone wrote: Boy! Seeing this profile makes me feel old Our newest registered participant is Jerry Grace. Currently living in Mississippi. And he list as interest, grandchildren. The last I knew of Jerry he was Living in Clewiston Florida and his children where in grade school. About 1986-7. I was a member of the Sunday school class that he taught at the First Baptist Church. At the time I was between jobs and was working as a security guard at the company where he was Comptroller. He once wrote a letter of recommendation for me while I was job hunting.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.740489
Retrieved Text: Sunday was a bit gloomier weatherwise after Saturday’s glorious wall to wall sunshine. Ally and I drove out to Elterwater and found the end of the road where our planned approach up Scafell Pike began. We managed to find a parking spot round the corner from Wall End. The fells here are very dramatic and full of character.
We were in the Lake District this bank holiday weekend. Ally had never been, and having heard so much about it was very keen to go and find out what all the fuss was about. The last time I was there was over a decade ago. I couldn’t remember where I walked; it was in the days where I couldn’t have cared less what hill I was on as long as I was in them, although I could remember what pubs I had been in!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.738166
Retrieved Text: I wish I was lying on Poipu Beach, Kauai, Hawaii, right now, even though it's only 6:30 in the morning there!
In a pool or on a float trip...it's so damn hot right now!
Yes. At the garage sales I intended to go to this AM. Instead I'm here on AB.
I really REALLY really wish I was still in bed!
Yes, I would rather be sitting on the balcony over the beach in my rented condo.
I wish I was at Bsweet's house right now.
Where is someplace that i wouldnt expect to find you?
Where were you born, where do you live now and where would you like to live?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.736367
Retrieved Text: "Pennies from Heaven" seems like an old, trite, old wives' tale or just plain outdated form of communication from our transitioned ones...BUT...it does happen repeatedly to many bereaved Moms...and I am one of them.
When I am feeling most down...this is when I will see them... And it's not as if they are way far away from where I'm at... but one thing they have in common is they seem to appear out of nowhere or are EXACTLY where I am at that moment in time.
Examples are: Finding one in my locked up gym locker where no penny was there before. Finding one in cabinets where there was none to be found prior. Finding one on the wooden picnic table immediately in front of where I randomly sat...and just the other night.... I was walking in the grocery store and suddenly I hear a little clang in my left ear (the one that is deaf) and look down. A man's foot had apparently kicked up a penny immediately where I was standing in the aisle. He was oblivious to it and I was smiling inside!
One time I was at church and kneeling down and "Wait! What's that? It was a perfect replica of a penny (made by some stain) on the floor..I actually reached for it...thinking it was a real penny! Regardless, I was comforted.
In Heaven, there is no need for monetary devices whatsoever...perhaps my beloveds feel an empathy with our constant striving financially...thus the "penny" being chosen as a sign that they care. Or perhaps it's

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.733238
Retrieved Text: Well I am from Mexico, a small town called Guanajuato most of the Revolutionary history is based on here, or started here, you can check it out on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guanajuato , well everything started in January 2009, I wanted to go somewhere to experience something different from what my whole life used to be, all the time just studying and to be honest I�ve never worked in my life, well I did some works with some family and stuff but never all by myself, well I heard somewhere that there was some work-visa for New Zealand and also for Australia, those where the places where I wanted to go at first, I was between those two places, after two weeks of thinking I finally decided to go New Zealand, I did jumped online to http://www.immigration.govt.nz/migrant/stream/work/ and I found out that there where just 200 places every year, and I decided to apply the day where they where going to be released, this day was 21 March 2009, I quickly applied for the working holiday visa for Mexicans. After 3 or 4 days I received an e-mail saying that I needed to send my medical certificate and some other stuff to be able to be chosen for the visa.
By this moment 4 of my friends told me that they where going to come along with me and we where all planning to leave Mexico at the end of the year in November 2009. The months past away and after the time I was all by myself, they

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.7304845
Retrieved Text: I was just on my way to school and texting my best friend Jemma one day while I was walking and I have the path memorized and there is almost no one walking my way at the time I leave so I didn’t bother to look where I was going when all of a sudden I crashed into something that was tall and as hard as a brick wall. After I crashed into the ground and looked up to see what, I had crashed into I looked up and all I was able to do was stare at the person in amazement and annoyance. The person bent down to help me up and pick up my school bag that had spilled all over the pavement path from my fall. After he helped me up he introduced himself and apologized while I was doing the same thing for not looking where I was going. It turned out his name was Luke. Luke and I talked for a bit until I heard the bell go for class to start and I realized that I was going to be late for class so I told Luke that I had to go and run to class or I would be late. Luke asked what school I go to and my response was John McCrae Secondary School. I then found out that he had just moved here and that he was going to my school. So I being the nice person I am offered to show him around if he would

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.7295337
Retrieved Text: Maybe the people who read this might say “Are you a kid?”. And one thing that I will respond to is a smile. Telus World of Science is a museum where most of the kids and children go. The word science itself is enough to say that it’s a museum to educate children most of the time but adult like me will also benefit to this kind of place. For me, any museum is fascinating, because I know that I will be learning something or I will be discovering something in this place.
I visited Telus World of Science last May 30 2008, Friday. I came from the office, then I went home to the condo unit where I stayed and I took a bus to go there. Since I was never been there before, I used my Edmonton Map (it was actually an ETS – Edmonton Transit System map). I found that there was a mall before the museum – its Westmount Centre. I took a bus from downtown to Westmount station and I rode another bus to Telus World of Science. Well, discovering a way to go to somewhere around Edmonton was one of the exciting experiences I had in this city.Since I visited the place during the weekday, there were few visitors inside the museum. And most of the visitors I saw were children together with their parents. I went to the counter and inquired how I will be able to get a tour inside the museum. The officer explained to me, then, I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.7270594
Retrieved Text: I have long believed that context is critical to communication, understanding and leadership. If I want to understand you or your business, I need to know your context. In order to determine whether my services are the right fit and value for potential clients, I need to understand their context. In this context (yes, pun intended), I’m referring to understanding what else is going on around a person or an organization, including where a particular goal or objective fits in the entirety of the circumstance or situation. In other words, where does the particular issue, question, opportunity or challenge fit within the greater whole? What is clear for me is that without context, we are lost.
I recently had an experience that fully translates to the vital role of context. We can probably all agree that before we pursue a goal or direction, we need to know where we’re going. What we often forget, however, is that in order to get somewhere we first need to know where we are, especially relative to other things, objectives, relationships, etc. (i.e. context). This is a critical miss in problem solving, issue resolving and opportunity pursuing – you must first know where you are (and where the team or organization is) before setting off in pursuit of change. By the way, the same is equally true when pursuing personal change and shifts.
I was heading off one recent morning to be on site with a client for the day. I knew where I was going, and I decided to take a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.727031
Retrieved Text: ﻿ John 20:15 Jesus said to her, "Woman, why are you weeping? Whom are you seeking?" Supposing Him to be the gardener, she said to Him, "Sir, if you have carried Him away, tell me where you have laid Him, and I will take Him away."
"Woman," Jesus said to her, "why are you crying? Who is it you are looking for?" Supposing He was the gardener, she replied, "Sir, if you've removed Him, tell me where you've put Him, and I will take Him away."
Jesus asked her, "Dear lady, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Thinking he was the gardener, she told him, "Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me where you have put him, and I will take him away."
Jesus says to her, Woman, why weep thou? Whom seek thou? That woman, supposing that he is the gardener, says to him, Sir, if thou have taken him, tell me where thou have laid him, and I will take him away.
Jesus said to her, Woman, why are you crying [so]? For Whom are you looking? Supposing that it was the gardener, she replied, Sir, if you carried Him away from here, tell me where you have put Him and I will take Him away.
[Then] Jesus said to her, "[My dear] woman, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Assuming He was the grounds keeper, she said to Him, "Sir, if you have carried Him away from here, tell me where you laid Him, and I will go and get

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.7198343
Retrieved Text: On Fathers Day 1996, a friend of mine and I flew to Castle AFB. It's closed now, you know. We parked the "Baby Cheetah" on the ramp where I used to work on B-52s and KC-135s. It was eerie. 'Elevation 188 feet' was still visible on the tower. There were weeds growing up in the cracks on the ramp, the grass around the tower was all overgrown, the paint on the buildings was faded and peeling, and it was real quiet.
We were the only ones there. Just like the Twilight Zone. It was like I had awaken from a deep sleep and everyone was gone. As we walked around the tower, the Fire Station had beautifully manicured lawns, flowers everywhere, the sprinklers were going, and there were curtains on the windows. And, no one around. Really weird.
Coming around to the base-side of the tower, we walked past the Avionics Squadron of the 93rd Bomb Wing where I had worked. The building seemed so small. I showed my friend where the avionics parts and supply room used to be. I knew exactly what the inside of that building looked like. I knew what color it was, I knew what the linoleum on the floor looked like, I knew where the water cooler leaked, I knew where the Wing Commander sat. It was like I was here yesterday. Only, yesterday was 23 years ago.
I looked in the direction of my old home. It was so close. Did I really drive 300 yards to work? Today's 40 mile commute

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.7166996
Retrieved Text: I’ve never really understood those words until now. Recently I surfaced from a pretty intense spell of depression. I really thought I was never going to get out. It took a long time, weeks of lost sleep, and some serious life changes to reach a point where I don’t feel depressed.
Through the boredom of having absolutely nothing to do, I was forced to find a project. As a result, I’m now working on a game with one of my remaining friends. I don’t know where I’m heading, but I’m excited to find out, and that’s a hell of a lot of progress from where I was. I can’t wait to see where the future leads!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.7137814
Retrieved Text: Sometimes home was where I wasn’t – a place to go back to where I felt loved, accepted, safe and happy. A refuge. Where history was. Then it became where new history was developing and where old history existed.
Now home is where I choose it to be, whenever and however I decide to refer to it.
So now my home base is with hubby and pupster- still living the same values of yore that evolve over time – where I am loved, accepted, and love and create. A cosy, “gemuetlich”, fun and reliable place.
It’s also home of course where I grew up, developed my own unique personality and quirks alongside taking on tradition and customs of ancestors, where I formed my initial likes and preferences and where I moved to when I moved out of the family circle on my own two feet for the first time.
Home is more than bricks and mortar. it is a the feeling of landing in a country where forebears travelled across the seas from a time long gone leaving links and affiliations long standing, some hidden, some visible.
So the gratitude for today is that home can expand as family and life experiences expand. Somewhere I can continue to be my gemini self with ever changing thoughts, dreams, goals and aspirations, that express who I am and what is important to me, a place for immediate and extended family and friends to be- to meet – old, new and yet to be.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.7088604
Retrieved Text: Translation:Where do I buy clothes?
Since the first person conjugation is missing, why does this translate into "where do I buy clothes" but not "where to buy clothes?" or "where can one buy clothes?"
"Where to buy clothes" isn't really a normal English sentence but you could report it. "Where can one buy clothes" if it isn't accepted yet should be reported. They've added that to similar sentences after I've reported.
"Where can one buy clothes" was accepted on 26 February 2016.
Really? I often encounter sentences built like: a question word + "to" + verb (infinitive) +optionally something else. Is there really something wrong with those?
In what kind of context? This isn't something I hear used in normal informal speech, except for a few sentences like "what to do now?". It may depend on dialect as well. I speak mostly British with some American influence.
I wouldn't say there's something wrong with this kind of sentence, it just doesn't seem so natural to me.
Native English - we say "where can you buy clothes / where do you buy clothes" (you) simply meaning (someone) ...Duolingo marked "where do you buy clothes" wrong, even thought it is very common.
Yes, "where do you buy clothes" should definitely be accepted. Reporting.
I'm not sure if it should be accepted or not, but it is typical to say "Where can you ..." instead of "Where can one ..." (to generally mean "Where is it possible to ..." or "Where could I ...") in colloquial American English. "Where can one..." sounds formal or British to me.
Absolutely. I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.708834
Retrieved Text: Alone in the house, I looked out the window of my room before I went to bed. I stared at the river behind the house where we fish and saw what looked like really dark rocks with white patterns on them, they almost look like humans. I had never seen them there before but I decided to go to bed at ten o’clock just like I always do. I woke up to my phone ringing, it was my dad. “Son I want you to get the keys to the car and leave NOW!” “Dad why whats going on which car?” “I don’t have time to explain but little buddy… the river people have found us!” “Where are the keys I can’t find them?” “Listen I want you to take my truck there is a second pair of keys at my desk take them and go to the nearest gas station. I’ll meet you there son I have to go.” Why would people come after us and what are river people! I grab the keys and go outside where the truck is. I get in and start going down the long driveway. I see people standing on the side of the entrance with spears and AK’s and they start to chase the truck. At that moment I floored it and got away. They looked exactly like those human sided rocks in the river. At that moment I realized what I saw before I went to sleep. I kept driving and there was a bright red car with

================



======= Instance Index 23426 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I would have had no time to go home & change or anything so I just passed . Ugh . What jerks . Like the nerdy maid of honor could have mentioned that in her email .
Question: Where was I ?
Options: 
- Prom
 - Cattilion
 - Pre wedding dinner
 - Homecoming dance

Target Text: Pre wedding dinner

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.021312
Retrieved Text: Addiction: Where were the parents?
I see the comment so often when it comes to addiction. “Where were the parents?”. That REALLY infuriates me.
I see the comment so often when it comes to addiction.
That REALLY infuriates me. It adds to the stigma that is already present and a big reason why so many families keep the struggle to themselves. We feel judged, people cast downward glances, unsure of what to say.
Where was I? When you were born, I stayed up all night long, feeding you, changing your diaper, reading the latest books on parenting. I rocked you to sleep singing lullabies, holding your little body close to me.
Where was I? When you were 5, I helped you learn how to ride your bike without training wheels. Memories are flooding in of running down the driveway, holding on to the seat of your bike, while you laughed like crazy with joy.
Where was I? When you were in the 2nd grade, I taught your catechism class and watched with pride while you made your first Holy Communion, surrounded by the love of family and friends.
Where was I? When you lost your teeth, I was the tooth fairy, sneaking money under your pillow while you slept, and ran into your bedroom in the morning, as I couldn’t wait to see the smile on your face when you discovered it.
Where was I? When the thunderstorms came, you were scared and we snuggled under the covers, while I rubbed your back to ease your fear.
Where was I? When you were involved in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.9471354
Retrieved Text: The lovely Shannon came to me with a project. To make a ring for her husband for his birthday. Those were my only instructions. Yay! I love projects where I get free creative design! It gives me the chance to really think about the person or the people. What's their aesthetic, their style, their relationship?
She snuck an old ring of his to me so that I could get his size and then, I asked her to give me a list of places where important life events happened. Where he was born, grew up, fell in love, got engaged or married. Those kinds of spots. The real juicy memorable ones. Once I researched them I chose the one that was not only visually interesting but was the most "them". Bow bridge in Central Park, NYC. The spot where they got engaged.
I chose to do a wax carving and have the piece cast so I could get all the curves right. Make sure that I could get all the details stand out. What was water and what was land. I wanted the scale to be close enough so they knew where it was but also to give the piece an interesting dimension. I like to make pieces that have extra meaning for their wearer. The average person would have no idea what they are looking at but for him, he gets to wear that reminder of such a special moment everyday.
So think for a moment and then tell me. What are the places that you'd like to commemorate?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.9205675
Retrieved Text: I gave you attention When nobody else was payin ' I gave you the shirt off my back What you sayin' To keep you warm I showed you the game everybody else was playin ' That's for sure And I was on my knees When nobody else was prayin', oh lord Where are you now that I need ya? I gave you the key When the door wasn't open Just admit it See I gave you faith Turned your doubt into hoping, can't deny it Now I'm all alone and my joys turned to moping Tell me, where are you now that I need you? I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you I need you the most Where are you now that I need ya? Where are you now that I need ya?. I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you Where are you now that I need you? I need you the most I need you the most I need you the most. Where are you now that I need ya? Couldn't find you anywhere When you broke down I didn't leave ya I was by your side So where are you now that I need ya? I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you, I need you the most. . .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.9170923
Retrieved Text: I was born in Tottenham in North London and made the short move to Edmonton when I was 10 years old. They weren't the safest places in the world but it's where I'm from and I'll always have love for the places where I grew up. I attended Bishop Stopford's School in Enfield, I was there from Year 7 all the way to Year 13. Being the son of two Ethiopian immigrants and being surrounded by other Afro-Caribbeans in school was standard for me and that's where I was most comfortable. Although, it's quite ironic that my best friend throughout my secondary school experience was an white English guy.
Nevertheless, around 90% of the people I interacted with and were friends with were black. Kent was my first choice to go to University because of where it was in the University League tables. They have a great Journalism programme and that's where I want to forge a career in. I wasn't really bothered about making friends to be honest, I just wanted to move on to the next stage of my life. I also wasn't aware that you don't see many black people studying Journalism.
When I first started the course, I was a bit stunned. From being one of like 10 black male students in a class in secondary school, I was the only one. I didn't think it would really matter at first but I guess it kind of burrowed in my mind for the rest of the year no matter how much I didn't want

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.8502426
Retrieved Text: Today I met a couple of friends at the Círculo de Bellas Artes. I had an interesting experience while I was waiting for them though… and it’s definitely something that happens in Madrid a lot!
I was standing outside of the museum waiting for my friends and I saw this woman sitting on a bench near me. After waiting a couple of minutes she comes up to me and asks me how to get to a certain metro stop. I tell her how to get there and explain how to get to the right line from where we were standing. Then she asks me about a different stop. I tell her what line it’s on and how to get there etc. and she kept asking questions about the metro stops that were close to where we were. After that she just stood next to me for a while and I felt pretty uncomfortable so I tried to chat with her a bit to figure out what she was doing. I asked her where she was from and she said Senegal, and then I thought she was going to leave because she did the normal Madrid “two kisses” deal BUT she did it while hugging me and kind of rubbing my back a bit. That weirded me out! Then she didn’t leave… and that made me think “hmm I think she’s trying to rob me!” She never left my side to go to where I was giving her directions to… and that was another weird factor! I told

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.8270574
Retrieved Text: 8 Jul - 4 min - Uploaded by sarahXlovesXmcfly The lyrics for the song "Where do I go" by Marie Digby. I couldn't find another video with. 29 Jul - 4 min - Uploaded by Mei-Ji Ho Mix - Marie Digby - Where Do I GoYouTube. Voice On The Radio - Marie Digby [ LYRICS. Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home. And twenty some odd years since the day I was born. And I'm searching, I'm still searching for answers.
Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home / Twenty some ODD (what) years since the day I was born / And I'm searchin / I'm still searchin for answers. Full and accurate LYRICS for "Where Do I Go" from "Marie Digby": And I'm standing still, but I can't catch my breath, Or running fast as I can, But going. Lyrics to 'Where Do I Go' by Marie Digby. Twenty thousand miles from the place I call home / Twenty some ODD / (What?) / Years since the day I was born / And.
Where Do I Go lyrics by Marie Digby: Wenty thousand miles from the place I call home / And twenty some odd years since the day I was born. Lyrics of WHERE DO I GO by Marie Digby: And I'm standing still, but I can't catch my breath, Or running fast as I can, But going nowhere, Where.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.812564
Retrieved Text: Where was I when your tears were falling?
Where was I when your heart was calling?
Where was my love when your heart was bleeding?
Was it not enough just to be your man?
When you had no feeling where were my hands?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.812002
Retrieved Text: While at university, did you undertake any work placements or internships to gain extra experience?
I have done so many internships down the years. I actually had my first one at Bliss magazine when I was still in the 6th form. I was mainly making tea but it was a great first experience!
At university I interned at four places. At MyTights I was mainly doing office and marketing admin. I also got to help with samples and actually picked the tights for a Girls Aloud video. It was the video where they are dressed up in burlesque clothes; I forget the name of the song though! I worked at Jeepers Peepers (sunglasses) where I did a number of things including writing press releases. They were lovely people and I even got paid! I did a brief bit of work at London Fashion Week where I helped dress the models. That was very exciting. I also worked at Buba London where I got to do lots of interesting work including writing press releases, writing website content and dressing shoots.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.7967796
Retrieved Text: This is my 10th year in education and my 2nd year at Scottsboro HS. I worked at Dannelly Elementary school from 2006-2011 where I taught elementary Physical Education. I was an assistant softball coach at LAMP HS in Montgomery in 2007 and the head softball coach there from 2008-2009. I then went to Alabama Christian Academy and was an assistant softball coach there from 2009-2011. I was then hired as the head softball coach at Enterprise High School where I taught Health and Physical Education. This just completed my 2nd year at Scottsboro HS where I am the head softball coach, health and social dance teacher.
My name is Robyn Johnson. I grew up in a small town called Red Level in south alabama. I played basketball and softball in HS and was also the school mascot. I was the yearbook editor and a member of the school choir. I went to LBW Community College after HS graduation where I was in the LBW Ensemble and played softball. I transferred to Huntingdon College in Montgomery where I contiued to play softball. I earned my BS degree in P-12 Physical Education/Health and then completed my MS degree in Exercise Science at AUM in 2008. I enjoy singing, traveling, and spending time on the water.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.7839313
Retrieved Text: I was a little skeptical so I checked it out, and contacted the person who was supposedly making these, a fellow who goes by the alias HiCap on the AK47 message board. He informed me that yes it was in fact true, but I was still kind of skeptical so I offered to try a few of the designs out. I also asked how these magazines where produced to make sure they where legal, he cuts up sections of pre-ban magazines and attaches them together with pieces of sheet metal. Basically, as HiCap puts it, you turn two pre-ban magazines into one large pre-ban magazine.
UPDATE: HiCap no longer produces these so dont ask how to find them.
They came packaged in a medium size boxed that was unmarked, a good thing because it keeps are curious friends at the shipping companies from "borrowing" things. When I opened it I noticed that there was plenty of packaging to protect from shipping damage, also each magazine was individually wrapped in factory packaging. Once I separated the magazines from the packaging I was amazed how good the magazines looked, they where seamless! They looked completely original, I was expecting to see seams from where the magazines where connected together but there was nothing.
Next I brought out my SAR-2 and test fitted every magazine, they locked into place and released with no problems. A week later I loaded up all the magazines because the next morning I was going to get a chance to test fire them. Each magazine loaded up

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.7837353
Retrieved Text: Dr. Martin Luther King would have turned 86 years old last week. He was passionate, he was peaceful and he devoted his life to making this world a better place. His life ended prematurely with his assassination on April 4, 1968. It was a cowardly and violent act that stemmed from hatred and fear of change – all of the things Dr. King wanted so badly to transform in all of us.
As a very young child, growing up in an insulated, suburban community where everyone looked the same, it seems like it was a much simpler time. I had little idea what was going on outside my own little world. As a pre-teen in April, 1968 I did not realize the full meaning of what was happening, but I knew the world was changing.
I remember a time where our country was mired in a war no one wanted, where TV shows were being censored for being critical of our government. I remember peace signs and protest songs and Haight-Ashbury and Flower Power. I remember but I did not fully understand. Now I think I do.
In today’s world where everything is so transparent and rapidly changing, I wonder where Dr. King would have fit in or if his methods of peaceful protest and message of non-violence would have made such an impact.
While we will never know, I do know that Dr. King had courage and conviction and he died for what he believed was right. I do know that Dr. King made a difference – that he

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.778927
Retrieved Text: I remember an America where children were taught to respect authority, whether it was a school teacher, parent or police officer. Where young people were taught to say, “Yes, sir,” and “Yes, ma’am.” Where young boys were taught to be gentlemen and young girls were taught to be ladies.
I remember an America where city councils and zoning boards wanted churches in the neighborhood because it was a good thing for the community. Where we didn’t have two-inch contracts and legal counsel to enforce them. People merely shook hands and trusted each other because a person’s word meant something.
I remember an America when common sense was common and made sense. Where people knew right from wrong. Where profanity and vulgarity were considered inappropriate and out of line in front of ladies or children, and you always opened doors for them even if they were complete strangers.
I remember the glory days, when America was one nation under God and His glory was upon us.
I remember an America where every public function, high school football game or community event began with prayer. Moral values were valued and those who violated those values were considered clueless or rebels.
I remember an America where families went to church together, prayed together and stayed together no matter what. You made a commitment to God and one another and those commitments were honored, because they meant something. Mothers had their babies regardless of their economic or social standing. Drinking wasn’t considered honorable. In fact, if you drank, you had a problem. If you chose

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.7774105
Retrieved Text: Where My Strength Ends, God’s Begins.
Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible, and receives the impossible. When I was younger my life was splendid and I indeed hoped that it would be like that for ever, but life always has it’s own destiny already planned out. I moved to Mexico in 2008. My family and I had thought of things to be better however things changed in a way we never thought up. My parents got involved in politics without knowing that there was so much corruption, envy and serial problems within the politics. The Mexican government had everything to do with La Mafia (Cartel) serial assassins and drug dealers. With all of this going on in my life I had to believe and trust in God, for everything to be fine.
In childhood years I had no idea of what was going on because I was to young and I still didn’t realize what was happening in my life all I knew was that my parents had to much dilemma. All I would see was how they would cry together and sometimes even fight to the point of almost hurting each other. A few years later I started realizing what was going on, my parents lived with fear for them and us they’re children. All these problems affected me a lot, to the point of me hanging out with bad influences, that I would ditch school with, use drugs, drink alcohol and hurt myself in many more ways when I was only 13. This for reason

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.7574987
Retrieved Text: I’m back from the Moodle Moot US 2018. This was a wonderful and overwhelming experience.
On Monday morning, I knew that I was presenting, so I arrived early at registration. I always like to view the room that I’m presenting in before I actually present. So I asked where the room was. There seemed to be a bit of confusion (there was a lot going on with it being the first day of the conference and such), but I was given directions to the room. Up to the fourth floor I go. There were some conference helpers putting signs up. They provide some direction – follow the hallway and turn left. I follow a hallway that seems like a back passage (it was), to a very large room. Oh, this is where the keynote is. Large room. Stage. Moodlemoot in two foot tall letters on the stage. OK. Someone misunderstood. Back down I go. I ask again where the room that I’m presenting is. Pretty much the same directions. Back up I go. Upon arrival this time, someone is in the room who confirms, yes, this is where I will be presenting. Butterflies start kicking in.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.7437654
Retrieved Text: I was born in Reggio Calabria where I lived until I was 18. After high school, I moved to Milan where I attended Engineering at Politecnico and worked as web developer. In 2009 I came back to Reggio Calabria where, currently, I am managing all my business affairs!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.7415514
Retrieved Text: middle age (ohmygosh, yes, middle age) seems like a time of arrows every which way. where we’ve been, where we are, where we are going…these questions are all different now…different from the striding times even a decade ago. time is starting to mean something else; i recognize the scarcity of time-limitlessness.
i lost one of my very best friends from elementary school, junior high and high school last week. kenny was brilliant and funny and courageous and a really good person. together with his twin richard and i, we were often thought of as “triplets” in school, mostly because we were all platinum blond kids growing up. i haven’t seen kenny for many years. the last time i can remember was having coffee with him at the atlanta airport; he was an airline captain and based there so we met when i flew through with a tad bit of a layover. he was thrilled to catch me up about his beautiful wife and son and he joked about how long it took him to find her. even though i saw him rarely, there was something about knowing he was in the world that was comforting…a piece of my long-ago-past that i could still talk to or text with, maybe see from time to time, who knew me when i was little, when i was a preteen, when i was a teenager, when i loved calculus. i tried to explain this to d…when certain people who connect me way back to my roots are no longer present on

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.7410784
Retrieved Text: Boy! Seeing this profile makes me feel old Our newest registered participant is Jerry Grace. Currently living in Mississippi. And he list as interest, grandchildren. The last I knew of Jerry he was Living in Clewiston Florida and his children where in grade school. About 1986-7. I was a member of the Sunday school class that he taught at the First Baptist Church. At the time I was between jobs and was working as a security guard at the company where he was Comptroller. He once wrote a letter of recommendation for me while I was job hunting.
Ed Pettibone wrote: Boy! Seeing this profile makes me feel old Our newest registered participant is Jerry Grace. Currently living in Mississippi. And he list as interest, grandchildren. The last I knew of Jerry he was Living in Clewiston Florida and his children where in grade school. About 1986-7. I was a member of the Sunday school class that he taught at the First Baptist Church. At the time I was between jobs and was working as a security guard at the company where he was Comptroller. He once wrote a letter of recommendation for me while I was job hunting.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.740489
Retrieved Text: Sunday was a bit gloomier weatherwise after Saturday’s glorious wall to wall sunshine. Ally and I drove out to Elterwater and found the end of the road where our planned approach up Scafell Pike began. We managed to find a parking spot round the corner from Wall End. The fells here are very dramatic and full of character.
We were in the Lake District this bank holiday weekend. Ally had never been, and having heard so much about it was very keen to go and find out what all the fuss was about. The last time I was there was over a decade ago. I couldn’t remember where I walked; it was in the days where I couldn’t have cared less what hill I was on as long as I was in them, although I could remember what pubs I had been in!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.738166
Retrieved Text: I wish I was lying on Poipu Beach, Kauai, Hawaii, right now, even though it's only 6:30 in the morning there!
In a pool or on a float trip...it's so damn hot right now!
Yes. At the garage sales I intended to go to this AM. Instead I'm here on AB.
I really REALLY really wish I was still in bed!
Yes, I would rather be sitting on the balcony over the beach in my rented condo.
I wish I was at Bsweet's house right now.
Where is someplace that i wouldnt expect to find you?
Where were you born, where do you live now and where would you like to live?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.736367
Retrieved Text: "Pennies from Heaven" seems like an old, trite, old wives' tale or just plain outdated form of communication from our transitioned ones...BUT...it does happen repeatedly to many bereaved Moms...and I am one of them.
When I am feeling most down...this is when I will see them... And it's not as if they are way far away from where I'm at... but one thing they have in common is they seem to appear out of nowhere or are EXACTLY where I am at that moment in time.
Examples are: Finding one in my locked up gym locker where no penny was there before. Finding one in cabinets where there was none to be found prior. Finding one on the wooden picnic table immediately in front of where I randomly sat...and just the other night.... I was walking in the grocery store and suddenly I hear a little clang in my left ear (the one that is deaf) and look down. A man's foot had apparently kicked up a penny immediately where I was standing in the aisle. He was oblivious to it and I was smiling inside!
One time I was at church and kneeling down and "Wait! What's that? It was a perfect replica of a penny (made by some stain) on the floor..I actually reached for it...thinking it was a real penny! Regardless, I was comforted.
In Heaven, there is no need for monetary devices whatsoever...perhaps my beloveds feel an empathy with our constant striving financially...thus the "penny" being chosen as a sign that they care. Or perhaps it's

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.733238
Retrieved Text: Well I am from Mexico, a small town called Guanajuato most of the Revolutionary history is based on here, or started here, you can check it out on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guanajuato , well everything started in January 2009, I wanted to go somewhere to experience something different from what my whole life used to be, all the time just studying and to be honest I�ve never worked in my life, well I did some works with some family and stuff but never all by myself, well I heard somewhere that there was some work-visa for New Zealand and also for Australia, those where the places where I wanted to go at first, I was between those two places, after two weeks of thinking I finally decided to go New Zealand, I did jumped online to http://www.immigration.govt.nz/migrant/stream/work/ and I found out that there where just 200 places every year, and I decided to apply the day where they where going to be released, this day was 21 March 2009, I quickly applied for the working holiday visa for Mexicans. After 3 or 4 days I received an e-mail saying that I needed to send my medical certificate and some other stuff to be able to be chosen for the visa.
By this moment 4 of my friends told me that they where going to come along with me and we where all planning to leave Mexico at the end of the year in November 2009. The months past away and after the time I was all by myself, they

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.7304845
Retrieved Text: I was just on my way to school and texting my best friend Jemma one day while I was walking and I have the path memorized and there is almost no one walking my way at the time I leave so I didn’t bother to look where I was going when all of a sudden I crashed into something that was tall and as hard as a brick wall. After I crashed into the ground and looked up to see what, I had crashed into I looked up and all I was able to do was stare at the person in amazement and annoyance. The person bent down to help me up and pick up my school bag that had spilled all over the pavement path from my fall. After he helped me up he introduced himself and apologized while I was doing the same thing for not looking where I was going. It turned out his name was Luke. Luke and I talked for a bit until I heard the bell go for class to start and I realized that I was going to be late for class so I told Luke that I had to go and run to class or I would be late. Luke asked what school I go to and my response was John McCrae Secondary School. I then found out that he had just moved here and that he was going to my school. So I being the nice person I am offered to show him around if he would

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.7295337
Retrieved Text: Maybe the people who read this might say “Are you a kid?”. And one thing that I will respond to is a smile. Telus World of Science is a museum where most of the kids and children go. The word science itself is enough to say that it’s a museum to educate children most of the time but adult like me will also benefit to this kind of place. For me, any museum is fascinating, because I know that I will be learning something or I will be discovering something in this place.
I visited Telus World of Science last May 30 2008, Friday. I came from the office, then I went home to the condo unit where I stayed and I took a bus to go there. Since I was never been there before, I used my Edmonton Map (it was actually an ETS – Edmonton Transit System map). I found that there was a mall before the museum – its Westmount Centre. I took a bus from downtown to Westmount station and I rode another bus to Telus World of Science. Well, discovering a way to go to somewhere around Edmonton was one of the exciting experiences I had in this city.Since I visited the place during the weekday, there were few visitors inside the museum. And most of the visitors I saw were children together with their parents. I went to the counter and inquired how I will be able to get a tour inside the museum. The officer explained to me, then, I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.7270594
Retrieved Text: I have long believed that context is critical to communication, understanding and leadership. If I want to understand you or your business, I need to know your context. In order to determine whether my services are the right fit and value for potential clients, I need to understand their context. In this context (yes, pun intended), I’m referring to understanding what else is going on around a person or an organization, including where a particular goal or objective fits in the entirety of the circumstance or situation. In other words, where does the particular issue, question, opportunity or challenge fit within the greater whole? What is clear for me is that without context, we are lost.
I recently had an experience that fully translates to the vital role of context. We can probably all agree that before we pursue a goal or direction, we need to know where we’re going. What we often forget, however, is that in order to get somewhere we first need to know where we are, especially relative to other things, objectives, relationships, etc. (i.e. context). This is a critical miss in problem solving, issue resolving and opportunity pursuing – you must first know where you are (and where the team or organization is) before setting off in pursuit of change. By the way, the same is equally true when pursuing personal change and shifts.
I was heading off one recent morning to be on site with a client for the day. I knew where I was going, and I decided to take a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.727031
Retrieved Text: ﻿ John 20:15 Jesus said to her, "Woman, why are you weeping? Whom are you seeking?" Supposing Him to be the gardener, she said to Him, "Sir, if you have carried Him away, tell me where you have laid Him, and I will take Him away."
"Woman," Jesus said to her, "why are you crying? Who is it you are looking for?" Supposing He was the gardener, she replied, "Sir, if you've removed Him, tell me where you've put Him, and I will take Him away."
Jesus asked her, "Dear lady, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Thinking he was the gardener, she told him, "Sir, if you have carried him away, tell me where you have put him, and I will take him away."
Jesus says to her, Woman, why weep thou? Whom seek thou? That woman, supposing that he is the gardener, says to him, Sir, if thou have taken him, tell me where thou have laid him, and I will take him away.
Jesus said to her, Woman, why are you crying [so]? For Whom are you looking? Supposing that it was the gardener, she replied, Sir, if you carried Him away from here, tell me where you have put Him and I will take Him away.
[Then] Jesus said to her, "[My dear] woman, why are you crying? Who are you looking for?" Assuming He was the grounds keeper, she said to Him, "Sir, if you have carried Him away from here, tell me where you laid Him, and I will go and get

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.7198343
Retrieved Text: On Fathers Day 1996, a friend of mine and I flew to Castle AFB. It's closed now, you know. We parked the "Baby Cheetah" on the ramp where I used to work on B-52s and KC-135s. It was eerie. 'Elevation 188 feet' was still visible on the tower. There were weeds growing up in the cracks on the ramp, the grass around the tower was all overgrown, the paint on the buildings was faded and peeling, and it was real quiet.
We were the only ones there. Just like the Twilight Zone. It was like I had awaken from a deep sleep and everyone was gone. As we walked around the tower, the Fire Station had beautifully manicured lawns, flowers everywhere, the sprinklers were going, and there were curtains on the windows. And, no one around. Really weird.
Coming around to the base-side of the tower, we walked past the Avionics Squadron of the 93rd Bomb Wing where I had worked. The building seemed so small. I showed my friend where the avionics parts and supply room used to be. I knew exactly what the inside of that building looked like. I knew what color it was, I knew what the linoleum on the floor looked like, I knew where the water cooler leaked, I knew where the Wing Commander sat. It was like I was here yesterday. Only, yesterday was 23 years ago.
I looked in the direction of my old home. It was so close. Did I really drive 300 yards to work? Today's 40 mile commute

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.7166996
Retrieved Text: I’ve never really understood those words until now. Recently I surfaced from a pretty intense spell of depression. I really thought I was never going to get out. It took a long time, weeks of lost sleep, and some serious life changes to reach a point where I don’t feel depressed.
Through the boredom of having absolutely nothing to do, I was forced to find a project. As a result, I’m now working on a game with one of my remaining friends. I don’t know where I’m heading, but I’m excited to find out, and that’s a hell of a lot of progress from where I was. I can’t wait to see where the future leads!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.7137814
Retrieved Text: Sometimes home was where I wasn’t – a place to go back to where I felt loved, accepted, safe and happy. A refuge. Where history was. Then it became where new history was developing and where old history existed.
Now home is where I choose it to be, whenever and however I decide to refer to it.
So now my home base is with hubby and pupster- still living the same values of yore that evolve over time – where I am loved, accepted, and love and create. A cosy, “gemuetlich”, fun and reliable place.
It’s also home of course where I grew up, developed my own unique personality and quirks alongside taking on tradition and customs of ancestors, where I formed my initial likes and preferences and where I moved to when I moved out of the family circle on my own two feet for the first time.
Home is more than bricks and mortar. it is a the feeling of landing in a country where forebears travelled across the seas from a time long gone leaving links and affiliations long standing, some hidden, some visible.
So the gratitude for today is that home can expand as family and life experiences expand. Somewhere I can continue to be my gemini self with ever changing thoughts, dreams, goals and aspirations, that express who I am and what is important to me, a place for immediate and extended family and friends to be- to meet – old, new and yet to be.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.7088604
Retrieved Text: Translation:Where do I buy clothes?
Since the first person conjugation is missing, why does this translate into "where do I buy clothes" but not "where to buy clothes?" or "where can one buy clothes?"
"Where to buy clothes" isn't really a normal English sentence but you could report it. "Where can one buy clothes" if it isn't accepted yet should be reported. They've added that to similar sentences after I've reported.
"Where can one buy clothes" was accepted on 26 February 2016.
Really? I often encounter sentences built like: a question word + "to" + verb (infinitive) +optionally something else. Is there really something wrong with those?
In what kind of context? This isn't something I hear used in normal informal speech, except for a few sentences like "what to do now?". It may depend on dialect as well. I speak mostly British with some American influence.
I wouldn't say there's something wrong with this kind of sentence, it just doesn't seem so natural to me.
Native English - we say "where can you buy clothes / where do you buy clothes" (you) simply meaning (someone) ...Duolingo marked "where do you buy clothes" wrong, even thought it is very common.
Yes, "where do you buy clothes" should definitely be accepted. Reporting.
I'm not sure if it should be accepted or not, but it is typical to say "Where can you ..." instead of "Where can one ..." (to generally mean "Where is it possible to ..." or "Where could I ...") in colloquial American English. "Where can one..." sounds formal or British to me.
Absolutely. I

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.708834
Retrieved Text: Alone in the house, I looked out the window of my room before I went to bed. I stared at the river behind the house where we fish and saw what looked like really dark rocks with white patterns on them, they almost look like humans. I had never seen them there before but I decided to go to bed at ten o’clock just like I always do. I woke up to my phone ringing, it was my dad. “Son I want you to get the keys to the car and leave NOW!” “Dad why whats going on which car?” “I don’t have time to explain but little buddy… the river people have found us!” “Where are the keys I can’t find them?” “Listen I want you to take my truck there is a second pair of keys at my desk take them and go to the nearest gas station. I’ll meet you there son I have to go.” Why would people come after us and what are river people! I grab the keys and go outside where the truck is. I get in and start going down the long driveway. I see people standing on the side of the entrance with spears and AK’s and they start to chase the truck. At that moment I floored it and got away. They looked exactly like those human sided rocks in the river. At that moment I realized what I saw before I went to sleep. I kept driving and there was a bright red car with

================



======= Instance Index 7316 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: so here I am again sitting in the library , although I do n't have gaps as big as last semester I do have some down time . I hate the feeling I get in my stomach the first week of school . the nervous butterflies that take over are not fun .
Question: What is going on ?
Options: 
- They are working as a librarian
 - None of the above choices .
 - They are out at a coffee shop
 - They are studying in the library

Target Text: They are studying in the library

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.587601
Retrieved Text: 10:28 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:27 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:02 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
10:40 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:07 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post Trouble posting!
09:40 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
07:18 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:35 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:34 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
04:31 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:06 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:39 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:38 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
05:32 PM - Delta quoted Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:52 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:45 AM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:10 PM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.228831
Retrieved Text: From the mind of Chris Fletcher, Whatigo is a discussion on environmental issues, science, social, music, art, politics, and economics with strongly worded opinions from both the host and his guests. Warning for strong language and deep insight that may change your social, political, religious, and spiritual views. This is a podcast for those seeking a rational voice of common sense to the ever increasing stupidity of the world. For those that beg to ask "WHAT IS GOING ON?": Welcome to Whatigo.
Chris talks with talks with Alex about the algorithms, Facebook, Amazon, & Google… Here is a crash course to get in the talk. The post Episode 14 – Whatigo rants and rages with Alex the Canadian about everything the “Algorithms” may or may not be doing … appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
A call out to the warning from 15,000 scientist about the state of our earth. They can’t be wrong, can they? A Second Notice | Source: Oxford Academic BioScience The post Episode 11 – 15,000 Scientists Can’t Be Wrong appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
With our first guest we talk about everything from plastics to truth in reporting… and wait till you hear the answers on the blame game! The post Episode 10 – Alex appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
Dunning Kruger effect…with Aliens and God…wait could this lead somewhere? Image: OneFailed Uplift by Tomasz Jedruszek The post Episode 09 – Aliens and God appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
We talk

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.18503
Retrieved Text: Explore what Luke might have thought was going on in this story, and how the suffering servant idea fits in all this. Then ask what do we think is going on with us as readers of this story today?
People to reflect on what they are looking for this week?
then same crowd turning on him by Friday.
is that what Luke thinks is going on here?
what stones are being talked about here?
was this the year the war for peace would begin?
6. So what does Luke think is going on here?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.167278
Retrieved Text: Dowse This... What is Going On With My Child?
Haven't we all wondered "What is Going On With My Child? Well this is why I created this set of charts. Children are pretty complex individuals and it is hard to know how we can help them traverse the world safely and effectively. This Booklet contains 76 Charts to help you to understand what is going on with your child and how you can help, this chart set alone contains 26 charts with a possible 571 items to dowse. There is even a chart for dowsing what is going on with your baby. Along with many charts to further investigate what is really going on.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.157695
Retrieved Text: What is going on with TDA?
What is going on with TPCA?
What is going on with GHPCA?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.100538
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Medici Masters of Florence (2016) - S01E04 Judgement Day!
What the hell is this? You can't be in here.
You can't be in here. This is a ladies' bathroom.
- Who the hell is in here? - Don't you even knock?
What the hell is this? What is going on here?
What in the bloody hell is this?
What the-- You can't be in here.
What the hell is going on in here? Nothing.
- What the hell are we doing here? - This is where you wanted to be, right?
- Here you go. - What the hell is this?
Here you are! What the hell is this?
- And what the hell is Gracie Law doing here? - She can't get enough of me.
what the hell is going on here?!!
What the hell's going on around here?
- What the hell is this? - Don't know.
but what in the holy hell are you talking about?
Now what in the hell is this?
Grace, what in the hell is this?
- What in hell is this? - Not now.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.084294
Retrieved Text: Beauty consultant Mia Do from Modern Day Spa demonstrates how to prep and apply wax to your legs.
Hi. I am Mye (ph) at Modern Day Spa. I am beauty consultant here and today we are going to show you how to wax your legs properly at home.
Now, what we are going to do now is apply the wax and I will show you how to remove it. What we are going to start with is taking muslin strip and basically what it is, is just a cloth strip use for waxing. You can pick it up at any beauty supply store and what we are going to do is place it directly on to where the wax is and just rub it firmly for a couple of seconds. Then once you are done with that, what you are going do is you are going to pull it up towards your body very quickly so its less painful.
Now, what I am going to show you next is how to remove the excess wax from your leg. What you are going to do is get some cotton, you are going to get some wax remover for the skin and youre just going to put a little bit to the area only where you see there is wax left on to the leg and youre just going to wipe until the wax goes away. Just let it dry for a couple of minutes, and then the next you are going to do is you are going to get some

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.04471
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to be able to understand how we can be able to make sure these things and more going to be able happen for you in a timely fashion? This is the case and you want to be able to understand how you might be able to have a your car repaired, you can always go to be able to see what we can be able to make sure that you’re going be able to get for yourself especially through Broken Arrow oil changes. This is going to be the much amazing we hope that people going be able understand what this is going to be able to mean for you as we will make sure that you have all these things and more for yourself as we can be able help people know exactly what this is going to be able to mean.
Making is happen, is going to be that much more amazing we hope that people going be able to understand what this action going to be able to mean for you as we possibly can be able help you have them many more greater opportunities to be able to know what is going to be the best possible thing for us to be able to make sure that you’re going be able the account evident to the many different opportunities to be able to make that this is going to be able actually happen. And making all this that much more clearly seen, is also can be them anymore greater

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.98716
Retrieved Text: Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?
Let's discuss what exactly is going on with the whole Henry Cavill debacle, is Ben Affleck still Batman, and why the CW Arrowverse just seems to get it and the films don't.
Notes and Nerds - Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.9870896
Retrieved Text: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
Thread: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
I've seen some strange posts from Imagine Dragons on facebook lately, anyone have the scoop on what is going on? I'm out of the loop since I am working all the time!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.977542
Retrieved Text: https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-11-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-8-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-2.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-3-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-1.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-12.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-11.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.9747925
Retrieved Text: One thing that we do here at the best dog training in Boise that separates us from every else is the puppy training that we offer and your gonna see that we’re going to be able to offer you the solutions that are going to make sure that you get the best results. Let’s say that your puppy is being tyrannical and it is tearing up the carpet and peeing on the lawn and you’re not really sure what to do with it than what you need to do is calls up to let us see were able to help you find we have the best solutions out there. So call Tip Top K9 to learn more today.
When you’re working with us you working with the best dog training in Boise and you’re going to find that at the end of the day your gonna see exactly what you are needing to see that is going to be able to benefit you in a way that is going to be so amazing that you’re going to want to use us time and time again. Pick up the phone to learn more about Tip Top K9 we can always visit our website to see all the different articles that we have on their that are going to inform you about what we offer.
The solutions that we offer you’re going to be the best solutions ever so whenever you use us you’re using the very best. Don’t hesitate any longer before letting us show you what we are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.963074
Retrieved Text: A prediction is a guess about what will happen next. When a reader actively engages in whatever they are reading, they naturally make predictions about what will happen next. They base these predictions off of what they have read and what they already know. By taking what they have read and what they already know, a reader can formulate what they think will happen next in the story.
Kim is so caught up in what’s happening on the computer, she goes for a drink of water, but since she’s caught up on what’s going on on the computer, she reaches over without really looking at the glass of water to grab it. The reader is going to assume that she’s going to knock over a glass of water.
That may not be what happens, but it’s a prediction either way. The prediction may come true, and the prediction may not come true. A reader is naturally going to make predictions about a passage. Making predictions is part of being actively engaged in what the reader is reading.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.9382176
Retrieved Text: What Are The Trends In Office Management?
The trends in office management are easy to work out and to know. It doesn't matter what the office if for and what the company does, they are going to have to have the same basis to work from and they are going to aim for the same management which is going to work for them.
Office management would be nothing without organization. You cannot have an office that is not organized, it simple wouldn't be possible! There would be no structure and nothing would ever get done on time or successfully.
Office management is not going to be the best that it can if the staff are not going to be trained properly. There are many different types of training that different offices do, but you can be sure that there are going to be many different trends that are also followed within the training that takes place.
Systems are very important. Without certain systems in place then office management simply wouldn't work. You are not going to be able to ensure that every target is met is there is not a system in place to help you with this and to ensure that you know when the target is for.
Trends in office management are simple, there needs to be organization and structure to ensure that there are not going to be any problems along the way. No matter what the office may be for, it is not going to be successful without these basic trends in place which have been tried

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.9334207
Retrieved Text: Today, we're going to discuss how to add accuracy reporting to an already existing neural network.
Here, we have a neural network that is learning to classify images from the classical MNIST dataset by using a simple one-layer neural network with a ReLU activation and using gradient descent on cross-entropy.
What we're going to do is we're going to take this model which we can see that it trains here, and we're going to look at the accuracy of the model and we're going to play around with a few things to see what we can do to make it work better.
So here, let’s just go over quickly what we have.
So here, we have a network that has an input variable x and two weight variables, W and b for the weight and the bias, that run them through ReLU activation.
We have a variable y_ that will contain the true labels for each dataset, and we run that through cross-entropy to get our loss function.
Then for each step in our loop, we say that we're on that step. We take a batch of data from our dataset and we train our model on that.
What we want to do is we want to get an understanding of how accurate our model is.
So the first thing that we're going to do is we’re going to define a variable that tells us if our prediction is correct or not.
We're going to do that by calling the tf.equal function on two instances of the tf.argmax function.
So what this is going to say,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.9272647
Retrieved Text: : : : 2.COuld you explain the phrase 'what we knew going in' here? What does 'know' mean? And 'going in'?
: : : President George W. Bush's national security adviser on Thursday acknowledged there may have been flaws in prewar intelligence about Iraq but brushed aside calls for an independent investigation into the matter.
: : : "I think that what we have is evidence that there are differences between what we knew going in and what we found on the ground," Condoleezza Rice told CBS.
: : 2. "What we knew going in," here, means "what we knew in advance about what we'd find when we (the American armed forces) went into Iraq," as oppposed to what we actually found "on the ground," that is, in reality or on the hard earth of the actual place.
THank you for your previous answers, but I still got a problem. Why use continuous tense in "going in"?
"I knew doing something." Is this right? Is there any other verbs that can be used this way?
And do you know what does "participatory government" mean here?
"There will be no change whatsoever to the foreign and security policies the participatory government has pursued so far," presidential spokesman Yoon Tai-young told a briefing when asked why South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun had shaken up his security team.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.920637
Retrieved Text: between debts, profits and value.
us to go through all the arguments that we need to understand.
Our starting point is going to be the Pepsico example.
where Pepsico was trying to decide whether to issue debt or equity.
What we just learned is that most likely Pepsico will issue debt instead of equity.
That's what average companies do in the real world, right?
To do that, we're going to go back to financial statements.
Remember that we have the before and after, right?
meaning after the debt issues, right?
The difference here is that your interest payment is going up by $200 million, okay?
here I want to make it very clear, right?
The interest payment is going to reduce the company's earnings, right?
Very simple here, accounting, mechanical, there is nothing very deep going on.
Interest goes up, earnings go down.
to think about this right now at the beginning of this session, okay.
Is Pepsico more or less profitable after the debt issuance?
To answer that, we're going to go back to Corporate Finance I again.
like to use is what I call OPAT, Operating Profit After Taxes, okay?
your operating income minus the taxes that you pay to the government.
And what is very easy to show is that OPAT is going to go up with leverage.
So, Pepsico is actually going to become more profitable after the debt issuance.
if you remember the definition of OPAT, I'm really happy.
you to figured that out.
But in any case, let me show you what is going here, okay?
So, here at the bottom what I've done is I calculated the OPAT for Pepsico.
So for example, in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.90516
Retrieved Text: Hey, good morning guys. Matt De Fede with Realty Executives Elite Homes. This is the Nutley Real Estate Report. If you could see the board behind me, basically what’s going on right now is this, and I’m going to explain the opportunity here because a lot of people are worrying about the shift that you hear people talking about.
It’s not that bad. I’m going to tell you why in a minute. What we’re looking at right now is a median listing price of about $440,000 in Nutley. That’s the listed price, what the home is listed at, not what the home is sold at.
What matters is what price the home is sold at. We’re looking at $440,000 is the average list price when a home goes on the market in Nutley, and the average sold price is right now about $389,000. List price is $440,000, sold price is $389,000.
That’s what matters to appraisers is the actual sold price. You’re going to list a home for anything you want and you can have realtors tell you your house is worth millions of dollars, but it’s not going to happen when somebody goes to buy it because the market determines what the price is. Right now the market is determining that median priced home is $389,000.
That’s on an average. The other thing that has changed since May of this year is the actual days on market. We’re looking at an average of 60 to 61 days on the market now.
That’s two months. In May we were back at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.8867145
Retrieved Text: Austin real estate photography | designers and more.
If you’re needing photography taken of your engine answer that you consult what you need to do is call sub the Full Package Media the Full Package Media by your side you’re getting the Austin real estate photography company that is going to be able to come out wherever you’re at take photos of it. If you have mourned 10 acres you want to get this photo taken care of you need to call sub today and let us show you what is going to separate us from anybody else. The sooner you call sub the sooner we’re going be of help you see. Don’t waste anymore time for letting us show you what is going to be at your disposal that.
With Austin real estate photography from Full Package Media at your disposal. You’re going be blown away with everything we can do were gonna be able to help you with your commercial real estate as well so give it giant building that needs be taken care of what were going to be able to do is find the unique shots are going to highlight the unique features and show people what they can use with it. Don’t waste a more time because the sooner you call sub the sooner we can begin and help you out working in the right direction with you.
so it. People don’t take into consideration how high quality photos can help their listings help with what we can build off you. It Full Package

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.8862257
Retrieved Text: 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore. A. story-book B. dictionary C. post card .
7、What are you going to do this afternoon? A、I’m going to buy a book. C、I’m going at 3 o’clock. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
18、Where are you going this afternoon? A、I’m going to the bookstore. C、I’m going to buy books. B、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
1. is your math teacher?
2. are you going to do?
3. are you going there?
4. do you get here on foot?
5. do you get up today?
5.What are you going to do?
10% Ⅱ栏 A. By bus. B. Yes, I do. C. Watching TV. D. No, I can’t. E. On foot.
六．将下列句子按正确的顺序排列。 分） （5 ( ( ( ( ( )A. But where is the bus stop? )B. Excuse me, can you tell me how I can get to the post office? )C. It's over there, on your right. )D. Thank you. )E. Yes, you can take bus No. 2 and get off at the second stop.
1. How do you go to school? Usually I go to school by plane.
1. Wait at a yellow light.
2. How can I get to ZhongShan Park? You can go by the No.15 bus.
3. Where is the cinema , please?
1.I am going to read a book at home.
2. Tom is going to the cinema.
3. My grandma is ill ,so I am going to visit her by bus .
4. The greens are going to the zoo on the weekend.
5. sarah is going to buy a comic book in the bookstore. 三．听音，连线。 Teacher: How do you go

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.883948
Retrieved Text: What does her friend do?
What holiday will she celebrate?
Charlotte: So what are you doing this weekend, Adrianna?
Adrianna: I’m going to Fukuoka with…to meet my friend.
Charlotte: Oh cool, how do you know her?
Adrianna: She went to university with me.
Charlotte: What’s she doing in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: She’s on the Jet Program, teaching.
Charlotte: Oh, cool. Does she like it?
Adrianna: Yeah, she likes it. She renewed her contract so this is her third year.
Charlotte: Excellent. Do you know what you are going to be doing down in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: I think she’s going to take me to a pub.
Charlotte: You’ve not been to any of them in Japan?
Adrianna: No, not.. first time. And we are going to…What are we going to do? Oh, we’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday and we’re going to go to a Karaoke.
Charlotte:OK, have you been to any Karaoke bars here?
Adrianna: Yeah, I went to a Karaoke bar in Roppongi.
Adrianna: Ah.. yeah. My Japanese isn’t too great.
Charlotte: What has she told you about Fukuoka?
Adrianna: How do you mean?
Charlotte: Like, do you know about the city?
She renewed her contract, so this is her third year.
I have to renew my contract next January.
Does she plan to renew her contract?
Have you been to any karaoke bars here?
It isn’t fun to live next to a karaoke bar.
They go to the karaoke bar once a month.
My Japanese is not too great.
My apartment is not too great, but the location is incredible.
The road is not too great during the winter.
We’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday.
Thanksgiving is my favorite

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.8500605
Retrieved Text: We are here with Autumn who has unfortunately found a fishing line with a fish hook on a dock in a lake near our area. So what we are going to have to do is give her a light sedation and we are going to go into her mouth and remove the fish hook. So what we do is we give her a little bit of a sedative, give her about 2/3 of what I think she needs and we’ll see how it goes. But with her moving her tongue there’s no way to actually get that hook out without having her fairly immobilized.
So what we are going to do is go ahead and get Patty over here to get the instruments, we are going to lay her on her side. Here you can see the fish hook stuck in there, so what we are going to do. As you can see she has a lot of swelling on her jaw there. We are going to go ahead and see if I can’t back it out, but I may not be able to. Because it has a barb on it, we don’t want to pull it backwards. So we are going to go ahead and cut the barb off, and then we are going to go ahead and back it out. (Orthopedic scissors). So now what we can easily do is back that out, there’s no sharp edge on it, and we got the hook out! Then we will go ahead and get her on some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.848972
Retrieved Text: Phoenix Business Coach | maximizing your potential.
You May have potential but if you do not take advantage of the opportunities that are going to be afforded you you are not going to reach your potential because you are going be too busy trying to catch up and realize some silly goal that you might have. We are going to be able to show you where to go in order to get started. Were going to be able to help you see that the success that we are going to implement. Really will be beneficial to making sure that you are going to get the answers that you are looking for.
Everything that were going to have here is going the absolute phenomenal. So call sub if you are sure to go. When you work with us. You are going be able to find yourself doing the things that are going to be important to you so reach out today and let us see what we are going to help you find in order for you to generate the success that you are wanting to generate. The only thing that is going to matter from here on out is that you are going to be able to get started with the best people so call sub today.
With these options here. You are going to be able to partner with us to get the help that you are wanting to achieve so when you want to work with the Phoenix Business Coach that is going to be actually terrific.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.8481774
Retrieved Text: If you are considering buying a new car, one of the first questions you are going to want to ask is: What Type Of Car Warranty Is Best For You? You want to know what is covered, what you are protected against, and how long the coverage term lasts, so you can make the right choice when you are going to buy a warranty. Since there are several options for coverage, and since each manufacturer is going to throw in something different, you have to compare a few, so that you can make the right choice when you are deciding on a vehicle, the warranty, what is covered, and whether or not you are going to need any additional coverage for that car.
Drivers have to consider, where they drive, how often they drive, the conditions, the local weather, and what the uses are going to be for the car. If you are in a more dangerous profession, or one where you put the car through many tough terrain and driving areas, you need more coverage, and a longer warranty. If you are a casual driver, and only go out to the grocery store, and local areas, you might not want to spend as much on an additional warranty for your car. You have to consider everything, from how much you drive, to the kind of driving that you do, and what you are going to be putting the car up against, in order to ensure you do choose the right protection on it.
With many warranties, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.847512
Retrieved Text: Learn how to do the Green Revolution yoyo trick.
Green Revolution Yoyo TrickThis trick is called Green Revolution. It looks like this.
Just like that. Green Revolution, when you do the trick, you are going to start with a reverse flip. What that is going to do, is it’s going to give you the momentum to toss the yoyo up. All you are going to do is, while the yoyo is up in the air, you are going to push your yoyo hand into that string and then catch the yoyo on the string.
The way that I did it right here, it actually ends up it is actually in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, (actually it is a Hydrogen Mount – which is technically a One-and-a-Half-Mount, just in a different setup) which is not a bad way to practice the trick. I’ll show you what I mean. You are going to push it up, push forward, and you are going to catch the yoyo, when you are practicing, you are going to catch the yoyo on that inside string. If you were to pinch the string here and do your Revolutions, which again, you can use to practice the trick, when you end it, it is going to end in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, which is not what you want. You want it to end in a Green Triangle.
What you can do, to make that Green Triangle happen, is, instead of landing that yoyo on the inside string, what you are going to do, is insert your thumb down here at the bottom

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.8432345
Retrieved Text: Join Eric Wing for an in-depth discussion in this video Adding a brace frame elevation, part of Revit 2018: Essential Training for Structure.
- [Voiceover] What I'd like to do now is create some lateral brace frames. Up to this point, we've done pretty much everything in 2D, especially in a 2D plan. What I want to do is put in a 3D element. However, we're going to remain in 2D. The trick here is we need to create an elevation and we need to set the reference plane onto a grid line. To do that, I'm going to go down to Level 2 in the Project Browser. What I'm going to do now, is I'm going to go to my View tab, and on the create panel I have an Elevation button.
I'm going to come to the side of it here, and I'm going to hit the dropdown, and I'm going to create a Framing Elevation. Go ahead and click on Framing Elevation. Now notice I can't put anything in until I find a grid line. So on this grid line, I'm going to come up here, and I'm going to pick a point about in the middle, outside looking in. Once I pick that, I have Elevation 1-a squarely placed in my plan. Perfect. I'm going to open this elevation up by double-clicking on Elevation 1-a.
In Elevation 1-a, I'm going to set my detail level to fine. Now in my Project Browser, I'm going to scroll down until I find Elevations (Framing Elevations). I'm going

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.84294
Retrieved Text: You want to know. We have the know-how.
You will receive the How To Make Easy Affiliate Commissions info immediately after completing this brief form.
Now in this video we’re going to do a brief course overview talk about the things that we will be discussing in order to get you started making money on line quickly.
Now in this course what we’re going to be doing is we’re going to be showing you the basics of making money online.
And may help you to earn money.
And I might add that we’re going to help you earn it quickly.
Now these are not going to be difficult steps that you’re going to have to take but you are going to be able to take positive steps forward in order to create an income apart from anything else you’re doing you going to be able to do this solely on the Internet.
Now we will help you to overcome the barriers to overwhelm people when it comes to using the Internet.
Order it make a profit.
Typically these things are technical.
Sometimes they are things that they you just don’t really know where to start.
We’re going to help you to cut through all of that information overload in order to actually literally earn something that you will be able to see tangibly in your bank account or pay pal account or what ever you are using in terms of generating income.
Now we will also be showing you how to find something to sell and you might be saying I’d love to make money online.
You know I’d

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.8373027
Retrieved Text: When you’re working with any level of government, you need to be certain that you’re doing as much as you can in order to stay ahead of everything that is going on. How do you ensure that you’re doing everything that you can in order to stay on top of things? Are there ways in which you can work out your dot medical certification without spending too much money? And are there options that can help you to get all of the certifications that you need without spending too much money to make it happen in the first place?
There are a lot of qualifications that you may be looking at in relation to everything that is going on around you, and so you want to be sure that you’re going to the classes necessary so that you can work out what you need to do and how you can get it accomplished. Not only will that allow you to see what can be best for your needs, but you’ll find that the whole thing is more affordable than it may have been otherwise as well.
Look at what is involved here and seek out the ways that you may want to proceed with the processes in question. You have a lot of certification options to choose from and, when you finally work out what needs to happen, you will be closer to figuring out what it is that you need to do as well. Find out what certifications you need, stay ahead of all that is going

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.8360868
Retrieved Text: （ ）1. Who has a birthday in Dec.?
A. Me. B. John. C. Zhang Peng.
（ ）2. When does Mike go to school?
（ ）3. What are you going to do tomorrow ?
（ ）4. How do you go to school?
（ ）5. What is Chen Jie going to do next week?
( ) 1. Zhang Peng is going to visit .
( ) 2. Zhang Peng is going by .
( ) 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore.
( ) 4. Zhang Peng’s grandparents live next to .
( ) 5. Mike and Zhang Peng are going after .
1. Where are you going? A. By train.
2. When are you going? B. Buy a comic book.
3. What are you going? C. Because I am going to visit my grandparants.
4. How do you go to the zoo? D. At 3 o’clock.
5. Why are you going? E. The fruit stand.
（　）1、Sarah is going to the bookstore on Saturday .
（　）2、 is the library ? It’s in front of the school .
（　）3、Turn right the school. Then go straight. It’s the left.
（　）4、 do you go to school, Sarah? I usually go to school by bus.
（　）5、Wait at a light.
（　）6、I’m going to Beijing the National Holiday.
（　）7、What are you going to do this afternoon?
A、I’m going to buy a book. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
C、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
（　）8、You can go to the zoo subway.
（　）9、Where is the post office? It’s west the cinema.
（　）10、Sarah, let’s to the park this afternoon.
（　）11、We live near the theme park. We go there by train.
We go there by bike.
（　）12、 you going to read a magazine tonight?
（　）13、What you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.834554
Retrieved Text: Arya Degenhardt: I'm totally overwhelmed by how on earth the Natural History Network is going to make our way in the world. I've been thinking a lot about these workshops and it made me think about this story about the desert pupfish and Phil Pister.
Arya Degenhardt: And I've got a bucket. And they went out with this bucket and they just scooped them all up. There was no plan. They didn't know what they were going to do once they had them in the bucket. But they knew they had to get them in the bucket, and then they'd figure out what to do. That's how I see these workshops. We're scooping everybody up and we're all in these buckets, and then we're going to figure out what to do. We don't know exactly what the outcome is and that's okay. But we do know there is a need, and we're going to hold those buckets until we figure out what we're going to do. And in the end, what that means is that we're not going to lose what we do have. It's only going to get better from there. And that just seems like, well, in the face of not knowing exactly what to do, that seems like a good first step.
Dan Campbell: That is a perfect story.

================



======= Instance Index 7317 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: so here I am again sitting in the library , although I do n't have gaps as big as last semester I do have some down time . I hate the feeling I get in my stomach the first week of school . the nervous butterflies that take over are not fun .
Question: What is going on ?
Options: 
- They are waiting for their next class to start
 - They are out at a coffee shop
 - They are working as a librarian
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: They are waiting for their next class to start

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.587601
Retrieved Text: 10:28 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:27 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:02 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
10:40 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:07 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post Trouble posting!
09:40 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
07:18 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:35 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:34 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
04:31 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:06 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:39 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:38 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
05:32 PM - Delta quoted Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:52 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:45 AM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:10 PM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.228831
Retrieved Text: From the mind of Chris Fletcher, Whatigo is a discussion on environmental issues, science, social, music, art, politics, and economics with strongly worded opinions from both the host and his guests. Warning for strong language and deep insight that may change your social, political, religious, and spiritual views. This is a podcast for those seeking a rational voice of common sense to the ever increasing stupidity of the world. For those that beg to ask "WHAT IS GOING ON?": Welcome to Whatigo.
Chris talks with talks with Alex about the algorithms, Facebook, Amazon, & Google… Here is a crash course to get in the talk. The post Episode 14 – Whatigo rants and rages with Alex the Canadian about everything the “Algorithms” may or may not be doing … appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
A call out to the warning from 15,000 scientist about the state of our earth. They can’t be wrong, can they? A Second Notice | Source: Oxford Academic BioScience The post Episode 11 – 15,000 Scientists Can’t Be Wrong appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
With our first guest we talk about everything from plastics to truth in reporting… and wait till you hear the answers on the blame game! The post Episode 10 – Alex appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
Dunning Kruger effect…with Aliens and God…wait could this lead somewhere? Image: OneFailed Uplift by Tomasz Jedruszek The post Episode 09 – Aliens and God appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
We talk

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.18503
Retrieved Text: Explore what Luke might have thought was going on in this story, and how the suffering servant idea fits in all this. Then ask what do we think is going on with us as readers of this story today?
People to reflect on what they are looking for this week?
then same crowd turning on him by Friday.
is that what Luke thinks is going on here?
what stones are being talked about here?
was this the year the war for peace would begin?
6. So what does Luke think is going on here?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.167278
Retrieved Text: Dowse This... What is Going On With My Child?
Haven't we all wondered "What is Going On With My Child? Well this is why I created this set of charts. Children are pretty complex individuals and it is hard to know how we can help them traverse the world safely and effectively. This Booklet contains 76 Charts to help you to understand what is going on with your child and how you can help, this chart set alone contains 26 charts with a possible 571 items to dowse. There is even a chart for dowsing what is going on with your baby. Along with many charts to further investigate what is really going on.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.157695
Retrieved Text: What is going on with TDA?
What is going on with TPCA?
What is going on with GHPCA?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.100538
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Medici Masters of Florence (2016) - S01E04 Judgement Day!
What the hell is this? You can't be in here.
You can't be in here. This is a ladies' bathroom.
- Who the hell is in here? - Don't you even knock?
What the hell is this? What is going on here?
What in the bloody hell is this?
What the-- You can't be in here.
What the hell is going on in here? Nothing.
- What the hell are we doing here? - This is where you wanted to be, right?
- Here you go. - What the hell is this?
Here you are! What the hell is this?
- And what the hell is Gracie Law doing here? - She can't get enough of me.
what the hell is going on here?!!
What the hell's going on around here?
- What the hell is this? - Don't know.
but what in the holy hell are you talking about?
Now what in the hell is this?
Grace, what in the hell is this?
- What in hell is this? - Not now.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.084294
Retrieved Text: Beauty consultant Mia Do from Modern Day Spa demonstrates how to prep and apply wax to your legs.
Hi. I am Mye (ph) at Modern Day Spa. I am beauty consultant here and today we are going to show you how to wax your legs properly at home.
Now, what we are going to do now is apply the wax and I will show you how to remove it. What we are going to start with is taking muslin strip and basically what it is, is just a cloth strip use for waxing. You can pick it up at any beauty supply store and what we are going to do is place it directly on to where the wax is and just rub it firmly for a couple of seconds. Then once you are done with that, what you are going do is you are going to pull it up towards your body very quickly so its less painful.
Now, what I am going to show you next is how to remove the excess wax from your leg. What you are going to do is get some cotton, you are going to get some wax remover for the skin and youre just going to put a little bit to the area only where you see there is wax left on to the leg and youre just going to wipe until the wax goes away. Just let it dry for a couple of minutes, and then the next you are going to do is you are going to get some

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.04471
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to be able to understand how we can be able to make sure these things and more going to be able happen for you in a timely fashion? This is the case and you want to be able to understand how you might be able to have a your car repaired, you can always go to be able to see what we can be able to make sure that you’re going be able to get for yourself especially through Broken Arrow oil changes. This is going to be the much amazing we hope that people going be able understand what this is going to be able to mean for you as we will make sure that you have all these things and more for yourself as we can be able help people know exactly what this is going to be able to mean.
Making is happen, is going to be that much more amazing we hope that people going be able to understand what this action going to be able to mean for you as we possibly can be able help you have them many more greater opportunities to be able to know what is going to be the best possible thing for us to be able to make sure that you’re going be able the account evident to the many different opportunities to be able to make that this is going to be able actually happen. And making all this that much more clearly seen, is also can be them anymore greater

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.98716
Retrieved Text: Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?
Let's discuss what exactly is going on with the whole Henry Cavill debacle, is Ben Affleck still Batman, and why the CW Arrowverse just seems to get it and the films don't.
Notes and Nerds - Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.9870896
Retrieved Text: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
Thread: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
I've seen some strange posts from Imagine Dragons on facebook lately, anyone have the scoop on what is going on? I'm out of the loop since I am working all the time!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.977542
Retrieved Text: https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-11-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-8-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-2.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-3-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-1.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-12.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-11.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.9747925
Retrieved Text: One thing that we do here at the best dog training in Boise that separates us from every else is the puppy training that we offer and your gonna see that we’re going to be able to offer you the solutions that are going to make sure that you get the best results. Let’s say that your puppy is being tyrannical and it is tearing up the carpet and peeing on the lawn and you’re not really sure what to do with it than what you need to do is calls up to let us see were able to help you find we have the best solutions out there. So call Tip Top K9 to learn more today.
When you’re working with us you working with the best dog training in Boise and you’re going to find that at the end of the day your gonna see exactly what you are needing to see that is going to be able to benefit you in a way that is going to be so amazing that you’re going to want to use us time and time again. Pick up the phone to learn more about Tip Top K9 we can always visit our website to see all the different articles that we have on their that are going to inform you about what we offer.
The solutions that we offer you’re going to be the best solutions ever so whenever you use us you’re using the very best. Don’t hesitate any longer before letting us show you what we are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.963074
Retrieved Text: A prediction is a guess about what will happen next. When a reader actively engages in whatever they are reading, they naturally make predictions about what will happen next. They base these predictions off of what they have read and what they already know. By taking what they have read and what they already know, a reader can formulate what they think will happen next in the story.
Kim is so caught up in what’s happening on the computer, she goes for a drink of water, but since she’s caught up on what’s going on on the computer, she reaches over without really looking at the glass of water to grab it. The reader is going to assume that she’s going to knock over a glass of water.
That may not be what happens, but it’s a prediction either way. The prediction may come true, and the prediction may not come true. A reader is naturally going to make predictions about a passage. Making predictions is part of being actively engaged in what the reader is reading.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.9382176
Retrieved Text: What Are The Trends In Office Management?
The trends in office management are easy to work out and to know. It doesn't matter what the office if for and what the company does, they are going to have to have the same basis to work from and they are going to aim for the same management which is going to work for them.
Office management would be nothing without organization. You cannot have an office that is not organized, it simple wouldn't be possible! There would be no structure and nothing would ever get done on time or successfully.
Office management is not going to be the best that it can if the staff are not going to be trained properly. There are many different types of training that different offices do, but you can be sure that there are going to be many different trends that are also followed within the training that takes place.
Systems are very important. Without certain systems in place then office management simply wouldn't work. You are not going to be able to ensure that every target is met is there is not a system in place to help you with this and to ensure that you know when the target is for.
Trends in office management are simple, there needs to be organization and structure to ensure that there are not going to be any problems along the way. No matter what the office may be for, it is not going to be successful without these basic trends in place which have been tried

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.9334207
Retrieved Text: Today, we're going to discuss how to add accuracy reporting to an already existing neural network.
Here, we have a neural network that is learning to classify images from the classical MNIST dataset by using a simple one-layer neural network with a ReLU activation and using gradient descent on cross-entropy.
What we're going to do is we're going to take this model which we can see that it trains here, and we're going to look at the accuracy of the model and we're going to play around with a few things to see what we can do to make it work better.
So here, let’s just go over quickly what we have.
So here, we have a network that has an input variable x and two weight variables, W and b for the weight and the bias, that run them through ReLU activation.
We have a variable y_ that will contain the true labels for each dataset, and we run that through cross-entropy to get our loss function.
Then for each step in our loop, we say that we're on that step. We take a batch of data from our dataset and we train our model on that.
What we want to do is we want to get an understanding of how accurate our model is.
So the first thing that we're going to do is we’re going to define a variable that tells us if our prediction is correct or not.
We're going to do that by calling the tf.equal function on two instances of the tf.argmax function.
So what this is going to say,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.9272647
Retrieved Text: : : : 2.COuld you explain the phrase 'what we knew going in' here? What does 'know' mean? And 'going in'?
: : : President George W. Bush's national security adviser on Thursday acknowledged there may have been flaws in prewar intelligence about Iraq but brushed aside calls for an independent investigation into the matter.
: : : "I think that what we have is evidence that there are differences between what we knew going in and what we found on the ground," Condoleezza Rice told CBS.
: : 2. "What we knew going in," here, means "what we knew in advance about what we'd find when we (the American armed forces) went into Iraq," as oppposed to what we actually found "on the ground," that is, in reality or on the hard earth of the actual place.
THank you for your previous answers, but I still got a problem. Why use continuous tense in "going in"?
"I knew doing something." Is this right? Is there any other verbs that can be used this way?
And do you know what does "participatory government" mean here?
"There will be no change whatsoever to the foreign and security policies the participatory government has pursued so far," presidential spokesman Yoon Tai-young told a briefing when asked why South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun had shaken up his security team.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.920637
Retrieved Text: between debts, profits and value.
us to go through all the arguments that we need to understand.
Our starting point is going to be the Pepsico example.
where Pepsico was trying to decide whether to issue debt or equity.
What we just learned is that most likely Pepsico will issue debt instead of equity.
That's what average companies do in the real world, right?
To do that, we're going to go back to financial statements.
Remember that we have the before and after, right?
meaning after the debt issues, right?
The difference here is that your interest payment is going up by $200 million, okay?
here I want to make it very clear, right?
The interest payment is going to reduce the company's earnings, right?
Very simple here, accounting, mechanical, there is nothing very deep going on.
Interest goes up, earnings go down.
to think about this right now at the beginning of this session, okay.
Is Pepsico more or less profitable after the debt issuance?
To answer that, we're going to go back to Corporate Finance I again.
like to use is what I call OPAT, Operating Profit After Taxes, okay?
your operating income minus the taxes that you pay to the government.
And what is very easy to show is that OPAT is going to go up with leverage.
So, Pepsico is actually going to become more profitable after the debt issuance.
if you remember the definition of OPAT, I'm really happy.
you to figured that out.
But in any case, let me show you what is going here, okay?
So, here at the bottom what I've done is I calculated the OPAT for Pepsico.
So for example, in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.90516
Retrieved Text: Hey, good morning guys. Matt De Fede with Realty Executives Elite Homes. This is the Nutley Real Estate Report. If you could see the board behind me, basically what’s going on right now is this, and I’m going to explain the opportunity here because a lot of people are worrying about the shift that you hear people talking about.
It’s not that bad. I’m going to tell you why in a minute. What we’re looking at right now is a median listing price of about $440,000 in Nutley. That’s the listed price, what the home is listed at, not what the home is sold at.
What matters is what price the home is sold at. We’re looking at $440,000 is the average list price when a home goes on the market in Nutley, and the average sold price is right now about $389,000. List price is $440,000, sold price is $389,000.
That’s what matters to appraisers is the actual sold price. You’re going to list a home for anything you want and you can have realtors tell you your house is worth millions of dollars, but it’s not going to happen when somebody goes to buy it because the market determines what the price is. Right now the market is determining that median priced home is $389,000.
That’s on an average. The other thing that has changed since May of this year is the actual days on market. We’re looking at an average of 60 to 61 days on the market now.
That’s two months. In May we were back at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.8867145
Retrieved Text: Austin real estate photography | designers and more.
If you’re needing photography taken of your engine answer that you consult what you need to do is call sub the Full Package Media the Full Package Media by your side you’re getting the Austin real estate photography company that is going to be able to come out wherever you’re at take photos of it. If you have mourned 10 acres you want to get this photo taken care of you need to call sub today and let us show you what is going to separate us from anybody else. The sooner you call sub the sooner we’re going be of help you see. Don’t waste anymore time for letting us show you what is going to be at your disposal that.
With Austin real estate photography from Full Package Media at your disposal. You’re going be blown away with everything we can do were gonna be able to help you with your commercial real estate as well so give it giant building that needs be taken care of what were going to be able to do is find the unique shots are going to highlight the unique features and show people what they can use with it. Don’t waste a more time because the sooner you call sub the sooner we can begin and help you out working in the right direction with you.
so it. People don’t take into consideration how high quality photos can help their listings help with what we can build off you. It Full Package

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.8862257
Retrieved Text: 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore. A. story-book B. dictionary C. post card .
7、What are you going to do this afternoon? A、I’m going to buy a book. C、I’m going at 3 o’clock. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
18、Where are you going this afternoon? A、I’m going to the bookstore. C、I’m going to buy books. B、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
1. is your math teacher?
2. are you going to do?
3. are you going there?
4. do you get here on foot?
5. do you get up today?
5.What are you going to do?
10% Ⅱ栏 A. By bus. B. Yes, I do. C. Watching TV. D. No, I can’t. E. On foot.
六．将下列句子按正确的顺序排列。 分） （5 ( ( ( ( ( )A. But where is the bus stop? )B. Excuse me, can you tell me how I can get to the post office? )C. It's over there, on your right. )D. Thank you. )E. Yes, you can take bus No. 2 and get off at the second stop.
1. How do you go to school? Usually I go to school by plane.
1. Wait at a yellow light.
2. How can I get to ZhongShan Park? You can go by the No.15 bus.
3. Where is the cinema , please?
1.I am going to read a book at home.
2. Tom is going to the cinema.
3. My grandma is ill ,so I am going to visit her by bus .
4. The greens are going to the zoo on the weekend.
5. sarah is going to buy a comic book in the bookstore. 三．听音，连线。 Teacher: How do you go

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.883948
Retrieved Text: What does her friend do?
What holiday will she celebrate?
Charlotte: So what are you doing this weekend, Adrianna?
Adrianna: I’m going to Fukuoka with…to meet my friend.
Charlotte: Oh cool, how do you know her?
Adrianna: She went to university with me.
Charlotte: What’s she doing in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: She’s on the Jet Program, teaching.
Charlotte: Oh, cool. Does she like it?
Adrianna: Yeah, she likes it. She renewed her contract so this is her third year.
Charlotte: Excellent. Do you know what you are going to be doing down in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: I think she’s going to take me to a pub.
Charlotte: You’ve not been to any of them in Japan?
Adrianna: No, not.. first time. And we are going to…What are we going to do? Oh, we’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday and we’re going to go to a Karaoke.
Charlotte:OK, have you been to any Karaoke bars here?
Adrianna: Yeah, I went to a Karaoke bar in Roppongi.
Adrianna: Ah.. yeah. My Japanese isn’t too great.
Charlotte: What has she told you about Fukuoka?
Adrianna: How do you mean?
Charlotte: Like, do you know about the city?
She renewed her contract, so this is her third year.
I have to renew my contract next January.
Does she plan to renew her contract?
Have you been to any karaoke bars here?
It isn’t fun to live next to a karaoke bar.
They go to the karaoke bar once a month.
My Japanese is not too great.
My apartment is not too great, but the location is incredible.
The road is not too great during the winter.
We’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday.
Thanksgiving is my favorite

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.8500605
Retrieved Text: We are here with Autumn who has unfortunately found a fishing line with a fish hook on a dock in a lake near our area. So what we are going to have to do is give her a light sedation and we are going to go into her mouth and remove the fish hook. So what we do is we give her a little bit of a sedative, give her about 2/3 of what I think she needs and we’ll see how it goes. But with her moving her tongue there’s no way to actually get that hook out without having her fairly immobilized.
So what we are going to do is go ahead and get Patty over here to get the instruments, we are going to lay her on her side. Here you can see the fish hook stuck in there, so what we are going to do. As you can see she has a lot of swelling on her jaw there. We are going to go ahead and see if I can’t back it out, but I may not be able to. Because it has a barb on it, we don’t want to pull it backwards. So we are going to go ahead and cut the barb off, and then we are going to go ahead and back it out. (Orthopedic scissors). So now what we can easily do is back that out, there’s no sharp edge on it, and we got the hook out! Then we will go ahead and get her on some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.848972
Retrieved Text: Phoenix Business Coach | maximizing your potential.
You May have potential but if you do not take advantage of the opportunities that are going to be afforded you you are not going to reach your potential because you are going be too busy trying to catch up and realize some silly goal that you might have. We are going to be able to show you where to go in order to get started. Were going to be able to help you see that the success that we are going to implement. Really will be beneficial to making sure that you are going to get the answers that you are looking for.
Everything that were going to have here is going the absolute phenomenal. So call sub if you are sure to go. When you work with us. You are going be able to find yourself doing the things that are going to be important to you so reach out today and let us see what we are going to help you find in order for you to generate the success that you are wanting to generate. The only thing that is going to matter from here on out is that you are going to be able to get started with the best people so call sub today.
With these options here. You are going to be able to partner with us to get the help that you are wanting to achieve so when you want to work with the Phoenix Business Coach that is going to be actually terrific.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.8481774
Retrieved Text: If you are considering buying a new car, one of the first questions you are going to want to ask is: What Type Of Car Warranty Is Best For You? You want to know what is covered, what you are protected against, and how long the coverage term lasts, so you can make the right choice when you are going to buy a warranty. Since there are several options for coverage, and since each manufacturer is going to throw in something different, you have to compare a few, so that you can make the right choice when you are deciding on a vehicle, the warranty, what is covered, and whether or not you are going to need any additional coverage for that car.
Drivers have to consider, where they drive, how often they drive, the conditions, the local weather, and what the uses are going to be for the car. If you are in a more dangerous profession, or one where you put the car through many tough terrain and driving areas, you need more coverage, and a longer warranty. If you are a casual driver, and only go out to the grocery store, and local areas, you might not want to spend as much on an additional warranty for your car. You have to consider everything, from how much you drive, to the kind of driving that you do, and what you are going to be putting the car up against, in order to ensure you do choose the right protection on it.
With many warranties, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.847512
Retrieved Text: Learn how to do the Green Revolution yoyo trick.
Green Revolution Yoyo TrickThis trick is called Green Revolution. It looks like this.
Just like that. Green Revolution, when you do the trick, you are going to start with a reverse flip. What that is going to do, is it’s going to give you the momentum to toss the yoyo up. All you are going to do is, while the yoyo is up in the air, you are going to push your yoyo hand into that string and then catch the yoyo on the string.
The way that I did it right here, it actually ends up it is actually in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, (actually it is a Hydrogen Mount – which is technically a One-and-a-Half-Mount, just in a different setup) which is not a bad way to practice the trick. I’ll show you what I mean. You are going to push it up, push forward, and you are going to catch the yoyo, when you are practicing, you are going to catch the yoyo on that inside string. If you were to pinch the string here and do your Revolutions, which again, you can use to practice the trick, when you end it, it is going to end in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, which is not what you want. You want it to end in a Green Triangle.
What you can do, to make that Green Triangle happen, is, instead of landing that yoyo on the inside string, what you are going to do, is insert your thumb down here at the bottom

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.8432345
Retrieved Text: Join Eric Wing for an in-depth discussion in this video Adding a brace frame elevation, part of Revit 2018: Essential Training for Structure.
- [Voiceover] What I'd like to do now is create some lateral brace frames. Up to this point, we've done pretty much everything in 2D, especially in a 2D plan. What I want to do is put in a 3D element. However, we're going to remain in 2D. The trick here is we need to create an elevation and we need to set the reference plane onto a grid line. To do that, I'm going to go down to Level 2 in the Project Browser. What I'm going to do now, is I'm going to go to my View tab, and on the create panel I have an Elevation button.
I'm going to come to the side of it here, and I'm going to hit the dropdown, and I'm going to create a Framing Elevation. Go ahead and click on Framing Elevation. Now notice I can't put anything in until I find a grid line. So on this grid line, I'm going to come up here, and I'm going to pick a point about in the middle, outside looking in. Once I pick that, I have Elevation 1-a squarely placed in my plan. Perfect. I'm going to open this elevation up by double-clicking on Elevation 1-a.
In Elevation 1-a, I'm going to set my detail level to fine. Now in my Project Browser, I'm going to scroll down until I find Elevations (Framing Elevations). I'm going

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.84294
Retrieved Text: You want to know. We have the know-how.
You will receive the How To Make Easy Affiliate Commissions info immediately after completing this brief form.
Now in this video we’re going to do a brief course overview talk about the things that we will be discussing in order to get you started making money on line quickly.
Now in this course what we’re going to be doing is we’re going to be showing you the basics of making money online.
And may help you to earn money.
And I might add that we’re going to help you earn it quickly.
Now these are not going to be difficult steps that you’re going to have to take but you are going to be able to take positive steps forward in order to create an income apart from anything else you’re doing you going to be able to do this solely on the Internet.
Now we will help you to overcome the barriers to overwhelm people when it comes to using the Internet.
Order it make a profit.
Typically these things are technical.
Sometimes they are things that they you just don’t really know where to start.
We’re going to help you to cut through all of that information overload in order to actually literally earn something that you will be able to see tangibly in your bank account or pay pal account or what ever you are using in terms of generating income.
Now we will also be showing you how to find something to sell and you might be saying I’d love to make money online.
You know I’d

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.8373027
Retrieved Text: When you’re working with any level of government, you need to be certain that you’re doing as much as you can in order to stay ahead of everything that is going on. How do you ensure that you’re doing everything that you can in order to stay on top of things? Are there ways in which you can work out your dot medical certification without spending too much money? And are there options that can help you to get all of the certifications that you need without spending too much money to make it happen in the first place?
There are a lot of qualifications that you may be looking at in relation to everything that is going on around you, and so you want to be sure that you’re going to the classes necessary so that you can work out what you need to do and how you can get it accomplished. Not only will that allow you to see what can be best for your needs, but you’ll find that the whole thing is more affordable than it may have been otherwise as well.
Look at what is involved here and seek out the ways that you may want to proceed with the processes in question. You have a lot of certification options to choose from and, when you finally work out what needs to happen, you will be closer to figuring out what it is that you need to do as well. Find out what certifications you need, stay ahead of all that is going

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.8360868
Retrieved Text: （ ）1. Who has a birthday in Dec.?
A. Me. B. John. C. Zhang Peng.
（ ）2. When does Mike go to school?
（ ）3. What are you going to do tomorrow ?
（ ）4. How do you go to school?
（ ）5. What is Chen Jie going to do next week?
( ) 1. Zhang Peng is going to visit .
( ) 2. Zhang Peng is going by .
( ) 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore.
( ) 4. Zhang Peng’s grandparents live next to .
( ) 5. Mike and Zhang Peng are going after .
1. Where are you going? A. By train.
2. When are you going? B. Buy a comic book.
3. What are you going? C. Because I am going to visit my grandparants.
4. How do you go to the zoo? D. At 3 o’clock.
5. Why are you going? E. The fruit stand.
（　）1、Sarah is going to the bookstore on Saturday .
（　）2、 is the library ? It’s in front of the school .
（　）3、Turn right the school. Then go straight. It’s the left.
（　）4、 do you go to school, Sarah? I usually go to school by bus.
（　）5、Wait at a light.
（　）6、I’m going to Beijing the National Holiday.
（　）7、What are you going to do this afternoon?
A、I’m going to buy a book. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
C、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
（　）8、You can go to the zoo subway.
（　）9、Where is the post office? It’s west the cinema.
（　）10、Sarah, let’s to the park this afternoon.
（　）11、We live near the theme park. We go there by train.
We go there by bike.
（　）12、 you going to read a magazine tonight?
（　）13、What you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.834554
Retrieved Text: Arya Degenhardt: I'm totally overwhelmed by how on earth the Natural History Network is going to make our way in the world. I've been thinking a lot about these workshops and it made me think about this story about the desert pupfish and Phil Pister.
Arya Degenhardt: And I've got a bucket. And they went out with this bucket and they just scooped them all up. There was no plan. They didn't know what they were going to do once they had them in the bucket. But they knew they had to get them in the bucket, and then they'd figure out what to do. That's how I see these workshops. We're scooping everybody up and we're all in these buckets, and then we're going to figure out what to do. We don't know exactly what the outcome is and that's okay. But we do know there is a need, and we're going to hold those buckets until we figure out what we're going to do. And in the end, what that means is that we're not going to lose what we do have. It's only going to get better from there. And that just seems like, well, in the face of not knowing exactly what to do, that seems like a good first step.
Dan Campbell: That is a perfect story.

================



======= Instance Index 17935 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I had a good chat with Griffin , the customs official , as I went through . I got the shuttle easy enough , and eventually made my hotel . I milled around for a while , inquired about my tour at the front desk , and watched some C - SPAN to pass the time .
Question: What is going on ?
Options: 
- They are going home
 - They is traveling for business
 - They are running away
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: They is traveling for business

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.587601
Retrieved Text: 10:28 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:27 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:02 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
10:40 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:07 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post Trouble posting!
09:40 AM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
07:18 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
02:35 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:34 PM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
04:31 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:06 PM - 68T120R mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
11:39 AM - BonnieBlack mentioned Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:38 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
05:32 PM - Delta quoted Halfpint in post What the heck is going on with this site??
01:52 PM - Halfpint quoted Delta in post What the heck is going on with this site??
09:45 AM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in post What the heck is going on with this site??
12:10 PM - Halfpint quoted Opey521 in

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.228831
Retrieved Text: From the mind of Chris Fletcher, Whatigo is a discussion on environmental issues, science, social, music, art, politics, and economics with strongly worded opinions from both the host and his guests. Warning for strong language and deep insight that may change your social, political, religious, and spiritual views. This is a podcast for those seeking a rational voice of common sense to the ever increasing stupidity of the world. For those that beg to ask "WHAT IS GOING ON?": Welcome to Whatigo.
Chris talks with talks with Alex about the algorithms, Facebook, Amazon, & Google… Here is a crash course to get in the talk. The post Episode 14 – Whatigo rants and rages with Alex the Canadian about everything the “Algorithms” may or may not be doing … appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
A call out to the warning from 15,000 scientist about the state of our earth. They can’t be wrong, can they? A Second Notice | Source: Oxford Academic BioScience The post Episode 11 – 15,000 Scientists Can’t Be Wrong appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
With our first guest we talk about everything from plastics to truth in reporting… and wait till you hear the answers on the blame game! The post Episode 10 – Alex appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
Dunning Kruger effect…with Aliens and God…wait could this lead somewhere? Image: OneFailed Uplift by Tomasz Jedruszek The post Episode 09 – Aliens and God appeared first on Whatigo - What Is Going On.
We talk

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.18503
Retrieved Text: Explore what Luke might have thought was going on in this story, and how the suffering servant idea fits in all this. Then ask what do we think is going on with us as readers of this story today?
People to reflect on what they are looking for this week?
then same crowd turning on him by Friday.
is that what Luke thinks is going on here?
what stones are being talked about here?
was this the year the war for peace would begin?
6. So what does Luke think is going on here?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.167278
Retrieved Text: Dowse This... What is Going On With My Child?
Haven't we all wondered "What is Going On With My Child? Well this is why I created this set of charts. Children are pretty complex individuals and it is hard to know how we can help them traverse the world safely and effectively. This Booklet contains 76 Charts to help you to understand what is going on with your child and how you can help, this chart set alone contains 26 charts with a possible 571 items to dowse. There is even a chart for dowsing what is going on with your baby. Along with many charts to further investigate what is really going on.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.157695
Retrieved Text: What is going on with TDA?
What is going on with TPCA?
What is going on with GHPCA?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.100538
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Medici Masters of Florence (2016) - S01E04 Judgement Day!
What the hell is this? You can't be in here.
You can't be in here. This is a ladies' bathroom.
- Who the hell is in here? - Don't you even knock?
What the hell is this? What is going on here?
What in the bloody hell is this?
What the-- You can't be in here.
What the hell is going on in here? Nothing.
- What the hell are we doing here? - This is where you wanted to be, right?
- Here you go. - What the hell is this?
Here you are! What the hell is this?
- And what the hell is Gracie Law doing here? - She can't get enough of me.
what the hell is going on here?!!
What the hell's going on around here?
- What the hell is this? - Don't know.
but what in the holy hell are you talking about?
Now what in the hell is this?
Grace, what in the hell is this?
- What in hell is this? - Not now.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.084294
Retrieved Text: Beauty consultant Mia Do from Modern Day Spa demonstrates how to prep and apply wax to your legs.
Hi. I am Mye (ph) at Modern Day Spa. I am beauty consultant here and today we are going to show you how to wax your legs properly at home.
Now, what we are going to do now is apply the wax and I will show you how to remove it. What we are going to start with is taking muslin strip and basically what it is, is just a cloth strip use for waxing. You can pick it up at any beauty supply store and what we are going to do is place it directly on to where the wax is and just rub it firmly for a couple of seconds. Then once you are done with that, what you are going do is you are going to pull it up towards your body very quickly so its less painful.
Now, what I am going to show you next is how to remove the excess wax from your leg. What you are going to do is get some cotton, you are going to get some wax remover for the skin and youre just going to put a little bit to the area only where you see there is wax left on to the leg and youre just going to wipe until the wax goes away. Just let it dry for a couple of minutes, and then the next you are going to do is you are going to get some

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.04471
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to be able to understand how we can be able to make sure these things and more going to be able happen for you in a timely fashion? This is the case and you want to be able to understand how you might be able to have a your car repaired, you can always go to be able to see what we can be able to make sure that you’re going be able to get for yourself especially through Broken Arrow oil changes. This is going to be the much amazing we hope that people going be able understand what this is going to be able to mean for you as we will make sure that you have all these things and more for yourself as we can be able help people know exactly what this is going to be able to mean.
Making is happen, is going to be that much more amazing we hope that people going be able to understand what this action going to be able to mean for you as we possibly can be able help you have them many more greater opportunities to be able to know what is going to be the best possible thing for us to be able to make sure that you’re going be able the account evident to the many different opportunities to be able to make that this is going to be able actually happen. And making all this that much more clearly seen, is also can be them anymore greater

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.98716
Retrieved Text: Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?
Let's discuss what exactly is going on with the whole Henry Cavill debacle, is Ben Affleck still Batman, and why the CW Arrowverse just seems to get it and the films don't.
Notes and Nerds - Episode 008 - DC, What is going on!?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.9870896
Retrieved Text: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
Thread: What is going on with Imagine Dragons and their secrets?
I've seen some strange posts from Imagine Dragons on facebook lately, anyone have the scoop on what is going on? I'm out of the loop since I am working all the time!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.977542
Retrieved Text: https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-11-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-8-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-2.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/Fishing-Report-4-3-19.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04-1.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/PR04.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-12.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen for Rob and the Basin Tackle Coastal Fishing Report.
https://bestcountryfm.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/PR04-11.wav If you want to know what is going on with the fishing, crabbing and clamming conditions around the Charleston and Coos Bay area listen

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.9747925
Retrieved Text: One thing that we do here at the best dog training in Boise that separates us from every else is the puppy training that we offer and your gonna see that we’re going to be able to offer you the solutions that are going to make sure that you get the best results. Let’s say that your puppy is being tyrannical and it is tearing up the carpet and peeing on the lawn and you’re not really sure what to do with it than what you need to do is calls up to let us see were able to help you find we have the best solutions out there. So call Tip Top K9 to learn more today.
When you’re working with us you working with the best dog training in Boise and you’re going to find that at the end of the day your gonna see exactly what you are needing to see that is going to be able to benefit you in a way that is going to be so amazing that you’re going to want to use us time and time again. Pick up the phone to learn more about Tip Top K9 we can always visit our website to see all the different articles that we have on their that are going to inform you about what we offer.
The solutions that we offer you’re going to be the best solutions ever so whenever you use us you’re using the very best. Don’t hesitate any longer before letting us show you what we are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.963074
Retrieved Text: A prediction is a guess about what will happen next. When a reader actively engages in whatever they are reading, they naturally make predictions about what will happen next. They base these predictions off of what they have read and what they already know. By taking what they have read and what they already know, a reader can formulate what they think will happen next in the story.
Kim is so caught up in what’s happening on the computer, she goes for a drink of water, but since she’s caught up on what’s going on on the computer, she reaches over without really looking at the glass of water to grab it. The reader is going to assume that she’s going to knock over a glass of water.
That may not be what happens, but it’s a prediction either way. The prediction may come true, and the prediction may not come true. A reader is naturally going to make predictions about a passage. Making predictions is part of being actively engaged in what the reader is reading.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.9382176
Retrieved Text: What Are The Trends In Office Management?
The trends in office management are easy to work out and to know. It doesn't matter what the office if for and what the company does, they are going to have to have the same basis to work from and they are going to aim for the same management which is going to work for them.
Office management would be nothing without organization. You cannot have an office that is not organized, it simple wouldn't be possible! There would be no structure and nothing would ever get done on time or successfully.
Office management is not going to be the best that it can if the staff are not going to be trained properly. There are many different types of training that different offices do, but you can be sure that there are going to be many different trends that are also followed within the training that takes place.
Systems are very important. Without certain systems in place then office management simply wouldn't work. You are not going to be able to ensure that every target is met is there is not a system in place to help you with this and to ensure that you know when the target is for.
Trends in office management are simple, there needs to be organization and structure to ensure that there are not going to be any problems along the way. No matter what the office may be for, it is not going to be successful without these basic trends in place which have been tried

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.9334207
Retrieved Text: Today, we're going to discuss how to add accuracy reporting to an already existing neural network.
Here, we have a neural network that is learning to classify images from the classical MNIST dataset by using a simple one-layer neural network with a ReLU activation and using gradient descent on cross-entropy.
What we're going to do is we're going to take this model which we can see that it trains here, and we're going to look at the accuracy of the model and we're going to play around with a few things to see what we can do to make it work better.
So here, let’s just go over quickly what we have.
So here, we have a network that has an input variable x and two weight variables, W and b for the weight and the bias, that run them through ReLU activation.
We have a variable y_ that will contain the true labels for each dataset, and we run that through cross-entropy to get our loss function.
Then for each step in our loop, we say that we're on that step. We take a batch of data from our dataset and we train our model on that.
What we want to do is we want to get an understanding of how accurate our model is.
So the first thing that we're going to do is we’re going to define a variable that tells us if our prediction is correct or not.
We're going to do that by calling the tf.equal function on two instances of the tf.argmax function.
So what this is going to say,

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.9272647
Retrieved Text: : : : 2.COuld you explain the phrase 'what we knew going in' here? What does 'know' mean? And 'going in'?
: : : President George W. Bush's national security adviser on Thursday acknowledged there may have been flaws in prewar intelligence about Iraq but brushed aside calls for an independent investigation into the matter.
: : : "I think that what we have is evidence that there are differences between what we knew going in and what we found on the ground," Condoleezza Rice told CBS.
: : 2. "What we knew going in," here, means "what we knew in advance about what we'd find when we (the American armed forces) went into Iraq," as oppposed to what we actually found "on the ground," that is, in reality or on the hard earth of the actual place.
THank you for your previous answers, but I still got a problem. Why use continuous tense in "going in"?
"I knew doing something." Is this right? Is there any other verbs that can be used this way?
And do you know what does "participatory government" mean here?
"There will be no change whatsoever to the foreign and security policies the participatory government has pursued so far," presidential spokesman Yoon Tai-young told a briefing when asked why South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun had shaken up his security team.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.920637
Retrieved Text: between debts, profits and value.
us to go through all the arguments that we need to understand.
Our starting point is going to be the Pepsico example.
where Pepsico was trying to decide whether to issue debt or equity.
What we just learned is that most likely Pepsico will issue debt instead of equity.
That's what average companies do in the real world, right?
To do that, we're going to go back to financial statements.
Remember that we have the before and after, right?
meaning after the debt issues, right?
The difference here is that your interest payment is going up by $200 million, okay?
here I want to make it very clear, right?
The interest payment is going to reduce the company's earnings, right?
Very simple here, accounting, mechanical, there is nothing very deep going on.
Interest goes up, earnings go down.
to think about this right now at the beginning of this session, okay.
Is Pepsico more or less profitable after the debt issuance?
To answer that, we're going to go back to Corporate Finance I again.
like to use is what I call OPAT, Operating Profit After Taxes, okay?
your operating income minus the taxes that you pay to the government.
And what is very easy to show is that OPAT is going to go up with leverage.
So, Pepsico is actually going to become more profitable after the debt issuance.
if you remember the definition of OPAT, I'm really happy.
you to figured that out.
But in any case, let me show you what is going here, okay?
So, here at the bottom what I've done is I calculated the OPAT for Pepsico.
So for example, in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.90516
Retrieved Text: Hey, good morning guys. Matt De Fede with Realty Executives Elite Homes. This is the Nutley Real Estate Report. If you could see the board behind me, basically what’s going on right now is this, and I’m going to explain the opportunity here because a lot of people are worrying about the shift that you hear people talking about.
It’s not that bad. I’m going to tell you why in a minute. What we’re looking at right now is a median listing price of about $440,000 in Nutley. That’s the listed price, what the home is listed at, not what the home is sold at.
What matters is what price the home is sold at. We’re looking at $440,000 is the average list price when a home goes on the market in Nutley, and the average sold price is right now about $389,000. List price is $440,000, sold price is $389,000.
That’s what matters to appraisers is the actual sold price. You’re going to list a home for anything you want and you can have realtors tell you your house is worth millions of dollars, but it’s not going to happen when somebody goes to buy it because the market determines what the price is. Right now the market is determining that median priced home is $389,000.
That’s on an average. The other thing that has changed since May of this year is the actual days on market. We’re looking at an average of 60 to 61 days on the market now.
That’s two months. In May we were back at

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.8867145
Retrieved Text: Austin real estate photography | designers and more.
If you’re needing photography taken of your engine answer that you consult what you need to do is call sub the Full Package Media the Full Package Media by your side you’re getting the Austin real estate photography company that is going to be able to come out wherever you’re at take photos of it. If you have mourned 10 acres you want to get this photo taken care of you need to call sub today and let us show you what is going to separate us from anybody else. The sooner you call sub the sooner we’re going be of help you see. Don’t waste anymore time for letting us show you what is going to be at your disposal that.
With Austin real estate photography from Full Package Media at your disposal. You’re going be blown away with everything we can do were gonna be able to help you with your commercial real estate as well so give it giant building that needs be taken care of what were going to be able to do is find the unique shots are going to highlight the unique features and show people what they can use with it. Don’t waste a more time because the sooner you call sub the sooner we can begin and help you out working in the right direction with you.
so it. People don’t take into consideration how high quality photos can help their listings help with what we can build off you. It Full Package

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.8862257
Retrieved Text: 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore. A. story-book B. dictionary C. post card .
7、What are you going to do this afternoon? A、I’m going to buy a book. C、I’m going at 3 o’clock. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
18、Where are you going this afternoon? A、I’m going to the bookstore. C、I’m going to buy books. B、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
1. is your math teacher?
2. are you going to do?
3. are you going there?
4. do you get here on foot?
5. do you get up today?
5.What are you going to do?
10% Ⅱ栏 A. By bus. B. Yes, I do. C. Watching TV. D. No, I can’t. E. On foot.
六．将下列句子按正确的顺序排列。 分） （5 ( ( ( ( ( )A. But where is the bus stop? )B. Excuse me, can you tell me how I can get to the post office? )C. It's over there, on your right. )D. Thank you. )E. Yes, you can take bus No. 2 and get off at the second stop.
1. How do you go to school? Usually I go to school by plane.
1. Wait at a yellow light.
2. How can I get to ZhongShan Park? You can go by the No.15 bus.
3. Where is the cinema , please?
1.I am going to read a book at home.
2. Tom is going to the cinema.
3. My grandma is ill ,so I am going to visit her by bus .
4. The greens are going to the zoo on the weekend.
5. sarah is going to buy a comic book in the bookstore. 三．听音，连线。 Teacher: How do you go

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.883948
Retrieved Text: What does her friend do?
What holiday will she celebrate?
Charlotte: So what are you doing this weekend, Adrianna?
Adrianna: I’m going to Fukuoka with…to meet my friend.
Charlotte: Oh cool, how do you know her?
Adrianna: She went to university with me.
Charlotte: What’s she doing in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: She’s on the Jet Program, teaching.
Charlotte: Oh, cool. Does she like it?
Adrianna: Yeah, she likes it. She renewed her contract so this is her third year.
Charlotte: Excellent. Do you know what you are going to be doing down in Fukuoka?
Adrianna: I think she’s going to take me to a pub.
Charlotte: You’ve not been to any of them in Japan?
Adrianna: No, not.. first time. And we are going to…What are we going to do? Oh, we’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday and we’re going to go to a Karaoke.
Charlotte:OK, have you been to any Karaoke bars here?
Adrianna: Yeah, I went to a Karaoke bar in Roppongi.
Adrianna: Ah.. yeah. My Japanese isn’t too great.
Charlotte: What has she told you about Fukuoka?
Adrianna: How do you mean?
Charlotte: Like, do you know about the city?
She renewed her contract, so this is her third year.
I have to renew my contract next January.
Does she plan to renew her contract?
Have you been to any karaoke bars here?
It isn’t fun to live next to a karaoke bar.
They go to the karaoke bar once a month.
My Japanese is not too great.
My apartment is not too great, but the location is incredible.
The road is not too great during the winter.
We’re going to have a Thanksgiving celebration on Sunday.
Thanksgiving is my favorite

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.8500605
Retrieved Text: We are here with Autumn who has unfortunately found a fishing line with a fish hook on a dock in a lake near our area. So what we are going to have to do is give her a light sedation and we are going to go into her mouth and remove the fish hook. So what we do is we give her a little bit of a sedative, give her about 2/3 of what I think she needs and we’ll see how it goes. But with her moving her tongue there’s no way to actually get that hook out without having her fairly immobilized.
So what we are going to do is go ahead and get Patty over here to get the instruments, we are going to lay her on her side. Here you can see the fish hook stuck in there, so what we are going to do. As you can see she has a lot of swelling on her jaw there. We are going to go ahead and see if I can’t back it out, but I may not be able to. Because it has a barb on it, we don’t want to pull it backwards. So we are going to go ahead and cut the barb off, and then we are going to go ahead and back it out. (Orthopedic scissors). So now what we can easily do is back that out, there’s no sharp edge on it, and we got the hook out! Then we will go ahead and get her on some

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.848972
Retrieved Text: Phoenix Business Coach | maximizing your potential.
You May have potential but if you do not take advantage of the opportunities that are going to be afforded you you are not going to reach your potential because you are going be too busy trying to catch up and realize some silly goal that you might have. We are going to be able to show you where to go in order to get started. Were going to be able to help you see that the success that we are going to implement. Really will be beneficial to making sure that you are going to get the answers that you are looking for.
Everything that were going to have here is going the absolute phenomenal. So call sub if you are sure to go. When you work with us. You are going be able to find yourself doing the things that are going to be important to you so reach out today and let us see what we are going to help you find in order for you to generate the success that you are wanting to generate. The only thing that is going to matter from here on out is that you are going to be able to get started with the best people so call sub today.
With these options here. You are going to be able to partner with us to get the help that you are wanting to achieve so when you want to work with the Phoenix Business Coach that is going to be actually terrific.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.8481774
Retrieved Text: If you are considering buying a new car, one of the first questions you are going to want to ask is: What Type Of Car Warranty Is Best For You? You want to know what is covered, what you are protected against, and how long the coverage term lasts, so you can make the right choice when you are going to buy a warranty. Since there are several options for coverage, and since each manufacturer is going to throw in something different, you have to compare a few, so that you can make the right choice when you are deciding on a vehicle, the warranty, what is covered, and whether or not you are going to need any additional coverage for that car.
Drivers have to consider, where they drive, how often they drive, the conditions, the local weather, and what the uses are going to be for the car. If you are in a more dangerous profession, or one where you put the car through many tough terrain and driving areas, you need more coverage, and a longer warranty. If you are a casual driver, and only go out to the grocery store, and local areas, you might not want to spend as much on an additional warranty for your car. You have to consider everything, from how much you drive, to the kind of driving that you do, and what you are going to be putting the car up against, in order to ensure you do choose the right protection on it.
With many warranties, and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.847512
Retrieved Text: Learn how to do the Green Revolution yoyo trick.
Green Revolution Yoyo TrickThis trick is called Green Revolution. It looks like this.
Just like that. Green Revolution, when you do the trick, you are going to start with a reverse flip. What that is going to do, is it’s going to give you the momentum to toss the yoyo up. All you are going to do is, while the yoyo is up in the air, you are going to push your yoyo hand into that string and then catch the yoyo on the string.
The way that I did it right here, it actually ends up it is actually in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, (actually it is a Hydrogen Mount – which is technically a One-and-a-Half-Mount, just in a different setup) which is not a bad way to practice the trick. I’ll show you what I mean. You are going to push it up, push forward, and you are going to catch the yoyo, when you are practicing, you are going to catch the yoyo on that inside string. If you were to pinch the string here and do your Revolutions, which again, you can use to practice the trick, when you end it, it is going to end in a One-and-a-Half-Mount, which is not what you want. You want it to end in a Green Triangle.
What you can do, to make that Green Triangle happen, is, instead of landing that yoyo on the inside string, what you are going to do, is insert your thumb down here at the bottom

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.8432345
Retrieved Text: Join Eric Wing for an in-depth discussion in this video Adding a brace frame elevation, part of Revit 2018: Essential Training for Structure.
- [Voiceover] What I'd like to do now is create some lateral brace frames. Up to this point, we've done pretty much everything in 2D, especially in a 2D plan. What I want to do is put in a 3D element. However, we're going to remain in 2D. The trick here is we need to create an elevation and we need to set the reference plane onto a grid line. To do that, I'm going to go down to Level 2 in the Project Browser. What I'm going to do now, is I'm going to go to my View tab, and on the create panel I have an Elevation button.
I'm going to come to the side of it here, and I'm going to hit the dropdown, and I'm going to create a Framing Elevation. Go ahead and click on Framing Elevation. Now notice I can't put anything in until I find a grid line. So on this grid line, I'm going to come up here, and I'm going to pick a point about in the middle, outside looking in. Once I pick that, I have Elevation 1-a squarely placed in my plan. Perfect. I'm going to open this elevation up by double-clicking on Elevation 1-a.
In Elevation 1-a, I'm going to set my detail level to fine. Now in my Project Browser, I'm going to scroll down until I find Elevations (Framing Elevations). I'm going

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.84294
Retrieved Text: You want to know. We have the know-how.
You will receive the How To Make Easy Affiliate Commissions info immediately after completing this brief form.
Now in this video we’re going to do a brief course overview talk about the things that we will be discussing in order to get you started making money on line quickly.
Now in this course what we’re going to be doing is we’re going to be showing you the basics of making money online.
And may help you to earn money.
And I might add that we’re going to help you earn it quickly.
Now these are not going to be difficult steps that you’re going to have to take but you are going to be able to take positive steps forward in order to create an income apart from anything else you’re doing you going to be able to do this solely on the Internet.
Now we will help you to overcome the barriers to overwhelm people when it comes to using the Internet.
Order it make a profit.
Typically these things are technical.
Sometimes they are things that they you just don’t really know where to start.
We’re going to help you to cut through all of that information overload in order to actually literally earn something that you will be able to see tangibly in your bank account or pay pal account or what ever you are using in terms of generating income.
Now we will also be showing you how to find something to sell and you might be saying I’d love to make money online.
You know I’d

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.8373027
Retrieved Text: When you’re working with any level of government, you need to be certain that you’re doing as much as you can in order to stay ahead of everything that is going on. How do you ensure that you’re doing everything that you can in order to stay on top of things? Are there ways in which you can work out your dot medical certification without spending too much money? And are there options that can help you to get all of the certifications that you need without spending too much money to make it happen in the first place?
There are a lot of qualifications that you may be looking at in relation to everything that is going on around you, and so you want to be sure that you’re going to the classes necessary so that you can work out what you need to do and how you can get it accomplished. Not only will that allow you to see what can be best for your needs, but you’ll find that the whole thing is more affordable than it may have been otherwise as well.
Look at what is involved here and seek out the ways that you may want to proceed with the processes in question. You have a lot of certification options to choose from and, when you finally work out what needs to happen, you will be closer to figuring out what it is that you need to do as well. Find out what certifications you need, stay ahead of all that is going

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.8360868
Retrieved Text: （ ）1. Who has a birthday in Dec.?
A. Me. B. John. C. Zhang Peng.
（ ）2. When does Mike go to school?
（ ）3. What are you going to do tomorrow ?
（ ）4. How do you go to school?
（ ）5. What is Chen Jie going to do next week?
( ) 1. Zhang Peng is going to visit .
( ) 2. Zhang Peng is going by .
( ) 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore.
( ) 4. Zhang Peng’s grandparents live next to .
( ) 5. Mike and Zhang Peng are going after .
1. Where are you going? A. By train.
2. When are you going? B. Buy a comic book.
3. What are you going? C. Because I am going to visit my grandparants.
4. How do you go to the zoo? D. At 3 o’clock.
5. Why are you going? E. The fruit stand.
（　）1、Sarah is going to the bookstore on Saturday .
（　）2、 is the library ? It’s in front of the school .
（　）3、Turn right the school. Then go straight. It’s the left.
（　）4、 do you go to school, Sarah? I usually go to school by bus.
（　）5、Wait at a light.
（　）6、I’m going to Beijing the National Holiday.
（　）7、What are you going to do this afternoon?
A、I’m going to buy a book. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
C、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
（　）8、You can go to the zoo subway.
（　）9、Where is the post office? It’s west the cinema.
（　）10、Sarah, let’s to the park this afternoon.
（　）11、We live near the theme park. We go there by train.
We go there by bike.
（　）12、 you going to read a magazine tonight?
（　）13、What you

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.834554
Retrieved Text: Arya Degenhardt: I'm totally overwhelmed by how on earth the Natural History Network is going to make our way in the world. I've been thinking a lot about these workshops and it made me think about this story about the desert pupfish and Phil Pister.
Arya Degenhardt: And I've got a bucket. And they went out with this bucket and they just scooped them all up. There was no plan. They didn't know what they were going to do once they had them in the bucket. But they knew they had to get them in the bucket, and then they'd figure out what to do. That's how I see these workshops. We're scooping everybody up and we're all in these buckets, and then we're going to figure out what to do. We don't know exactly what the outcome is and that's okay. But we do know there is a need, and we're going to hold those buckets until we figure out what we're going to do. And in the end, what that means is that we're not going to lose what we do have. It's only going to get better from there. And that just seems like, well, in the face of not knowing exactly what to do, that seems like a good first step.
Dan Campbell: That is a perfect story.

================



======= Instance Index 21855 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I did n't have The Talk with my mom , we never went out and had our first grown up girl lunch together , she never explained to me what a period was and what was going to happened when or if I had children . Those conversations all took place in my imagination . To the family I conjured up in my brain .
Question: What is " the talk " ?
Options: 
- None of the above choices .
 - The talk is a game show held on news programs .
 - The talk is the first conversation held among the whole family .
 - The talk is a TV show that is on in the mornings .

Target Text: None of the above choices .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.776062
Retrieved Text: Talk about Season 8 of Supernatural here!
The Season 8 premiere of Supernatural airs on Oct. 3! Talk about it here.
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of We Need To Talk About Kevin?
Beware... Kevin's mom! Talk about the 10/10/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Quotes from "What's Up, Tiger Mommy?"
Talk about the 10/17/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hate It? What did you think of Heartache?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Bitten?
Benny's back! Talk about the 10/31/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Garth is back! Talk about the 11/7/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Southern Comfort?"
Talk about the 11/14/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of A Little Slice of Kevin?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Hunteri Heroici?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Citzen Fang?
Supernatural is back! Talk about the 1/16/13 episode here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Torn and Frayed?
Felicia Day is back! Talk about the 1/23/13 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "LARP And The Real Girl?"
You must remember this... talk about the January 30 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "As Time Goes By"?
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Everybody Hates Hitler?"
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of"Trial and Error"?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think about Man's Best Friend with Benefits?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think about Remember the Titans?
Supernatural is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.68568
Retrieved Text: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Subject: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
> logging in via mainstream browsers such as Firefox and Chrome.
Facebook, without letting even Facebook know where you are.
people to whom it does apply don't stand out.
Perhaps you think all Internet traffic should use onion routing.
[tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Prev by Date: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Next by Date: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Previous by thread: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Next by thread: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.6464615
Retrieved Text: What has been one of your happiest moments? Produced by DCTV Interns.
Street Talk - What Does Independence Day Mean To You?
INDEPENDENCE DAY? DCTV interns take a camera to the streets and ask residents thought provoking questions. This week's question: "What Does Independence Day Mean To You?"
Read more about Street Talk - What Does Independence Day Mean To You?
Street Talk: What is Your Opinion of the War in Iraq?
Produced by Vicki Taylor and S. Harris-Charron.
Read more about Street Talk: What is Your Opinion of the War in Iraq?
This week on Street Talk, The farmers discuss their products and we ask people what they think of them.
This week on Street Talk, How are Davis residents being affected by the downfall of the economy?
This week on Street Talk, Where are best Fries in Davis?
A Female President? Produced by DCTV interns.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.616694
Retrieved Text: ADHD: Is Negative Self-Talk Holding You Back?
What is negative self-talk? Is it common for those with ADHD? What’s the trick to overcoming negative self-talk? What is it about the real world that inhibits positive self-talk? In this episode of Attention Talk Radio, host Jeff Copper interviews Debra Burdick, psychotherapist, neurotherapist, and author on the topic. The two talk about negative self-talk, positive self-talk, the advantages of positive self-talk, and strategies around how to make the shift from negative to positive. Join us for this insightful episode.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.609973
Retrieved Text: One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised!!!
“Honor your father and your mother..!!! – Exodus 20:12.
– Exodus 20 : 12.
Have you ever thought about this deeply?
Lots of time people just talk.
People just make commitments, without considering the implications of what they are saying.
Talk is cheap, they say, but do you have to just talk?
Ecclesiates 6:11 – The more we talk, the less sense we make, so what good does it make to talk?
Job 38:2 -Why do you talk so much when you know so little?
Proverbs 14:13 – Proud fools are punished for their stupid talk, but sensible talk can save your life.
I often ask myself these days before I give my word; what value is what I am about to say to the person I am saying it to?
Will I regret what I am about to say later?
So consider carefully if you are able to keep your word before you utter them.
“I won’t break my agreement or go back on my word.” Psalm 89:34.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.605576
Retrieved Text: Careers Talk podcast: Are apprentices giving graduates a run for their money?
Careers Talk Careers Talk podcast: What is the impact of a bad career choice?
Careers Talk podcast: What is the impact of a bad career choice?
Careers Talk Careers Talk: Are you considering a degree-free career?
Careers Talk: Are you considering a degree-free career?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.59897
Retrieved Text: Will Season 2 be as fang-tastic as the first? Talk about it here!
The second season of The Vampire Diaries begins September 8! Note: spoilers for the season premiere might show up within though please try to keep them out of subject headers.
Liked it? Hated it? What did you think of "The Return?"
When Heroes used this title, it marked the end of the series. Let's hope The Vampire Diaries fares better. Talk about the 9/15/10 episode here!
How did Caroline get in her home?
It's a howling good time! Talk about the 9/23/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Bad Moon Rising?
Talk about the 9/30 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Memory Lane?"
Talk about the 10/7/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Kill Or Be Killed?"
Talk about the 10/21/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "Plan B"?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Masquerade?
The Vampire Diaries returns Dec. 2! Talk about the new episode here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "The Sacrifice?"
With a title like that, I'm expecting werewolves. Talk about the 12/9/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "By The Light Of The Moon"?
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "The Descent?"
New Vampire Diaries on Feb. 2! Let's pray they don't schedule a repeat to pre-empt Smallville again. Talk about "Daddy

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.552922
Retrieved Text: Paul is often referred to as “the great excluder” and is used by many to defend a legalistic view of Christianity. But what happens, Steve asks this week, if it’s not that the rules don’t matter, but the principle behind them matters more?
Read more about Chalke Talk 68: Is it the rules or principles behind them that matter more?
Read more about Chalke Talk 67: What does "living well" really look like?
Read more about Chalke Talk 66: Can you truly be ethical without connecting to a bigger story?
Read more about Chalke Talk 65: Should the Ten Commandments be obeyed or understood?
Read more about Chalke Talk 64: Is hope a mood or belief?
Read more about Chalke Talk 63: What is prayer?
Following last week’s Chalke Talk, Steve asks what does a person who places their ‘faith’ rather than their ‘belief’ in Christ actually look like?
Read more about Chalke Talk 62: Does belief have anything to do with faith?
This week Steve picks apart a modern misconception about the church. And it’s one that both church-goers and those who don’t fall for time after time: that faith is something exclusive to the faithful.
Read more about Chalke Talk 61: Is faith exclusive to the faithful?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.549314
Retrieved Text: What do you do when you’ve tried everything?
Have you ever had a dream that you try to make happen on your own but it just won't work? You try everything you know to do: you apply, you work-work-work, you pray, you talk to people who have done it, you cry yourself to sleep and shout at the ceiling, you give up and try … Continue reading What do you do when you’ve tried everything?
What Your Self Talk Says About You?
More than your job, your fashion or your friends, your self talk says a lot about you. Your self talk is the secret to your standards, your expectations, dreams and hopes. Your self talk is the expression of your emotional experience. Your self talk is constantly narrating, interpreting and creating your world. Your self talk … Continue reading What Your Self Talk Says About You?
We are always talking to ourselves. But the conversation is mostly laced with deception. With small white lies and rationalizations. And even more, with stories and fables about who God is and what he thinks about us. In my fantasy, God is mad. Still mad at me for that one thing. Or all those things. And so … Continue reading Why Not Tell Yourself The Truth?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.515871
Retrieved Text: Recovery Talk - from the Recovery Learning Series at SupportNet.ca - Resources for Your Recovery.
What you need to know - and why the way that we talk is important to recovery.
The things that we do and say have huge impact on our lives.
They affect our relations with others - the way that we feel - and the course of our lives.
The things that we do and say also change us on the inside.
Most of us talk a great deal each day - to others or to our selves - within our own mind.
Recovery Talk applies the Principles and Ways of Recovery to the things that we say.
The first principle is to always use the ‘I’ word.
Recovery Talk comes from personal experience. It is the way that we express our selves - and it is the most likely way for others to listen.
I used to think I could do this on my own. But I learned the hard way that it’s best for me to come to meetings.
Recovery Talk does not tell others what is best for them. It talks of what I have found is best for me.
The things that I say about my self - about my experience in addiction and recovery - help me to understand and to express my own experience.
We listen to the things that we say. It helps us to learn about our selves - and we can sometimes be surprised at what comes out of us.
Others also listen to what we have to say.
Listening to Recovery Talk is not like

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.513863
Retrieved Text: Sam Soffes and Caleb Davenport talk about Swift, iOS, and other things they like..
This week we talk about Firebase and how it allows you to buil a back end quickly so you can focus on what makes your app unique.
This week we talk about what the next iPhone might mean for developers and a few things we’d like to see at WWDC.
This week we talk about debugging system frameworks on iOS and macOS and some great tools that can help.
This week we talk about how to get started with Bluetooth Low Energy with an Arduino and Core Bluetooth on iOS.
This week we talk about the recent Uber news and the work Apple is doing to protect the privacy of users on iOS and macOS.
This week we talk about Swift ABI stability, why you probably don’t need it, and new features we’d like to see instead.
This week we talk about getting an app ready for production. What crash reporting, analytics, and deployment services we use and how we integrate them.
This week we talk about a few surprisingly simple things you can add to your apps that make them better iOS citizens.
This week we go deep on Protobufs and how to integrate them into an app.
This week we talk about WWDC Scholarships, a fun way to get started with hardware, and new projects we are working on.
This week we talk about a few big Swift proposals that add a lot of power and flexibility.
This week we talk about creating Swift types to solve interesting problems.
32: Where Do I

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.497922
Retrieved Text: What is ... the length of a potato?
This page hosts information on Josué Tonelli Cueto's talk "What is ... the length of a potato?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Monika Ludwig.
It's clear what someone means when E refers to the volume or the area of a potato, but if this same person starts to talk about its length, a sensible doubt about the meaningfulness of this concept arises. In this talk we will see how the length of a potato is a meaningful concept by introducing the so-called intrinsic volumes and reviewing some of their main properties. Note: Title stolen from one article of Schanuel.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.440606
Retrieved Text: I talk to actress and producer Julia about her history in acting and some of the things she is doing currently. We talk about her time in New York, about what draws her to a character and what she looks for in the work she does.
I talk to filmmaker Bill Doty about his documentary, Ghostumentary. We talk about other projects he has done and what he is working on. We also talk about how he got his start in the business and a lot about his his film.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.436217
Retrieved Text: Skip the small talk, make meaningful connections.
Big Talk is a communication approach that facilitates meaningful connections in life—with family, friends, coworkers, strangers, and even oneself—through the process of skipping small talk to ask more open-ended and thought-provoking questions. In turn, Big Talk elicits responses that help people build relationships and share their life stories. Big Talk is a video series, a card game, an educational and business tool, a government-funded international Fulbright research project, and a powerful platform that encourages people to share their most profound thoughts, feelings, and life stories—making their voices heard.
Who in this world do you love most and what are you doing about it?
What should people do more of?
What don’t you spend enough time doing?
If you could create and run your own country, what would it be like?
What is your earliest memory of achievement?
What gives you goose bumps?
If you could freeze time, what would you do?
Watch the viral video that started the Big Talk movement.
Watch the latest Big Talk video!
Join the Movement! Here are ways to make Big Talk.
"Kalina helped us bring Big Talk to Edovo and it quickly became one of the most popular options on the platform. A prison or jail isn’t always the most inviting space for a person’s deepest thoughts. With Big Talk, users have a private space for self-reflection and tools to build relationships and foster empathy. When students started the courses, we were blown away by their answers! Some told stories about fear and difficulties of adjusting to prison and the powerful lessons they’ve learned. In

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.434805
Retrieved Text: It’s not often you hear what goes on behind the scenes when a group of organizers is choosing what talks will be presented at a conference whether it be in industry or in academia. This talk is meant to remove that mysterious shroud and shed light on the Call for Presentations process of Circle City Con. This informative talk will both help speakers and potential speakers understand how the talk process works but will also provide some lessons learned for other conference organizers to use. I’ll talk about what I expected from the highest caliber talks, what worked and what didn’t with our process, how to maximize scheduling, and finally, how to keep your speakers happy during the vent itself! This talk will be one part education, one part entertainment, and one part documentary. At the end of the talk the audience will have a better idea on what makes a strong presentation submission and organizers will learn a few tricks of their own for choosing the best submissions possible.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.426585
Retrieved Text: Facilitating quality math talk in the classroom is essential to promote student learning. However, this can be very challenging.
One cornerstone of effective math talk, is the ability to listen, question, paraphrase and learn from other students. Despite the fact that teachers create classroom norms and expectations around effective communication, students may be inadvertently reinforced to listen to the teacher only.
This could happen for a myriad of reasons, like the teacher feels pressure to complete the lesson in a set time frame, or an overwhelming need to cover too much content, not wanting to embarrass a student who has just shared a misconception, perhaps we as teachers feel pressure to teach the way we were taught, or maybe we just do not yet see the importance of focusing on what the students are saying vs what we are teaching. Therefore we don’t appropriately follow through with student thinking. Regardless of the reason, it is important to recognize what our own patterns are so that we can adequately identify the steps that we need to help create a Math Talk Community.
What is a Math Talk Community?
What happens when a Math Talk Community develops?
In a math talk community, much like a #feedbackfriendly Classroom, students learn more deeply. This is because the time, space, and opportunity are provided to get at any misconceptions. If misconceptions are not addressed, then we can run into problems because this is where students may get stuck understanding what to do to get better, begin to fake what they know, and develop fixed mindsets and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.424099
Retrieved Text: What are your family’s talk spots?
What is a “talk spot”?
A talk spot is literally a spot to talk to someone. The idea behind talk spots is to remind people of times and places where it is ideal to be present in the moment and communicate with those around us. We get to the spot and it’s our incoming reminder: time to stop and talk!
Why do we need designated talk spots to remind us to stop and talk?
We live in a busy world that is driven by technology. We have a million things to do and are constantly distracted by screens, incoming texts, phone calls, and emails demanding our attention. More and more of our communication is happening via technology and there is less face to face conversation. All of these things can prevent us from recognizing the communication opportunities that are right in front of us.
Where can my talk spots be?
The table: Mealtimes are natural opportunities for conversation. You are sitting face to face and looking at each other, which is ideal for communication. Mealtimes provide opportunities to expand on your child’s vocabulary. You can label the food items (e.g., apple), describe the food (e.g., hot, cold, soft, crunchy), and talk about actions at mealtime (e.g., pouring the milk, cutting the meat). You can chat about what will be happening that day or what happened that day.
The car: When you are driving, you are forced to sit and slow down. It gives us the time to talk with our children and wait for a response. Slowing

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.381927
Retrieved Text: What if there were a secure walkie-talkie app that could do more than push-to-talk across any distance?
Now there is: Orion App Talk, a secure walkie-talkie app.
What is Orion App Talk?
App Talk is a new way to talk with your team on Orion using the Orion app.
With App Talk you can talk to teammates using the Talk Button in the Orion app, whether they're using Onyx smart walkie-talkies or the app.
Now, you can choose the way that makes the most sense for each person on your team.
Who is App Talk for?
Using App Talk makes it easy to communicate near-instantly with Onyx-using teammates who might be working at other locations, doing hands-on work, driving, or doing other work that requires complete focus.
How do I get App Talk?
App Talk is available today for iOS, and will be rolling out to Android soon.
Interested in learning more about Orion Pro? Find more details and sign up here.
Have questions or need help? Check out this article in the knowledge base.
© 2017 Orion Labs, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.372912
Retrieved Text: 1 How to apply a talk to me in korean discount code?
2 How to use talk to me in korean discount code on shipping?
3 What should I do if talk to me in korean discount code does not fit or accumulate?
We all love to look good, eat tasty and have a good rest. But we dont always have enough money for all our wants. How to deal with this? And what to do? There is an exit. These are Discount coupons and discounts as for example talk to me in korean discount code.
How to apply a talk to me in korean discount code?
In order to activate the talk to me in korean discount code you need to go to the website to place an order and then enter a talk to me in korean discount code in the basket. All discounts will be automatically calculated and applied.
How to use talk to me in korean discount code on shipping?
The logic and procedure for applying talk to me in korean discount code is as simple as you need to make an order and only then apply a coupon.
What should I do if talk to me in korean discount code does not fit or accumulate?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.372833
Retrieved Text: Children learn to talk by hearing other people talk. They hear all the people all around them talk. This process of listening to other people talk starts from the day they are born. Their little brains are hard wired to take in sounds and words from the very beginning.
Children, from babaies to pre-schoolers, learn language from the people around them. They learn language from the people they spend the most time with. This is usually the parent. However, it can be siblings, grandparents, even nannies and day care workers.
When children need some help learning to talk then the people they spend the most time with are the ideal people to do this. They can learn strategies from Speech Pathology sessions and apply these strategies to everyday activities. One session of Speech Pathology each week isn’t enough to make the changes your child needs. However, integrating suggestions from the Speech Pathologist across the whole day will! Children constantly listen, analyse, and storing the sounds and words they hear until they start to use it!
Talk about you are doing. Use short phrases or sentences to describe each step of what you do. Your Speech Pathologist can tell you exactly how many words to use in each phrase.
Lift you child up and get them to help you with each step as you ‘self talk’. Do this at home and do it when you go out. It may look strange to other people, but your child gets so many language learning opportunities. Before long, it will feel very natural to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.3695965
Retrieved Text: What is ... a moduli space?
This page hosts information on Fabian Müller's talk "What is ... a moduli space?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. The talk will take place on Friday, June 10, 1:00pm at the BMS Loft at Urania. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Valery Alexeev, which will start at 2pm.
We will again be ordering delivery pizza. If you would like to order pizza with us, please arrive to the "What is ...?" seminar by 12:45pm.
In modern algebraic geometry, moduli spaces provide a way of describing the set of isomorphism classes of various kinds of objects, such as curves, maps or vector bundles. While the points of the moduli space correspond just to these isomorphism classes, these spaces can be endowed with a much richer algebraic structure reflecting the way in which the objects under consideration behave in families.
The talk will give a low-level introduction to the concepts of fine and coarse moduli spaces, classifying maps and universal families. With an eye towards the subsequent talk by Valery Alexeev, we will also take a short look at the issues one encounters when one tries to compactify such spaces.
The video for Fabian's talk can be found at http://vimeo.com/25037827.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.369432
Retrieved Text: What is ... the Navier-Stokes equation?
This page hosts information on Ariane Papke's talk "What is ... the Navier-Stokes equation?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. The talk will take place on Friday, April 25, 1:00pm at the BMS Loft at Urania. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Eduard Feireisl, which will start at 2pm.
The motion of a fluid can be described by the Navier-Stokes equations. We discuss the forces acting on a fluid element and explore some applications.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.369124
Retrieved Text: In this episode, Don and Erik talk to Kathleen Donahue from the Labyrinth Game Shop in Washington DC about what they've played lately.
(32:41) Next, they answer a listener question and then talk about bring games from the game store to the classroom.
This episode is sponsored by Gigamic Games. No matter how you say it, Gigamic means fun.
In this episode, Don and Bruce talk to Erik Arneson about what they've been playing lately.
(28:10) Next, they are joined by Jason Matthews to talk about politics in games.
In this episode, Erik and Isaac talk about what they've played lately.
(41:37) Then, Erik and Isaac talk about Mechs & Minions and a few Kickstarters they are waiting on.
This episode is sponsored by Gigamic Games.
In this episode, Don and Bruce talk to Mike Selinker from Lone Shark Games about games they've played lately.
(30:10) Next, they talk about horro games.
As a bonus, the boys attempt to set the official world record on mispronouncing the game company Gigamic.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.339477
Retrieved Text: free advice on how to talk to girls!
Talk to stranger| Free online chat with people around the world| tutorial video. Direct Link of our channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/KuchV Our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/SinglesandMingles.official/ Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
Download Link: https://goo.gl/9jmNu9 Download Link: https://goo.gl/9jmNu9 How to Talk to a Girl you like how to talk to girls ? what to talk about with a girl you like ? Would you begin stuttering and forgetting yourself when you keep in touch with how to talk to girls ? In that case ? then it is time you are able to maintain and hold your own in a discussion and capture a girl's curiositty in virtually no time whatsoever. how to approach a girl to keep in touch with a girl, approach her in an amiable and informal method, and help her feel very special by how to talk to girls ? indicating curiosity about her ideas, paying compliments and utilizing body gestures. It might appear daunting, but by practicing it, you can talk to any girl. How to what to talk about with a girl ? Have you been battling daily with viewing the love of one’s existence being flattered by additional possible enthusiasts, how to approach a girl compreheding that you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.33149
Retrieved Text: I’ve been doing a lot of talks lately in which I encourage people to share with the wider community what they do (see my Employee Evangelism post). Be it through blog posts or talks or workshops, I believe everyone should be finding a way to teach others the things that they’ve learnt or they’ve done.
One of the most common things that I hear from people though is that they’d love to do more of this, but that they don’t have anything worth talking about.
And that’s absolutely not true.
Everyone has something that’s worth sharing with others. Every person knows something that others don’t. It’s very easy to undervalue the things that we know, and that we assume are common knowledge. You might not be the “number one expert” in something, but honestly you don’t have to be to be the one talking about it. In some areas actually being a non-expert might give you a different and perhaps a more relatable perspective, allowing other non-experts to easier understand the topic.
But how do you discover what you should be talking about?
I thought I’d share some tips and tricks of how I approach coming up with my talk (and blog post) ideas and turn it into an exercise of sorts that anyone can start with.
Location: where are you doing this talk? Is it at a specific conference or meetup? Is it internally at work? Who is your audience? What is their background? What do they know already?
Format: how long is the talk? Is it a lightning talk or a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.31221
Retrieved Text: When Is National Donut Talk To Me Day?
Is It Donut Talk To Me Day Today?
It's Donut Talk To Me day on the 5th of June.
The most recent detection of references to Donut Talk To Me Day was 1 year, 10 months ago.
How Is The Date For Donut Talk To Me Day Calculated?
The day shown for 'National Donut Talk To Me Day' is based off how much chitter-chatter and buzz there was on June 5, 2015 across social media making references to 'Donut Talk To Me Day'. Our algorithms examine all of the references to National Days across social media and updates whatnationaldayisit.com hourly, with our homepage displaying the current national day, including others such as: Hug Your Cat, Cheese or Donut Donut Day. This crowdsourcing of data method to assess the National Donut Talk To Me Day date is used as opposed to being connected with any Government sacntioned lists :D Hurrah for democracy by concensus!
We've put together the following resources full of nifty tips on how to increase the reach of Donut Talk To Me Day. The resources include: graphs, badges, and resources on what steps to take to boost Donut Talk To Me Day's visibility.
Can I Register Donut Talk To Me Day?
We don't have an international authority or governmental remit to declare any officially celebrated "national Donut Talk To Me day". We only aim to programatically reflect what 'National Day' it is based of what The Internet Says It Is. We believe this is much more fun as it reflects the nature of how

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.302611
Retrieved Text: Counselors will be available for brief, informal, free and confidential, drop-in consultations at the following locations and times (Sept - May).
Get support for whatever is on your mind...anxiety, stress, academic problems, relationships, family problems, roommate conflicts, health issues, financial problems, and other concerns.
Q: What is “Let’s Talk”?
“Let’s Talk” is a program that provides easy access to informal confidential consultations with counselors from UMD Health Services. Counselors hold walk-in hours at a site on campus on scheduled days. There is no appointment or fee necessary.
Q: What happens at a visit to “Let’s Talk”?
Appointments are on a first-come, first-served basis. When you arrive at the site, look to see if the office door is open. If it is, please come on in. If the door is closed, please wait until the counselor is done with that consultation and the door is open again. The wait is usually not long. The counselor will listen closely to your concerns and provide support, perspective and suggestions for resources to assist you.
Q: What are common concerns that people bring up at “Let’s Talk”?
Students come in with a variety of concerns; no topic is off limits. Common concerns include; stress, relationships, academic performance, financial struggles, sadness, worry and family problems.
Q: Who should visit “Let’s Talk”?
Students who are not sure about counseling and wonder what it would be like to talk with a counselor.
Students who are not interested in ongoing counseling, but would like the perspective of a counselor.
Students who have concern about a friend and want some ideas about what to do.
Q: I

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.300844
Retrieved Text: Mariko Tamaki is in town to talk about, well, talk. The award-winning Canadian writer chats with author Maria Lewis about the importance of dialogue in her graphic novels Skim and This One Summer, and in comics such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Supergirl, The Hulk and Adventure Time. What do we mean when we talk about talk? What does talk tell us about a person? How can writers use talk to create interesting characters? Join Mariko and Maria at this talkfest.
Supported by the City of Parramatta and the Consulate General of Canada, Sydney.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.29909
Retrieved Text: Let’s Talk: Veggies. A series.
This is a) a really great suggestion and b) a helpful topic to any gardener. There is so much to talk about that I thought I’d turn it into a series. A spotlight on common veggies and their varieties- what I’ve tried, what has worked, what I want to try in the future.
I plan to talk about all the criteria I sort through and use when choosing varieties. I’ll talk about what I’ve grown, what I varieties I love, and which ones were a dud for me. I’ll also get into what sorts of veg are (to me) worth the space and effort and which ones are not. Of course, your mileage on these may vary and I look forward to your comments on each one.
As they all go up, I’ll also create a new page (which can be found up under the “Menu” button) where each entry can be found. I’ll call it “Let’s Talk Veggies”. There will also be a dedicated category in the search function “Let’s Talk” so you can find them quick and easy.
My hope is that this will be a great place for all of us to share varieties you love and loathe, tips and tricks, and any kernels of wisdom that you’d like to share. I hope you all are as excited as I am!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.292649
Retrieved Text: What is ... a (Discontinuous) Galerkin Finite Element Method?
This page hosts information on Lasse Hinrichsen's talk "What is ... a (Discontinuous) Galerkin Finite Element Method?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Endre Süli.
Many physical phenomena are modeled by partial differential equations (PDEs) that cannot be solved analytically anymore. Thus our aim is to compute a -hopefully- reliable approximation of the solution to such a PDE. One of the basic steps is to transfer the infinite-dimensional problem to something that computers -with finite memory- can handle. In this What is... talk, we will get an idea how the Galerkin Finite Element Method (FEM) serves this purpose. In the end, we shall also see a special variant, namely the Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) method, and discuss its uses.

================



======= Instance Index 21856 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I did n't have The Talk with my mom , we never went out and had our first grown up girl lunch together , she never explained to me what a period was and what was going to happened when or if I had children . Those conversations all took place in my imagination . To the family I conjured up in my brain .
Question: What is " the talk " ?
Options: 
- The talk is the first conversation held among the whole family .
 - The talk is a TV show that is on in the mornings .
 - The talk is a game show held on news programs .
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: None of the above choices .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.776062
Retrieved Text: Talk about Season 8 of Supernatural here!
The Season 8 premiere of Supernatural airs on Oct. 3! Talk about it here.
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of We Need To Talk About Kevin?
Beware... Kevin's mom! Talk about the 10/10/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Quotes from "What's Up, Tiger Mommy?"
Talk about the 10/17/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hate It? What did you think of Heartache?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Bitten?
Benny's back! Talk about the 10/31/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Garth is back! Talk about the 11/7/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Southern Comfort?"
Talk about the 11/14/12 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of A Little Slice of Kevin?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Hunteri Heroici?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Citzen Fang?
Supernatural is back! Talk about the 1/16/13 episode here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Torn and Frayed?
Felicia Day is back! Talk about the 1/23/13 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "LARP And The Real Girl?"
You must remember this... talk about the January 30 episode of Supernatural here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "As Time Goes By"?
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Everybody Hates Hitler?"
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of"Trial and Error"?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think about Man's Best Friend with Benefits?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think about Remember the Titans?
Supernatural is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.68568
Retrieved Text: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Subject: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
> logging in via mainstream browsers such as Firefox and Chrome.
Facebook, without letting even Facebook know where you are.
people to whom it does apply don't stand out.
Perhaps you think all Internet traffic should use onion routing.
[tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Prev by Date: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Next by Date: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Previous by thread: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?
Next by thread: Re: [tor-talk] What good is using Facebook through https://facebookcorewwwi.onion/ ?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.6464615
Retrieved Text: What has been one of your happiest moments? Produced by DCTV Interns.
Street Talk - What Does Independence Day Mean To You?
INDEPENDENCE DAY? DCTV interns take a camera to the streets and ask residents thought provoking questions. This week's question: "What Does Independence Day Mean To You?"
Read more about Street Talk - What Does Independence Day Mean To You?
Street Talk: What is Your Opinion of the War in Iraq?
Produced by Vicki Taylor and S. Harris-Charron.
Read more about Street Talk: What is Your Opinion of the War in Iraq?
This week on Street Talk, The farmers discuss their products and we ask people what they think of them.
This week on Street Talk, How are Davis residents being affected by the downfall of the economy?
This week on Street Talk, Where are best Fries in Davis?
A Female President? Produced by DCTV interns.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.616694
Retrieved Text: ADHD: Is Negative Self-Talk Holding You Back?
What is negative self-talk? Is it common for those with ADHD? What’s the trick to overcoming negative self-talk? What is it about the real world that inhibits positive self-talk? In this episode of Attention Talk Radio, host Jeff Copper interviews Debra Burdick, psychotherapist, neurotherapist, and author on the topic. The two talk about negative self-talk, positive self-talk, the advantages of positive self-talk, and strategies around how to make the shift from negative to positive. Join us for this insightful episode.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.609973
Retrieved Text: One of the truest tests of integrity is its blunt refusal to be compromised!!!
“Honor your father and your mother..!!! – Exodus 20:12.
– Exodus 20 : 12.
Have you ever thought about this deeply?
Lots of time people just talk.
People just make commitments, without considering the implications of what they are saying.
Talk is cheap, they say, but do you have to just talk?
Ecclesiates 6:11 – The more we talk, the less sense we make, so what good does it make to talk?
Job 38:2 -Why do you talk so much when you know so little?
Proverbs 14:13 – Proud fools are punished for their stupid talk, but sensible talk can save your life.
I often ask myself these days before I give my word; what value is what I am about to say to the person I am saying it to?
Will I regret what I am about to say later?
So consider carefully if you are able to keep your word before you utter them.
“I won’t break my agreement or go back on my word.” Psalm 89:34.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.605576
Retrieved Text: Careers Talk podcast: Are apprentices giving graduates a run for their money?
Careers Talk Careers Talk podcast: What is the impact of a bad career choice?
Careers Talk podcast: What is the impact of a bad career choice?
Careers Talk Careers Talk: Are you considering a degree-free career?
Careers Talk: Are you considering a degree-free career?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.59897
Retrieved Text: Will Season 2 be as fang-tastic as the first? Talk about it here!
The second season of The Vampire Diaries begins September 8! Note: spoilers for the season premiere might show up within though please try to keep them out of subject headers.
Liked it? Hated it? What did you think of "The Return?"
When Heroes used this title, it marked the end of the series. Let's hope The Vampire Diaries fares better. Talk about the 9/15/10 episode here!
How did Caroline get in her home?
It's a howling good time! Talk about the 9/23/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Bad Moon Rising?
Talk about the 9/30 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Memory Lane?"
Talk about the 10/7/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "Kill Or Be Killed?"
Talk about the 10/21/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "Plan B"?
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of Masquerade?
The Vampire Diaries returns Dec. 2! Talk about the new episode here!
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "The Sacrifice?"
With a title like that, I'm expecting werewolves. Talk about the 12/9/10 episode of The Vampire Diaries here!
Loved it? Hated it? What did you think of "By The Light Of The Moon"?
Loved It? Hated It? What did you think of "The Descent?"
New Vampire Diaries on Feb. 2! Let's pray they don't schedule a repeat to pre-empt Smallville again. Talk about "Daddy

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.552922
Retrieved Text: Paul is often referred to as “the great excluder” and is used by many to defend a legalistic view of Christianity. But what happens, Steve asks this week, if it’s not that the rules don’t matter, but the principle behind them matters more?
Read more about Chalke Talk 68: Is it the rules or principles behind them that matter more?
Read more about Chalke Talk 67: What does "living well" really look like?
Read more about Chalke Talk 66: Can you truly be ethical without connecting to a bigger story?
Read more about Chalke Talk 65: Should the Ten Commandments be obeyed or understood?
Read more about Chalke Talk 64: Is hope a mood or belief?
Read more about Chalke Talk 63: What is prayer?
Following last week’s Chalke Talk, Steve asks what does a person who places their ‘faith’ rather than their ‘belief’ in Christ actually look like?
Read more about Chalke Talk 62: Does belief have anything to do with faith?
This week Steve picks apart a modern misconception about the church. And it’s one that both church-goers and those who don’t fall for time after time: that faith is something exclusive to the faithful.
Read more about Chalke Talk 61: Is faith exclusive to the faithful?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.549314
Retrieved Text: What do you do when you’ve tried everything?
Have you ever had a dream that you try to make happen on your own but it just won't work? You try everything you know to do: you apply, you work-work-work, you pray, you talk to people who have done it, you cry yourself to sleep and shout at the ceiling, you give up and try … Continue reading What do you do when you’ve tried everything?
What Your Self Talk Says About You?
More than your job, your fashion or your friends, your self talk says a lot about you. Your self talk is the secret to your standards, your expectations, dreams and hopes. Your self talk is the expression of your emotional experience. Your self talk is constantly narrating, interpreting and creating your world. Your self talk … Continue reading What Your Self Talk Says About You?
We are always talking to ourselves. But the conversation is mostly laced with deception. With small white lies and rationalizations. And even more, with stories and fables about who God is and what he thinks about us. In my fantasy, God is mad. Still mad at me for that one thing. Or all those things. And so … Continue reading Why Not Tell Yourself The Truth?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.515871
Retrieved Text: Recovery Talk - from the Recovery Learning Series at SupportNet.ca - Resources for Your Recovery.
What you need to know - and why the way that we talk is important to recovery.
The things that we do and say have huge impact on our lives.
They affect our relations with others - the way that we feel - and the course of our lives.
The things that we do and say also change us on the inside.
Most of us talk a great deal each day - to others or to our selves - within our own mind.
Recovery Talk applies the Principles and Ways of Recovery to the things that we say.
The first principle is to always use the ‘I’ word.
Recovery Talk comes from personal experience. It is the way that we express our selves - and it is the most likely way for others to listen.
I used to think I could do this on my own. But I learned the hard way that it’s best for me to come to meetings.
Recovery Talk does not tell others what is best for them. It talks of what I have found is best for me.
The things that I say about my self - about my experience in addiction and recovery - help me to understand and to express my own experience.
We listen to the things that we say. It helps us to learn about our selves - and we can sometimes be surprised at what comes out of us.
Others also listen to what we have to say.
Listening to Recovery Talk is not like

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.513863
Retrieved Text: Sam Soffes and Caleb Davenport talk about Swift, iOS, and other things they like..
This week we talk about Firebase and how it allows you to buil a back end quickly so you can focus on what makes your app unique.
This week we talk about what the next iPhone might mean for developers and a few things we’d like to see at WWDC.
This week we talk about debugging system frameworks on iOS and macOS and some great tools that can help.
This week we talk about how to get started with Bluetooth Low Energy with an Arduino and Core Bluetooth on iOS.
This week we talk about the recent Uber news and the work Apple is doing to protect the privacy of users on iOS and macOS.
This week we talk about Swift ABI stability, why you probably don’t need it, and new features we’d like to see instead.
This week we talk about getting an app ready for production. What crash reporting, analytics, and deployment services we use and how we integrate them.
This week we talk about a few surprisingly simple things you can add to your apps that make them better iOS citizens.
This week we go deep on Protobufs and how to integrate them into an app.
This week we talk about WWDC Scholarships, a fun way to get started with hardware, and new projects we are working on.
This week we talk about a few big Swift proposals that add a lot of power and flexibility.
This week we talk about creating Swift types to solve interesting problems.
32: Where Do I

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.497922
Retrieved Text: What is ... the length of a potato?
This page hosts information on Josué Tonelli Cueto's talk "What is ... the length of a potato?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Monika Ludwig.
It's clear what someone means when E refers to the volume or the area of a potato, but if this same person starts to talk about its length, a sensible doubt about the meaningfulness of this concept arises. In this talk we will see how the length of a potato is a meaningful concept by introducing the so-called intrinsic volumes and reviewing some of their main properties. Note: Title stolen from one article of Schanuel.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.440606
Retrieved Text: I talk to actress and producer Julia about her history in acting and some of the things she is doing currently. We talk about her time in New York, about what draws her to a character and what she looks for in the work she does.
I talk to filmmaker Bill Doty about his documentary, Ghostumentary. We talk about other projects he has done and what he is working on. We also talk about how he got his start in the business and a lot about his his film.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.436217
Retrieved Text: Skip the small talk, make meaningful connections.
Big Talk is a communication approach that facilitates meaningful connections in life—with family, friends, coworkers, strangers, and even oneself—through the process of skipping small talk to ask more open-ended and thought-provoking questions. In turn, Big Talk elicits responses that help people build relationships and share their life stories. Big Talk is a video series, a card game, an educational and business tool, a government-funded international Fulbright research project, and a powerful platform that encourages people to share their most profound thoughts, feelings, and life stories—making their voices heard.
Who in this world do you love most and what are you doing about it?
What should people do more of?
What don’t you spend enough time doing?
If you could create and run your own country, what would it be like?
What is your earliest memory of achievement?
What gives you goose bumps?
If you could freeze time, what would you do?
Watch the viral video that started the Big Talk movement.
Watch the latest Big Talk video!
Join the Movement! Here are ways to make Big Talk.
"Kalina helped us bring Big Talk to Edovo and it quickly became one of the most popular options on the platform. A prison or jail isn’t always the most inviting space for a person’s deepest thoughts. With Big Talk, users have a private space for self-reflection and tools to build relationships and foster empathy. When students started the courses, we were blown away by their answers! Some told stories about fear and difficulties of adjusting to prison and the powerful lessons they’ve learned. In

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.434805
Retrieved Text: It’s not often you hear what goes on behind the scenes when a group of organizers is choosing what talks will be presented at a conference whether it be in industry or in academia. This talk is meant to remove that mysterious shroud and shed light on the Call for Presentations process of Circle City Con. This informative talk will both help speakers and potential speakers understand how the talk process works but will also provide some lessons learned for other conference organizers to use. I’ll talk about what I expected from the highest caliber talks, what worked and what didn’t with our process, how to maximize scheduling, and finally, how to keep your speakers happy during the vent itself! This talk will be one part education, one part entertainment, and one part documentary. At the end of the talk the audience will have a better idea on what makes a strong presentation submission and organizers will learn a few tricks of their own for choosing the best submissions possible.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.426585
Retrieved Text: Facilitating quality math talk in the classroom is essential to promote student learning. However, this can be very challenging.
One cornerstone of effective math talk, is the ability to listen, question, paraphrase and learn from other students. Despite the fact that teachers create classroom norms and expectations around effective communication, students may be inadvertently reinforced to listen to the teacher only.
This could happen for a myriad of reasons, like the teacher feels pressure to complete the lesson in a set time frame, or an overwhelming need to cover too much content, not wanting to embarrass a student who has just shared a misconception, perhaps we as teachers feel pressure to teach the way we were taught, or maybe we just do not yet see the importance of focusing on what the students are saying vs what we are teaching. Therefore we don’t appropriately follow through with student thinking. Regardless of the reason, it is important to recognize what our own patterns are so that we can adequately identify the steps that we need to help create a Math Talk Community.
What is a Math Talk Community?
What happens when a Math Talk Community develops?
In a math talk community, much like a #feedbackfriendly Classroom, students learn more deeply. This is because the time, space, and opportunity are provided to get at any misconceptions. If misconceptions are not addressed, then we can run into problems because this is where students may get stuck understanding what to do to get better, begin to fake what they know, and develop fixed mindsets and

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.424099
Retrieved Text: What are your family’s talk spots?
What is a “talk spot”?
A talk spot is literally a spot to talk to someone. The idea behind talk spots is to remind people of times and places where it is ideal to be present in the moment and communicate with those around us. We get to the spot and it’s our incoming reminder: time to stop and talk!
Why do we need designated talk spots to remind us to stop and talk?
We live in a busy world that is driven by technology. We have a million things to do and are constantly distracted by screens, incoming texts, phone calls, and emails demanding our attention. More and more of our communication is happening via technology and there is less face to face conversation. All of these things can prevent us from recognizing the communication opportunities that are right in front of us.
Where can my talk spots be?
The table: Mealtimes are natural opportunities for conversation. You are sitting face to face and looking at each other, which is ideal for communication. Mealtimes provide opportunities to expand on your child’s vocabulary. You can label the food items (e.g., apple), describe the food (e.g., hot, cold, soft, crunchy), and talk about actions at mealtime (e.g., pouring the milk, cutting the meat). You can chat about what will be happening that day or what happened that day.
The car: When you are driving, you are forced to sit and slow down. It gives us the time to talk with our children and wait for a response. Slowing

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.381927
Retrieved Text: What if there were a secure walkie-talkie app that could do more than push-to-talk across any distance?
Now there is: Orion App Talk, a secure walkie-talkie app.
What is Orion App Talk?
App Talk is a new way to talk with your team on Orion using the Orion app.
With App Talk you can talk to teammates using the Talk Button in the Orion app, whether they're using Onyx smart walkie-talkies or the app.
Now, you can choose the way that makes the most sense for each person on your team.
Who is App Talk for?
Using App Talk makes it easy to communicate near-instantly with Onyx-using teammates who might be working at other locations, doing hands-on work, driving, or doing other work that requires complete focus.
How do I get App Talk?
App Talk is available today for iOS, and will be rolling out to Android soon.
Interested in learning more about Orion Pro? Find more details and sign up here.
Have questions or need help? Check out this article in the knowledge base.
© 2017 Orion Labs, Inc. All rights reserved.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.372912
Retrieved Text: 1 How to apply a talk to me in korean discount code?
2 How to use talk to me in korean discount code on shipping?
3 What should I do if talk to me in korean discount code does not fit or accumulate?
We all love to look good, eat tasty and have a good rest. But we dont always have enough money for all our wants. How to deal with this? And what to do? There is an exit. These are Discount coupons and discounts as for example talk to me in korean discount code.
How to apply a talk to me in korean discount code?
In order to activate the talk to me in korean discount code you need to go to the website to place an order and then enter a talk to me in korean discount code in the basket. All discounts will be automatically calculated and applied.
How to use talk to me in korean discount code on shipping?
The logic and procedure for applying talk to me in korean discount code is as simple as you need to make an order and only then apply a coupon.
What should I do if talk to me in korean discount code does not fit or accumulate?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.372833
Retrieved Text: Children learn to talk by hearing other people talk. They hear all the people all around them talk. This process of listening to other people talk starts from the day they are born. Their little brains are hard wired to take in sounds and words from the very beginning.
Children, from babaies to pre-schoolers, learn language from the people around them. They learn language from the people they spend the most time with. This is usually the parent. However, it can be siblings, grandparents, even nannies and day care workers.
When children need some help learning to talk then the people they spend the most time with are the ideal people to do this. They can learn strategies from Speech Pathology sessions and apply these strategies to everyday activities. One session of Speech Pathology each week isn’t enough to make the changes your child needs. However, integrating suggestions from the Speech Pathologist across the whole day will! Children constantly listen, analyse, and storing the sounds and words they hear until they start to use it!
Talk about you are doing. Use short phrases or sentences to describe each step of what you do. Your Speech Pathologist can tell you exactly how many words to use in each phrase.
Lift you child up and get them to help you with each step as you ‘self talk’. Do this at home and do it when you go out. It may look strange to other people, but your child gets so many language learning opportunities. Before long, it will feel very natural to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.3695965
Retrieved Text: What is ... a moduli space?
This page hosts information on Fabian Müller's talk "What is ... a moduli space?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. The talk will take place on Friday, June 10, 1:00pm at the BMS Loft at Urania. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Valery Alexeev, which will start at 2pm.
We will again be ordering delivery pizza. If you would like to order pizza with us, please arrive to the "What is ...?" seminar by 12:45pm.
In modern algebraic geometry, moduli spaces provide a way of describing the set of isomorphism classes of various kinds of objects, such as curves, maps or vector bundles. While the points of the moduli space correspond just to these isomorphism classes, these spaces can be endowed with a much richer algebraic structure reflecting the way in which the objects under consideration behave in families.
The talk will give a low-level introduction to the concepts of fine and coarse moduli spaces, classifying maps and universal families. With an eye towards the subsequent talk by Valery Alexeev, we will also take a short look at the issues one encounters when one tries to compactify such spaces.
The video for Fabian's talk can be found at http://vimeo.com/25037827.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.369432
Retrieved Text: What is ... the Navier-Stokes equation?
This page hosts information on Ariane Papke's talk "What is ... the Navier-Stokes equation?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. The talk will take place on Friday, April 25, 1:00pm at the BMS Loft at Urania. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Eduard Feireisl, which will start at 2pm.
The motion of a fluid can be described by the Navier-Stokes equations. We discuss the forces acting on a fluid element and explore some applications.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.369124
Retrieved Text: In this episode, Don and Erik talk to Kathleen Donahue from the Labyrinth Game Shop in Washington DC about what they've played lately.
(32:41) Next, they answer a listener question and then talk about bring games from the game store to the classroom.
This episode is sponsored by Gigamic Games. No matter how you say it, Gigamic means fun.
In this episode, Don and Bruce talk to Erik Arneson about what they've been playing lately.
(28:10) Next, they are joined by Jason Matthews to talk about politics in games.
In this episode, Erik and Isaac talk about what they've played lately.
(41:37) Then, Erik and Isaac talk about Mechs & Minions and a few Kickstarters they are waiting on.
This episode is sponsored by Gigamic Games.
In this episode, Don and Bruce talk to Mike Selinker from Lone Shark Games about games they've played lately.
(30:10) Next, they talk about horro games.
As a bonus, the boys attempt to set the official world record on mispronouncing the game company Gigamic.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.339477
Retrieved Text: free advice on how to talk to girls!
Talk to stranger| Free online chat with people around the world| tutorial video. Direct Link of our channel: https://www.youtube.com/c/KuchV Our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/SinglesandMingles.official/ Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.
Download Link: https://goo.gl/9jmNu9 Download Link: https://goo.gl/9jmNu9 How to Talk to a Girl you like how to talk to girls ? what to talk about with a girl you like ? Would you begin stuttering and forgetting yourself when you keep in touch with how to talk to girls ? In that case ? then it is time you are able to maintain and hold your own in a discussion and capture a girl's curiositty in virtually no time whatsoever. how to approach a girl to keep in touch with a girl, approach her in an amiable and informal method, and help her feel very special by how to talk to girls ? indicating curiosity about her ideas, paying compliments and utilizing body gestures. It might appear daunting, but by practicing it, you can talk to any girl. How to what to talk about with a girl ? Have you been battling daily with viewing the love of one’s existence being flattered by additional possible enthusiasts, how to approach a girl compreheding that you

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.33149
Retrieved Text: I’ve been doing a lot of talks lately in which I encourage people to share with the wider community what they do (see my Employee Evangelism post). Be it through blog posts or talks or workshops, I believe everyone should be finding a way to teach others the things that they’ve learnt or they’ve done.
One of the most common things that I hear from people though is that they’d love to do more of this, but that they don’t have anything worth talking about.
And that’s absolutely not true.
Everyone has something that’s worth sharing with others. Every person knows something that others don’t. It’s very easy to undervalue the things that we know, and that we assume are common knowledge. You might not be the “number one expert” in something, but honestly you don’t have to be to be the one talking about it. In some areas actually being a non-expert might give you a different and perhaps a more relatable perspective, allowing other non-experts to easier understand the topic.
But how do you discover what you should be talking about?
I thought I’d share some tips and tricks of how I approach coming up with my talk (and blog post) ideas and turn it into an exercise of sorts that anyone can start with.
Location: where are you doing this talk? Is it at a specific conference or meetup? Is it internally at work? Who is your audience? What is their background? What do they know already?
Format: how long is the talk? Is it a lightning talk or a

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.31221
Retrieved Text: When Is National Donut Talk To Me Day?
Is It Donut Talk To Me Day Today?
It's Donut Talk To Me day on the 5th of June.
The most recent detection of references to Donut Talk To Me Day was 1 year, 10 months ago.
How Is The Date For Donut Talk To Me Day Calculated?
The day shown for 'National Donut Talk To Me Day' is based off how much chitter-chatter and buzz there was on June 5, 2015 across social media making references to 'Donut Talk To Me Day'. Our algorithms examine all of the references to National Days across social media and updates whatnationaldayisit.com hourly, with our homepage displaying the current national day, including others such as: Hug Your Cat, Cheese or Donut Donut Day. This crowdsourcing of data method to assess the National Donut Talk To Me Day date is used as opposed to being connected with any Government sacntioned lists :D Hurrah for democracy by concensus!
We've put together the following resources full of nifty tips on how to increase the reach of Donut Talk To Me Day. The resources include: graphs, badges, and resources on what steps to take to boost Donut Talk To Me Day's visibility.
Can I Register Donut Talk To Me Day?
We don't have an international authority or governmental remit to declare any officially celebrated "national Donut Talk To Me day". We only aim to programatically reflect what 'National Day' it is based of what The Internet Says It Is. We believe this is much more fun as it reflects the nature of how

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.302611
Retrieved Text: Counselors will be available for brief, informal, free and confidential, drop-in consultations at the following locations and times (Sept - May).
Get support for whatever is on your mind...anxiety, stress, academic problems, relationships, family problems, roommate conflicts, health issues, financial problems, and other concerns.
Q: What is “Let’s Talk”?
“Let’s Talk” is a program that provides easy access to informal confidential consultations with counselors from UMD Health Services. Counselors hold walk-in hours at a site on campus on scheduled days. There is no appointment or fee necessary.
Q: What happens at a visit to “Let’s Talk”?
Appointments are on a first-come, first-served basis. When you arrive at the site, look to see if the office door is open. If it is, please come on in. If the door is closed, please wait until the counselor is done with that consultation and the door is open again. The wait is usually not long. The counselor will listen closely to your concerns and provide support, perspective and suggestions for resources to assist you.
Q: What are common concerns that people bring up at “Let’s Talk”?
Students come in with a variety of concerns; no topic is off limits. Common concerns include; stress, relationships, academic performance, financial struggles, sadness, worry and family problems.
Q: Who should visit “Let’s Talk”?
Students who are not sure about counseling and wonder what it would be like to talk with a counselor.
Students who are not interested in ongoing counseling, but would like the perspective of a counselor.
Students who have concern about a friend and want some ideas about what to do.
Q: I

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.300844
Retrieved Text: Mariko Tamaki is in town to talk about, well, talk. The award-winning Canadian writer chats with author Maria Lewis about the importance of dialogue in her graphic novels Skim and This One Summer, and in comics such as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Supergirl, The Hulk and Adventure Time. What do we mean when we talk about talk? What does talk tell us about a person? How can writers use talk to create interesting characters? Join Mariko and Maria at this talkfest.
Supported by the City of Parramatta and the Consulate General of Canada, Sydney.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.29909
Retrieved Text: Let’s Talk: Veggies. A series.
This is a) a really great suggestion and b) a helpful topic to any gardener. There is so much to talk about that I thought I’d turn it into a series. A spotlight on common veggies and their varieties- what I’ve tried, what has worked, what I want to try in the future.
I plan to talk about all the criteria I sort through and use when choosing varieties. I’ll talk about what I’ve grown, what I varieties I love, and which ones were a dud for me. I’ll also get into what sorts of veg are (to me) worth the space and effort and which ones are not. Of course, your mileage on these may vary and I look forward to your comments on each one.
As they all go up, I’ll also create a new page (which can be found up under the “Menu” button) where each entry can be found. I’ll call it “Let’s Talk Veggies”. There will also be a dedicated category in the search function “Let’s Talk” so you can find them quick and easy.
My hope is that this will be a great place for all of us to share varieties you love and loathe, tips and tricks, and any kernels of wisdom that you’d like to share. I hope you all are as excited as I am!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.292649
Retrieved Text: What is ... a (Discontinuous) Galerkin Finite Element Method?
This page hosts information on Lasse Hinrichsen's talk "What is ... a (Discontinuous) Galerkin Finite Element Method?" at the "What is ...?" seminar. This talk will help you better understand the talk by Endre Süli.
Many physical phenomena are modeled by partial differential equations (PDEs) that cannot be solved analytically anymore. Thus our aim is to compute a -hopefully- reliable approximation of the solution to such a PDE. One of the basic steps is to transfer the infinite-dimensional problem to something that computers -with finite memory- can handle. In this What is... talk, we will get an idea how the Galerkin Finite Element Method (FEM) serves this purpose. In the end, we shall also see a special variant, namely the Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) method, and discuss its uses.

================



======= Instance Index 5860 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Progress check . Have n't had that in an age . So , my repetoire of dance material now includes : Foxtrot : Basic Promenade Set Adlib Closed Turning BasicWaltz : Basic Box Step & Turning Underarm Turn ProgressiveRumba : Basic Box Underarm Turn 5th Position BreakSwing : Basic Rhythm ( Single ) Underarm Turn A&BTonight had three of those pieces added to it . The waltz added the progressive to it and I rather liked that , though remembering the rule of when not to do it took a few tries .
Question: What is this a list of ?
Options: 
- My dance moves
 - My favorite movies
 - The music I can play
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: My dance moves

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.988905
Retrieved Text: Maurices Wine Cru | WINE LIST POLL: What is the Perfect Wine List?
WINE LIST POLL: What is the Perfect Wine List?
The budget watcher list is the list which lists the wine by price point. The least expensive wines are at the top and the most expensive at the bottom. I guess this sort of list is great for those people going out on a blind date, because you can watch your date’s eyes and see just how important this date to them? If their eyes are at the top of the menu, then you know your date has no interest in a second date. If their eyes go straight to the bottom, then “good on you”, they are interested.
I have not tried this yet, but may be worth a try.
Let’s take the beer menu idea even further, and strip the wine list down to the bare bones. What do you think about a wine list which looks like this? Just the type of wine; red, white, sparkling. No brand name, just the grape or region. I have seen these in pubs, but not in restaurants. Maybe it would work. Take all the pretentiousness and expectations out of wine and just say what it is. Imagine a list like this I removed the name of the wineries and regions of an already bare bones list to give you an example.
NOTE: THE RESTAURANT NEEDS TO HAVE A GOOD REPUTATION AND CONSUMER’S TRUST FOR THIS TO SUCCEED.
I guess at the end of the day what really matters is what

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.932054
Retrieved Text: Theo-Enthumology: Bestselling Christian books of 2010: the good, the bad and the heresy!
Bestselling Christian books of 2010: the good, the bad and the heresy!
The list of 100 Bestselling Christian Books of 2010 has been released. Note that this is the list of U.S. sales alone, so it strongly reflects on what “Christians” read in America.
Something that it perhaps points out is what influences Christians at this point in America, and it doesn’t look good. There is some good, but there is also a lot of bad on this list.
For instance, The Shack is number 2 on the list. The Shack is pure heresy and you can read my review of it here. Also, Joyce Meyer is on the list 5 times. Read my series called Heresies in the church to see what heresy she teaches!
Put it this way, this list certainly doesn’t give me that warm felling in my heart about the state of the church in America. What dominates a person’s bookshelf says a lot about what that person believes.
This list represents the bookshelf of the American church. How does that make you feel?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.897429
Retrieved Text: List of the best BMW Z4s of all time, ranked from best to worst. This list of top BMW Z4s includes photos of the cars that can be enlarged by clicking on them. If you're looking to find out what the coolest BMW Z4s are then you're in the right place. Do you think the greatest BMW Z4 is not towards the top of the list? Be sure to vote so that your opinion is represented. This list is a great resource for both vintage BMW Z4s and more contemporary ones as well. If you're looking to buy a new car you can use this list to see what the best BMW Z4s ever are.
This list includes 2003 BMW Z4, 2009 BMW Z4 Roadster and more cars.
This list answers the questions, "What are the greatest BMW Z4s of all time?" and "What are the coolest BMW Z4s?"

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.887472
Retrieved Text: MATCH List: What is the MATCH List and How Do I Resolve This?
Accepting Credit Cards 101: What is the MATCH List?
17 NovAccepting Credit Cards 101: What is the MATCH List?
If you’re reading this post, it’s likely that you have just learned that you are on the Terminated Merchant File, also known as the MATCH list. There’s a good chance you’re surprised by this news, but rest assured – you are not alone. Many high risk merchants who wish to start accepting credit cards are disappointed when they learn that they’ve been placed as TMF and are unsure what this might mean for the future of their business. Take a deep breath, and allow us to explain what to do next.
What is the MATCH list and how can I start accepting credit cards?
MATCH stands for Member Alert to Control High-Risk and was created and is managed by MasterCard. It is a list of accounts to serve as a warning to processors in order to screen businesses during the underwriting process.
Typically, if you are placed on this list, you will not be able to get an approval to start accepting credit cards via any U.S.-based processor until you remove yourself from the list, or are able to successfully dispute the reasoning for placement to your processor.
The good news is this: if you are on this list, we can help. Payline has successfully placed many MATCH list merchants and have solutions. If you have valid reasons and a strong plan to correct the past we will find a way

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.879929
Retrieved Text: Not a Bucket List But a . . .
Watching Larry Wilmore the other night, he referred to Barack Obama’s last year as President as a period during which the President seems less concerned with his Bucket List than his (2 words that rhyme with Bucket) List. This is a family blog and so I’m not going to spell out what I’m talking about but we could call it the @*#^ -It List.
The notion of a Bucket List has always bothered me. Bucket Lists seem to create more obligations and competition than necessary.
Instead, a more spiritual plan seems to be the @*#^-It List. Again, I don’t mean to be vulgar. It’s just that shedding burdens or fears or shame or unrealistic expectations seems to be a holy endeavor. Tossing out what we no longer need feels wonderful.
As we celebrate a wedding in our backyard in a mere 23 days, I am in the perfect frame of mind to embrace this spiritual practice.
What is truly necessary? What is truly helpful? What brings people together and what brings unnecessary anxiety. What needs to be on our @*#^-It List?
Fear, inadequacy, feeling valueless, habits and mores we absorbed from our families of origin.
This is one of my very favorite blog posts you have written! I love the *&^(*& List idea. That’s my kind of girl!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.878161
Retrieved Text: List of the best Ford Fusions of all time, ranked from best to worst. This list of top Ford Fusions includes photos of the cars that can be enlarged by clicking on them. If you're looking to find out what the coolest Ford Fusions are then you're in the right place. Do you think the greatest Ford Fusion is not towards the top of the list? Be sure to vote so that your opinion is represented. This list is a great resource for both vintage Ford Fusions and more contemporary ones as well. If you're looking to buy a new car you can use this list to see what the best Ford Fusions ever are.
List cars range from 2010 Ford Fusion to 2008 Ford Fusion.
This list answers the questions, "What are the greatest Ford Fusions of all time?" and "What are the coolest Ford Fusions?"

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.865241
Retrieved Text: You have a “List.” I have a “List.” But are you LISTening to what your list is telling you?
To Do. To Day. To Now. To Later. Whatever your “List”…what matters most is why you’re “Listing” in the first place, and why you’re not LIVING…first.
As I was preparing my day, I grabbed one of my favorite pens, and a brightly colored planner — bright yellow to be exact — and I began to make a list of plans.
However, while I wrote, I began to think about WHY I was doing WHAT I was doing.
What made the list and what didn’t?
It got me thinking. It got me wondering about YOU.
What’s the vision for this mission?
Why are you putting it on a list versus putting yourself in action.
2. Does it really matter?
3. Do I believe in this?
4. Do I love this?
8. Am I really committed?
Take a look at your LIST today, especially your “Later List,” and get very honest with yourself as you answer the above 8 questions.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.858991
Retrieved Text: This lesson has one primary goal: to show that the thought process followed in writing the sum function follows a common recursive programming “pattern.” Indeed, when you write recursive functions you’ll generally follow the three-step process shown in this lesson.
I don’t want to make this too formulaic, but the reality is that if you follow these three steps in your thinking, it will make it easier to write recursive functions, especially when you first start.
What is the function signature?
What is the end condition for this algorithm?
What is the actual algorithm? For example, if I’m processing all of the elements in a List, what does my algorithm do when the function receives a non-empty List?
Let’s take a deep dive into each step in the process to make more sense of these descriptions.
If you can describe the function verbally, you should find that you know (a) the parameters that will be passed into the function and (b) what the function will return. In fact, if you don’t know these things, you’re probably not ready to write the function yet.
def sum(list: List[Int]): Int = ???
This is the Scala way to say that “the sum function takes a list of integers and returns an integer result,” which is what I want. In FP, sketching the function signature is often half of the battle, so this is actually a big step.
Always have an end condition, and write it as soon as possible.
To be clear, this end condition is correct because you’re working with a List, and you know that the algorithm

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.826172
Retrieved Text: List Rules Vote up any city in Europe that is a good, safe, and cost-effective destination for a vacation with children.
This is a ranked list of the best European cities to visit with kids as voted on by men and women with kids. These cities include Paris, Stockholm, Berlin, and more. Some of the most beautiful European cities are also very family-friendly. People with children look for ease of access, walkability, and streets with room for strollers when traveling. “What are the best European cities to visit with kids?” is what this list answers. Museums, parks, family-friendly dining, and shopping are all qualities parents look for when traveling with kids and that is exactly what these cities offer. Each of these best European cities to visit with kids offers distinct features and cultural immersion. This list is for those seeking the joys of traveling through Europe while bringing along their children. No matter what part of Europe you’re looking to travel through or what type setting, be it beaches or metropolis - this list offers cities throughout the continent that can accommodate families. As a traveler looking for a family-friendly traveling experience you might ask yourself, “What are the most family friendly European cities?” Well here we have compiled a list of the very best places for this activity with children.
List Rules: Vote up any city in Europe that is a good, safe, and cost-effective destination for a vacation with children.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.775639
Retrieved Text: What are the essential characteristics of a healthy church? What are your top ten? While many authors have submitted their list (one of the more recent being Mark Dever’s, 9 Marks of a Healthy Church), it would benefit every pastor and church leader to develop and define their own list. In deed, it would serve the entire church well if we all pondered this question.
Think about it this way; how do you know if you are sick? Most of the time people decide, though perhaps reluctantly, to go see a doctor when they know that physically something is out of the ordinary. Something is wrong. When it comes to your body, you intuitively know when you are not healthy. It’s like there is an unwritten list in your mind of what it means to be healthy, and when something isn’t right, one who is wise makes every good effort to fix it.
A body of Christ, i.e. a local church, should also prepare a list of what it means to be healthy. Except this list is not held in the mind of the church member, this list comes from the mind of Christ as reflected in the Word of God. And when you sense that something on this list is deficient or altogether absent, the body of Christ is unhealthy. When you know you are unhealthy, the wise leader will make every good effort in Christ to restore the health and vigor of the body.
These posts aim to list and briefly flesh out what it looks like

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.754994
Retrieved Text: I been to lots but not all of these, will definitely give working through the rest of them a go. It’s always good to have somewhere new to try out!
Some of these look great. I haven’t been up your way much but Chorley is one of my favourite places, it’s so beautiful!
What a great list. It’s so good to have a list of places that are fun to visit and are free too. Trips can get so expensive!
I think we have been to every one on this list! With six of us a free day out is necessary!
Looks like there is lots to do in Lancashire for free!
If we ever visited Lancashire we’d love to head to the Fairy Glen! Anything to do with fairies we love! A great list of free activities!
Some great ideas on here, we’re hoping to head up that way at the end of the summer so I’ve bookmarked this list!
We are moving up in to Lancashire next month, so I will bookmark this. I love formby!
What a long list! Some of these places look really great.
What a fab list you have put together I love posts like this. So many wonderful ideas for the summer holidays. The beauty of the free places as well are unlike the big theme parks these places usually arnt as busy as the massive theme parks in the holidays.
This is a great guide – I live in West Yorkshire so Lancashire isn’t too far to travel for me.
I have enjoyed visiting a few of those places

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.735146
Retrieved Text: What will it take to win? Start a list. Think about what you need to do for the customer to select you instead of the competition. This list not only provides you with a set of goals to achieve, but it also provides an objective definition for the quality of your proposal.
Now prepare a list of action items based on achieving the items on your list. Make sure you look at each item and think about what it will take to get there. Doing this with some of them will carry you back in time all the way to before the RFP is released.
Instead of managing the proposal by simply crossing off the items on the outline and counting the days that remain until the deadline, measure your progress by how many of the items you have fulfilled on your list of what it will take to win.
You can also use this list to guide your review process. Instead of simply asking your reviewers whether the proposal is any “good,” ask them to validate that you have achieved the items on your list (and therefore have achieved what it will take to win).

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.73048
Retrieved Text: 173-333-110 What is the purpose of this chapter?
173-333-130 Exemptions to the PBT list.
173-333-300 What is the purpose of the PBT list?
173-333-310 What chemicals or chemical groups are included on the PBT list?
173-333-320 What criteria will ecology use to identify and add chemicals or chemical groups to the PBT list?
173-333-330 What criteria will ecology use to remove a PBT from the PBT list?
173-333-340 What process will ecology follow to revise the PBT list?
173-333-400 What is a chemical action plan (CAP)?
173-333-410 What evaluation factors and processes will ecology use to select PBTs or metals of concern for chemical action plan preparation?
173-333-420 What are the contents of a CAP?
173-333-430 What process will ecology use to develop CAPs?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.707609
Retrieved Text: Now that you have a list, you have to do something with it. Generally, that means some form of marketing, be it direct mail or email.
But what do you send? How do you know if what you propose to send is appropriate?
Imagine being presented with a fabulous opportunity to promote something to your list that will either; A) make you a ton of money, or B) offend your people so thoroughly that you lose them from your list forever (and risk losing your entire business as well). How do you decide?
When you know the 3 Ws for your list, you can easily know what is right to send and what is wrong. The 3 Ws are simply: Who, What and Why.
Is your list made of prospect or clients? Although there may be some overlap, how you communicate with clients vs. prospects is different. For instance, clients already know about you and your business, so they already are familiar with how your business is run and the value you bring. In contrast, prospects have to be introduced to your policies and educated about what you can do for them.
You can take the Who further by differentiating what market segment your people belong to. If your list was described as a single individual, how would you describe them? Male or female? Married? Children? Education level? Homeowner? The more detailed your answers to these questions, the better you’ll be able to connect with them and predict their behavior.
What do you routinely communicate to your list? Is it mostly educational

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.694574
Retrieved Text: Keto Shopping List from 7-Day Meal Plan - Get all your groceries for the week using this whole foods oriented shopping list.
Free printable paleo shopping list of everything you need to stock your pantry... plus tips on ingredients to avoid and what to buy organic.
A Whole30 Trader Joe's Grocery Guide! Whole30 grocery shopping doesn't need to be difficult. Here is an extensive list just for you!
Time to stop tossing bad food and money in the trash! This handy, printable list includes everything you need to eat healthy (and tasty) meals for one week.
This basic paleo grocery shopping list is your guide to paleo foods you can use on weekly basis. Includes a paleo shopping list pdf.
Get All My Best Money-Saving Tricks To Make Shopping Simple And Healthy!
Keto Diet Beginner Shopping List.
This guide makes it easier than ever to compile your Paleo Grocery List and find everything you need to eat like a caveman for health and weight loss.
Keto Shopping List Essentials - Great for beginners to the low carb ketogenic diet - an easy guide of what to look out for at the grocery store.
This list is to guide you in the grocery store so you know what items are compliant with the reset.
Easy printable one page, Paleo Diet foods, and includes a shopping list to meet your weight loss goals.
ALDI Low Carb Shopping List + Keto Diet Grocery Haul Video - a list of products to seek out at ALDI that are Ketogenic Diet friendly.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.682732
Retrieved Text: The top cities to visit including all the best places to go in Europe. The best cities to visit in Europe are all on this list. Whether you're looking for the best European cities to visit in the winter or the best European cities to visit in the summer, every city you'd want to see in Europe is on this list. Whether you're planning a tour of Europe's best museums or a making plans to get a tan at Europe's best beaches, all of the best destinations in Europe are on this list of the Best European cities to visit.
Are you looking for the best trip to take with kids or the best honeymoon destinations? Every European city worth visiting is on this list. Think there's a great travel destination not included on this list of places to visit in Europe? Add your own favorite travel destination to the list! If you're wondering whether Paris or Barcelona or Rome is the best city to see in Europe, this is the list to look at.
What are the best cities to visit in Europe? Where are the best places to go on a European vacation? What are the must see cities in Europe? All the places you need to visit in Europe are on this list, ranked by users in order of popularity. Hopefully you'll find what will soon be your best city in Europe on this list of top European cities. Happy travels!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.676012
Retrieved Text: List of PG adventure comedies, ranked from best to worst with movie trailers when available. This list takes the best PG adventure comedies and pits them against each other to see once and for all what the greatest PG Adventure Comedy movie of all time is. This list of popular PG adventure comedies includes information like who directed the film, when it was released and which actors starred in the movie. If you think the top PG Adventure Comedy movie isn't as high as it should be then be sure to vote it up so it can take its rightful place among the other great PG Adventure Comedy films on this list. If you're trying to find a specific PG Adventure Comedy film you can search this list and filter to find what you're looking for.
List contains movies like The Princess Bride and The Gods Must Be Crazy.
If you're trying to find out "What are the best PG adventure comedies?" and "What are the most famous PG adventure comedies?" then this list is the perfect resource for you.
Use this list if you're looking for some new adventure comedies that are rated PG. Between Netflix, Hulu and other services there are thousands of great adventure comedies rated PG, so get out there and start watching.
What kind of directors have worked on PG Adventure Comedy movies in the past? Steven Spielberg and Robert Zemeckis both have, as have other great directors.
The Great Smokey Roadblock is a 1977 comedy drama film written and directed by John Leone.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.66887
Retrieved Text: A list of the best Winston Churchill quotes. This list is arranged by which famous Winston Churchill quotes have received the most votes, so only the greatest Winston Churchill quotes are at the top of the list. All the most popular quotes from Winston Churchill should be listed here, but if any were missed you can add more at the end of the list. This list includes notable Winston Churchill quotes on various subjects, many of which are inspirational and thought provoking.
This list answers the questions, "What are the best Winston Churchill quotes?" and "What is the most famous Winston Churchill quote?"
You can see what subjects these historic Winston Churchill quotes fall under displayed to the right of the quote. Be sure to vote so your favorite Winston Churchill saying won't fall to the bottom of the list.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.66887
Retrieved Text: A list of the best Vladimir Lenin quotes. This list is arranged by which famous Vladimir Lenin quotes have received the most votes, so only the greatest Vladimir Lenin quotes are at the top of the list. All the most popular quotes from Vladimir Lenin should be listed here, but if any were missed you can add more at the end of the list. This list includes notable Vladimir Lenin quotes on various subjects, many of which are inspirational and thought provoking.
This list answers the questions, "What are the best Vladimir Lenin quotes?" and "What is the most famous Vladimir Lenin quote?"
You can see what subjects these historic Vladimir Lenin quotes fall under displayed to the right of the quote. Be sure to vote so your favorite Vladimir Lenin saying won't fall to the bottom of the list.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.666513
Retrieved Text: A list of the best George Orwell quotes. This list is arranged by which famous George Orwell quotes have received the most votes, so only the greatest George Orwell quotes are at the top of the list. All the most popular quotes from George Orwell should be listed here, but if any were missed you can add more at the end of the list. This list includes notable George Orwell quotes on various subjects, many of which are inspirational and thought provoking.
This list answers the questions, "What are the best George Orwell quotes?" and "What is the most famous George Orwell quote?"
You can see what subjects these historic George Orwell quotes fall under displayed to the right of the quote. Be sure to vote so your favorite George Orwell saying won't fall to the bottom of the list.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.665364
Retrieved Text: When sales prospecting, having a good prospect list can be a very large factor in the level of success you have. The cold call script we use and what we say during our prospecting has a large impact on how well our conversations go. If we’re not working from a good list of target prospects, our valuable time might be wasted on the incorrect prospects. Because of this, if more time is spent on building a good target list it greatly improves our probability for success.
Identifying what our ideal prospect looks like is the first step in building a good target list. While we may have the ability to sell our products to a big or very diverse market of prospects, it’s likely our products or services fit best and/or better with a certain segment.
Identify what this segment looks like in terms of characteristics and build your prospect list around those because having the focus primarily on that segment creates the best results. That doesn’t mean we won’t sell to the other segments, but from an outbound sales perspective, the focus should be on the prospects which fit best because they’ll be more likely to purchase.
We can look at five characteristics and determine what ideal prospects look like for our products or services to identify our ideal prospect.
Geography: Think about what geographic area we should focus on. We can usually sell our products and services everywhere or at least in a big area. We improve our sales prospecting results by focusing our efforts in one particular

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.636158
Retrieved Text: List Rules Movies featuring immortality only.
A list of the best immortality movies ever made, ranked by movie fans with film trailers when available. This immortality movie list is ordered by popularity, so only the greatest movies about immortality are at the top of the list. If there are any great movies about immortality you believe we missed, please feel free to add them to the list yourself. The films on this list are the most famous immortality movies of all time, so use it to find some movies that you haven't seen already. Click on these immortality movie titles for more information about the films.
Examples of items on this list: Dracula, The Fountain and many more.
This list answers the questions, "What are the best immortality movies?" and "What is the greatest immortality movie of all time?"
Various bits of information are included with these popular immortality movies, such as who directed them, when they were released and who starred in the films. Whether you're watching these immortality movies on DVD, Blu-ray or streaming, these good immortality movies can be enjoyed no matter what.
Byzantium is a 2012 drama, fantasy and thriller film written by Moira Buffini and directed by Neil Jordan.
List Rules: Movies featuring immortality only.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.622377
Retrieved Text: [meteorite-list] $1.99 auctions ending in 2 hours!
[meteorite-list] [meteorite-list} What is this meteorwrong?
[meteorite-list] Ad - 30% OFF All Meteorites, Micros starting at $3.99, Peace River Fossils, and more.
[meteorite-list] AD - Auctions Ending This Evening - Great Material!
[meteorite-list] AD - ebay: 10 meteorite thin sections, starting at $1.99, NR!
[meteorite-list] Ad - Leaving for Osceola This Week, 30% OFF Sale, Pick Any 5 Micros for under $25!
[meteorite-list] AD: Many Collection Pieces for Sale - Lunars, witnessed falls, HED, achondrites, impactites, etc.
[meteorite-list] AD: RARELY SEEN - 103.6 gram Cat Mountain Meteorite - Full Slice!
[meteorite-list] Barwell Meteorite monument...please help with your vote....and share.
[meteorite-list] Breaking News-- The Moon MAY have an Asteroid Orbiting it! - Preliminary Data Suggests Possible!
[meteorite-list] Japan Lyrid Large Fireball with great fragmentation 22APR2016 w/ Video.
[meteorite-list] New Meteorite Fall in Nigeria!
[meteorite-list] New Type of Carbonaceous Lunar Meteorite!
[meteorite-list] Osceola Meteorite is Official!
[meteorite-list] The Cretaceous-Palaeogene Mass Extinction: What Do We Really Know?
[meteorite-list] What is this meteorwrong?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.61374
Retrieved Text: List of R-Rated docudramas, ranked from best to worst with movie trailers when available. This list takes the best R-Rated docudramas and pits them against each other to see once and for all what the greatest R-Rated Docudrama movie of all time is. This list of popular R-Rated docudramas includes information like who directed the film, when it was released and which actors starred in the movie. If you think the top R-Rated Docudrama movie isn't as high as it should be then be sure to vote it up so it can take its rightful place among the other great R-Rated Docudrama films on this list. If you're trying to find a specific R-Rated Docudrama film you can search this list and filter to find what you're looking for.
List features movies like Dog Day Afternoon and Into the Wild.
If you're trying to find out "What are the best R-Rated docudramas?" and "What are the most famous R-Rated docudramas?" then this list is the perfect resource for you.
Use this list if you're looking for some new docudramas that are rated R. Between Netflix, Hulu and other services there are thousands of great docudramas rated R, so get out there and start watching.
Among those that have directed a R Docudrama movie are Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese.
The Manson Family is a 2003 American crime drama film. The film covers the lives of Charles Manson and his "family" of followers.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.612893
Retrieved Text: List of PG children's/family movies, ranked from best to worst with movie trailers when available. This list takes the best PG children's/family movies and pits them against each other to see once and for all what the greatest PG Children's/Family movie of all time is. This list of popular PG children's/family movies includes information like who directed the film, when it was released and which actors starred in the movie. If you think the top PG Children's/Family movie isn't as high as it should be then be sure to vote it up so it can take its rightful place among the other great PG Children's/Family films on this list. If you're trying to find a specific PG Children's/Family film you can search this list and filter to find what you're looking for.
Elf and Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2 are only the beginning of the movies on this list.
If you're trying to find out "What are the best PG children's/family movies?" and "What are the most famous PG children's/family movies?" then this list is the perfect resource for you.
Use this list if you're looking for some new children's/family movies that are rated PG. Between Netflix, Hulu and other services there are thousands of great children's/family movies rated PG, so get out there and start watching.
Steven Spielberg and Alfonso Cuarón are among the directors that have worked on a PG Children\'s/Family film.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.606826
Retrieved Text: Answered: How do I get better clients?
How do I get better clients?
I’ve talked to you about how to get clients. Now let’s talk about the next step.
For me personally, the whole client game begins and ends with respect. Respectful clients always get my best work because I want to make sure they stick around.
This list accurately describes most of my clients. This list is the standard, the baseline from which I operate the client selection process of my firm. I choose not to start relationships with “red flag” clients.
Red flags are there for a reason. It means this potential client is not right for you, and that’s okay.
Okay Clint, this all sounds wonderful but I need money. That’s cool. There’s zero shame in serving someone well, getting the job done, and getting paid. Do you want to stay at subsistence level design work for the entirety of your career? If not, it’s time to prune your list.
Do what with my what what!? Remember your ideal client list? Take a look at your list and highlight the clients you worked with last year. Pick the three you’ve liked working with the most and give me a call. Chances are, they match my list at the top of this post pretty well.
Thank them for being a respectful client. Next, spell out exactly what it is they do that you like about working with them. Talk to them about your list and ask for ways to expand your level of service for them.
What do I do about the rest

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.605326
Retrieved Text: List of PG comedy-drama movies, ranked from best to worst with movie trailers when available. This list takes the best PG comedy-drama movies and pits them against each other to see once and for all what the greatest PG Comedy-drama movie of all time is. This list of popular PG comedy-drama movies includes information like who directed the film, when it was released and which actors starred in the movie. If you think the top PG Comedy-drama movie isn't as high as it should be then be sure to vote it up so it can take its rightful place among the other great PG Comedy-drama films on this list. If you're trying to find a specific PG Comedy-drama film you can search this list and filter to find what you're looking for.
Examples of movies on this list include Amadeus and Terms of Endearment.
If you're trying to find out "What are the best PG comedy-drama movies?" and "What are the most famous PG comedy-drama movies?" then this list is the perfect resource for you.
Use this list if you're looking for some new comedy-drama movies that are rated PG. Between Netflix, Hulu and other services there are thousands of great comedy-drama movies rated PG, so get out there and start watching.
Tom Hanks and Woody Allen have both directed a Comedy-drama PG film, as have other really creative and talented directors.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.598516
Retrieved Text: A list of the top recruitment companies in the world, listed by their prominence among employers and job-seekers. This list of major recruitment companies includes the largest and most profitable recruiting businesses, corporations, agencies, vendors and firms in the world. If you're wondering what the biggest recruitment companies are, then this list is a valuable resource that will answer that and many other recruitment agency questions.
This list includes the most famous recruitment companies in the industry, so if you're thinking of working in recruitment, you'll want to look to these top company names, which include some of the best recruiting companies in the USA. This list includes names of both small and big recruitment businesses, so the needs of prospective recruits are met. You'll recognize some major recruitment firms like Adecco and Randstad Holding.
This list answers the questions, "What are the biggest recruitment companies in the world?" and "What are the most successful recruitment companies?"
Hays plc is a British company providing recruitment and human resources services. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
Michael Page is a British-based recruitment business. It is headquartered in Weybridge, Surrey and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.591061
Retrieved Text: List of the best movies of 1942, with movie trailers when available. These top movies of 1942 are listed by popularity, so the movies with the most votes are at the top. This list consists of all different movie genres, but each film was released in 1942. You can filter this list of films that came out in 1942 for various bits of information, such as who directed the movie and what genre it is. Think the best 1942 movie isn't as high as it should be? Vote up your favorite so it will rise to the top.
Movies on this list include Casablanca and Bambi.
This list answers the questions, "What are the best movies from 1942?" and "What are the most popular movies of 1942?"
1942 was a great year for movies, since a lot of classic films were released in 1942. This is a crowd sourced list that has been voted on by many people, so these top films of 1942 aren't just one persons opinion.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.583634
Retrieved Text: To get started with your grocery list, think about the various sections of a grocery store. You have dairy, fresh fruits & veggies, breads, etc. My grocery list is based off of this as well as how my pantry and cupboards are lined out. Come up with a way that works for you.
Download a FREE copy of my Master Grocery List!
Now, take a look at your meals. What items do you need to make those specific meals?
What items do you use on a regular basis that are not covered by what is needed for your meals? What is currently in your pantry? The way I started was by taking my friend’s list and then taking off what our family never uses that her family does and adding what I needed for my meal list. This is one case where cheating is allowed!
The Miscellaneous section is where I put things like trash bags, ziplock bags, laundry detergent, etc. I also have room here to jot down anything extra I may need that month that falls outside the norm like shoes for the children or a storage container or printer ink.
My list is full of items I do not buy every single month. I keep them on the list because we do need them often enough to justify allowing them to have a permanent place. This is where a Master List differs from a regular ole grocery list. I’ll demonstrate in a moment how this works.
1. How many of each item on your list do you go through

================



======= Instance Index 11127 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Nothing makes me happier than being part of an energized , high - caliber , collaborative team , intent on making a difference for our customers ! And these days , I ' m beyond happy ! One of the things that I relished about working at MSDN was the ability to really know our customers / users .
Question: What is a customer ?
Options: 
- A customer is a user .
 - None of the above choices .
 - A customer is a someone you can really know .
 - A customer is a worker at MSDN

Target Text: A customer is a user .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.071034
Retrieved Text: What is the current Job Outlook for a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks?
What is a day in the life of a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks like?
What education do you need to become a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks?
What is the future Job Outlook for a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks?
How much does a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks make?
What is the currently unemployment rate for a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks"?
How many Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks are employed part-time?
How many Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks are self-employed?
What is the average age of a Customer Service, Information and Related Clerks?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.827316
Retrieved Text: Customers satisfaction is easier than you think, because a customer is usually satisfied with less than you think.
Customers who make the effort to complain, want you to make the effort to make things better.
Customers who have had a problem resolved, are more loyal than customers who have never had a problem.
The Golden Customer Service Rule: Do what it takes to make things right, when things go wrong.
When a customer takes the time to complain, they are really asking you to help them remain a customer. Their compliant is really a pleading to continue to do business with you. Listen to their complaint for what went wrong and look for ways to make it right. Don’t blow this opportunity to create a loyal customer and raving fan, as well as fix problems you did not know you had.
Listen with empathy and not defense. Let the customer vent and imagine yourself in their shoes. If the customer is upset, you are upset. Let the customer know right up front that you have resolution on the brain. Use words like “I see” and “I understand” when responding.
Now is the time to listen and really be an active listener. Take notes. Ask for details. Make it absolutely clear that the customer has your undivided attention. Avoid any emotion or “make wrong”. Just stick to the facts, just the facts.
While listening to the customer, what did you hear them say about their upset? Most of the time, there is a problem. Most of the time, the customer wants to know what

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.814497
Retrieved Text: CUSTOMER: Yeah, when’s it due back?
CUSTOMER: Right. When’s it due back?
CASHIER: Oh! I get it. That’s funny. You thought I meant—right, OK. It’s due the day after tomorrow.
CUSTOMER: Is it the same as The Day After Tomorrow?
CASHIER: We close the same time every day. Ten o’clock.
CUSTOMER: But what day is the video due?
CASHIER: The Day After Tomorrow?
CUSTOMER: Why are you asking me?
CASHIER: The Day After Tomorrow is due the day after tomorrow.
CUSTOMER: I know, but what about Before Sunset?
CASHIER: You can bring it then if you want to, but we’re open till 10.
CUSTOMER: The movie! Before Sunset. When is Before Sunset due?
CASHIER: Oh! We did it again, didn’t we? Isn’t that just like that … what’s that sketch called? Anyway. Sorry. Before Sunset is due the day after tomorrow.
CUSTOMER: Thank you. (Pause.) Is that the same for the others?
CASHIER: You’re not renting The Others.
CASHIER: I don’t know. You can if you want to.
CUSTOMER: Well, I would like to rent the others, please.
CASHIER: I’ll check the computer.
CUSTOMER: What’s in front of you?
CASHIER: (Looking through stack.) Well, we have The Day After Tomorrow and Before Sunset. Then Seven, After Hours, 48 Hours, Ten, and Before Sunrise. Hey, that’s funny, “before sunrise”—we could have gotten confused about that too, huh?
CUSTOMER: Yeah. Could you ring them up, please?
CASHIER: So you don’t want The Others?
CUSTOMER: I want all of them.
CASHIER: But not The Others?
CUSTOMER: I want everything sitting right there in front of you.
CASHIER: OK, I’ll ring them up. (Pause.) I’m sorry, but your account limits you to six rentals.
CUSTOMER: Oh,

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.793338
Retrieved Text: Home / Six Sigma / Why Do You Need to Listen to the Voice of Customer?
In Six Sigma Green Belt training, there is a lot of terminologies to learn. Let’s consider the DMAIC structure of Six Sigma projects, and more precisely the DEFINE stage. This is where the scope and purpose of the project are defined. As you may also learn in free Lean Six Sigma course, you cannot jump into a project without knowing what the goals of the project are. The only way to fully understand the aims of the project with the Six Sigma approach is to understand what the customer wants (Voice of Customer or VoC), what the business wants (Voice of Business or VoB) and what the process can offer (Voice of Process or VoP).
What are Voice of Customer, Voice of Business & Voice of Process? Let’s have a look.
In the Define phase, the team must clearly understand what the process requirements are. This involves listening to Voice of the Customer and Voice of the Business data. To ensure the team is working on what is important, the Voice of Customer needs to be determined. The Voice of Customer data is what the what the customer wants and needs. These customers would be internal and/or external customers.
Let us deep-dive into Voice of the Customer methodology. There are two basic types of Voice of Customer data.
The first data type for Voice of Customer is called reactive data. It can be found under the categories of customer complaints, compliments, feedback, hotline data, product

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.781749
Retrieved Text: Home | Customer Service Articles | Customer Service and Customer Care – What’s the Difference?
Customer Service and Customer Care – What’s the Difference?
Recently one of our readers wrote in with a question about the difference between customer service and customer care. I sent back an answer and felt that it was worth sharing with everyone.
These statements are great. So what’s the best? Is it customer service, customer care, customer relations, customer delight, etc.? What should we call it, or is there a difference?
The answer is: There is no difference.
Make them come back the next time.
How you go about it is what is really important. That’s the process, not what you call it.
That’s it. It’s that simple. Call it customer service, customer care, customer loyalty, customer relations, etc. These are all labels that are meant to really do one thing. That is to get the customer/client to want to come back to you, and only you, the next time they need what it is that you do or sell.
Posted in Customer Care, Customer Service by shephyken.
can a bank teller provide customer care/service?
Yes because he/she is the eyes of the bank before the customer. Any good treatment they got from the teller the customer will not say about the teller but about the bank, like wise any bad treatment.
A bank teller’s job is to service the customer. A customer of the bank wants to withdraw or deposit money and the teller provides that service.
Service is not doing something exceptional. It is attending to the customer’s requirements from your

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.769837
Retrieved Text: 383 hits were returned for the query customers. Displaying items 1 to 20.
Customer Rights and Remedies The customers rights depend on how serious the problem is. This section explains what the customer can claim for. The customer ... the problem or take more than a reasonable time to put it right the customer has two choices ... back. a Repairing the problem Does the customer have to give me a chance to fix the problem The customer must give you the chance to fix the problem unless it is a serious..
into your contracts with your customers. It lets you keep ownership of parts or materials until the customer has paid in full for the work done. If they dont pay ... in cases where there is no problem with the work done and the customer does not pay. If the customer cancels the contract because the work or service has failed to meet .... The Act says that when you use a Romalpa clause you must: Tell the customer..
Customer Rights and Remedies The rights of the customer to redress depend ... or can be repaired. If the problem with the goods can be fixed the customer ... or replacement free of charge. The customer must accept either the repair ... time to put it right the customer can choose to: Get their money ... the cost of the repair from you. It is the customers decision which of these option..
problem OR a problem that cant be put right the customer has two choices Cancel ... in

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.76238
Retrieved Text: How do you make it a positive 'do' experience for the customer? Being open, friendly and welcoming and treating people like they are your own family.
How do you deliver excellent customer service? By following through and exceeding the customer's expectations.
What is your favourite car colour and why? White - it reminds me of the snow and family holidays as we were growing up.
What does excellent customer service mean to you? Giving every customer a memorable experience from initial enquiry to delivery.
In the spirit of Subaru 'do', what do you do that makes a positive difference? I come to work every day with a positive attitude.
What do you love about the brand? I've been involved with the brand for 16 years and owned an Outback. It has great quality, both drive and safety.
What is your favourite Subaru vehicle and why? WRX STI - all-wheel-drive rally performance.
How do you deliver excellent customer service? Over time, I've developed a keen understanding for customers needs and wants.
What do you love about the brand? Their support for sport and triathlon.
What is your favourite Subaru vehicle and why? The WRX STI - I have owned 3, and they are the best driving vehicle on the planet.
What does excellent customer service mean to you? Providing a comprehensive experience so customers want to return for future business.
What is your favourite car colour and why? World Rally Blue - it's an iconic colour dating back to early Subaru rally with Colin McCrae.
What is your favourite Subaru vehicle and why? The Brumby Ute - bring them

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.749269
Retrieved Text: It cannot be overemphasized that the quality of your customer care is essential in attracting and retaining customers, it can sometimes be the only difference between you and your competitors.
Our Effective Customer Care training will give you all the requisite knowledge you need to deliver an outstanding customer service. Participants will learn how to create a stable and rewarding experience that makes customers want to return time and time again.
The Importance of Customer Care – Examining why customer care is important for businesses and the effects of poor customer care.
What’s in it for me? – Here we look at why customer care should be important for the individual and what poor customer care makes them feel like.
Customer Perception – How do customers perceive the ‘brand’ of the business?
Your Customer Brand – Exploring the participants own ‘customer brand’ and the fact that ‘people buy people’. How they are currently perceived by customers and what they can do to change this.
Transactional Vs Relational – What type of service a customer expects from us and how to change from transactional to relational service.
Little things make a big difference – Helping participants to realise that the smallest thing can affect a customer’s experience. Identifying what ‘little things’ irritate them as customers and changing these behaviours.
Spotting the GAPs – What participants can do to improve their current levels of service and how to keep this consistent.
A Mind Map of Effective Customer Care – Consolidating their learning in a fun way.
Developing Your Customer Values – What are the values participants should live

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.746036
Retrieved Text: The most important things on the company agenda is to get customers, as they are the one and only thing that keeps a company running. When you have already invested in bringing new customer, taking advantage and making them a constant (or at least continual) stream of sales and revenue is the most logical thing.
If you want your business to become more profitable you need to improve your customer service. The better customer service is the more loyal clients you will have.
This is very important. Try following this rule, because your customer has no time to wait for a response, especially when there is a problem for solving. Speed will gain you the customer's trust and respect.
If you want your business to become more profitable you need to improve your customer service.
Always do what you promised to do. Otherwise you will lose your customer trust and gaining it back will be much harder to achieve. The only way for a customer to become loyal is by keeping your word.
3. Give more than expected!
Do an extra service for your customer, send a birthday card, a thank you note. Bring your customer closer to you and and his loyalty will be granted.
4. Search for a feedback!
If there was a problem that a customer needed help with solving it and you provided that help, make sure that he is satisfied with the result. Do not stop providing assistance to your customer until he says he is satisfied.
5. Put yourself in their shoes!
If you want to evaluate your customer service

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.745957
Retrieved Text: What is customer service? For several years, retail and general businesses have always associated customer service with how friendly the employee is with the customer, along with the old saying that the customer is always right. However, customer service is much more than this. Customer service also refers to having the right merchandise for the customer or even having the right type of delivery service for the customer to meet their needs. When these become an issue, in the customers mind, customer service is at an all time low.
Businesses who deal with customers have always used a mixture of ways in which they try to keep customers happy. For example, they may use observation to see what products/services are needed, what doesn’t work and the like to adjust what they offer. In addition, they may use satisfaction surveys to see where they are excelling and where they may be lacking in customer service. However, these methods are quickly becoming outdated and are soon going to be replaced with other methods like artificially intelligent machines.
When most people think of artificial intelligence, they imagine robots doing the work of humans. When talking about AI for customer service, this is meant to streamline data to help recognize what a business needs to do in order to be more customer friendly.
For example, the major retailer Amazon utilizes AI as a way to make purchase suggestions to those who shop with their online store. The data collected shows past purchases, which then helps the AI figure out what customers may want

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.734799
Retrieved Text: Banks should trade the traditional inside-out, bank-first focus for an outside-in, customer-centric focus. Why? Because seamless customer experience is the key factor for banks to stand out from their rivals.
On this page, you will learn why the focus should be on customer experience, what the future of customer experience in digital banking looks like, what ways there are to improve customer experience, and the role a digital banking platform plays in this process.
Why should banks focus on customer experience?
Banks, and the financial industry in general, have already taken major steps in embracing digital and enabling customers to manage their money however, wherever, and whenever they want. That said, the entrance of non-traditional players and fintechs also means that banks should put the customer first in everything they do.
Customers are more demanding and are expecting more out of financial institutions than ever before. The rise in mobility and online channels, and opening up the market with initiatives like PSD2, has left the customer with a wide array of choices when it comes to communicating and transacting with banks. They want the same level of service and experience as they get from other companies.
Customers are seeking exceptional, personalized experiences. Banks can no longer differentiate themselves at the product level, but only at the customer experience. This is what will make them stand out from their competitors.
If traditional banking institutions want to stay relevant, they need to become more agile and start focusing on meeting customer demands. They need to innovate to set themselves apart, or they run the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.733476
Retrieved Text: You are here: Home » Blog » How to create a Customer & Service focus?
In our Blog from the CxO mini seminar I showed how poorly we score on ‘Customer and Service Culture’. The group of IT leaders from the event went away nodding in agreement that this indeed was something that needed serious attention. As the echo’s of the mumbling affirmations retreated with them to the bar, a few questions occurred to me that we hadn’t had time to discuss. ‘What is a Customer and Service focused Culture’? ‘What does the underpinning desirable behavior actually look like’? ‘How can we recognize we are starting to become a Customer and Service focused organization’?
It is more than the IT leader going back to work after the conference and sending an email ‘As from today we will be a Customer and Service focused culture’, and then patting him, or herself, on the back proudly declaring ‘So! That was the organizational culture sorted out……what’s next?’This also isn’t what we meant when we said ‘No management commitment’ was the number 1 cause of resistance to ITSM improvement programs. ‘What? You mean commitment is more than simply telling everybody this is what I want?’ asks the IT leader.
I decided to go back through the findings of 2000 IT professionals who have participated in the business simulation Apollo 13 an ITSM case experience, to summarize their key findings and take-away’s about Customer & service focus.
Let the following list of key take-away’s be a starting point for discussion within the ITSM community so

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.714411
Retrieved Text: Would You Say That To Your Grandma?
There are two main aspects to what is known as “customer service”. The first is giving great customer service by spending time with a client and guiding them on what to purchase. The second is providing assistance and care when customers hit a glitch. Companies that sell luxury items often make first class customer service a priority. However, regardless of your target market, you can still offer the star treatment!
The most important thing you must have when dealing with customers is empathy. You may be knowledgeable about your product and business but customers won’t feel cared for unless they are treated with respect and understanding.
It doesn’t matter how great you think you are at customer service, what matters is what your customer thinks. Why not send a survey via email to a customer once you have concluded your business with them? This would be a great way of getting an honest customer opinion while it’s still fresh in their minds as well as showing your customers you are always improving your business.
You can’t improve if you don’t know where you’re faltering. Powell noted that his company’s customer service team tracks customer service metrics to see the percentage of repeat customers and the amount of time spent on the phone so that they can alter their customer service accordingly.
Customers want to know that they can reach you when they need your assistance and that their voice is being heard. Social media, especially Twitter, is a great way of being able to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.697701
Retrieved Text: Companies and organizations today are scrambling to improve customer experience. They spend a lot of money building better websites and mobile apps and omnichannel platforms. What about all of the customer data and content that is locked away in internal processes and silos? This session explores why Information Governance is essential to digital transformation in support of better customer experience management and how information professionals can get a seat at the table.
1. Web: www.JKevinParker.com Email: kevinp@tahzoo.com Twitter: @JKevinParker LinkedIn: /in/jkevinparker Kevin Parker, CIP Senior	VP	of	MarTech Labs	at	Tahzoo,	a	data-driven	customer	experience	agency. I	regularly	speak	and	write	on	topics	related	to	InfoGov,	Web	Content	Management,	Information	Architecture,	User	Experience,	and	Digital	Transformation. Voted	2016	InfoGov	Expert	of	the	Year!
2. Takeaways • Tie customer experience efforts to business objectives. • Identify what information you need to collect, how, and when. • Determine how information is managed, protected, and dispositioned. • Look for smart ways to connect information in your internal processes.
6. Tie CX Efforts to Business Objectives • How do we better engage with customers to build trust and loyalty? • What specific business outcomes are desired? • What is the overall strategy for customer information? • Are we segmenting? Personalizing? Providing customer service? Sales? Or a combo?
8. Think Through Architecture • What specific data do you need to collect, and for what uses? • Where will all this data be collected and how? • In which systems will it be stored? • In which geographic locations will it be stored?
11. Govern Customer Data • What protections are required, and what additional ones make sense? • Who has access? Who needs access? Do they really need access? • Which 3rd parties will have access to the data? Do they

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.692929
Retrieved Text: Every employee can help the sales results of a small business.
Customer service is important in any business, but especially for small businesses. The level of customer service is what often sets small companies apart from large corporations. Evaluating your employees based on their customer relations enables you to help employees improve and deliver a better overall experience for the customer.
The way in which an employee talks to a customer largely determines the level of customer service your consumers receive. Keep an eye out for how your employees convey their thoughts to customers when you walk the floor or see an employee engage with a potential buyer. Evaluate the employee based on how he handles himself. For example, suppose the employee always seems uninterested, speaks in a whisper-like voice that lacks confidence and gives lackluster answers to the customer. Write down what the employee needs to work on so that you can bring up his shortcomings during a performance review.
Listening is often an overlooked – but vital – part of communication. Some employees believe that their primary job is to talk to the customer, but talking effectively requires listening effectively. To measure an employee’s listening skills, determine whether the employee is actually listening to a customer or is planning in his head what to say next regardless of how the conversation goes. An example of a good listener is an employee who talks to a customer based on what the customer has to say. An example of a bad listener is an employee who has a predetermined

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.682594
Retrieved Text: What is Opencart Upgrdation to Any Version This is a Opencart Up-gradation Service. In Which We Upgrade your any Openart Old Version to Latest Version of Opencart. Service Include ✯ Support All Opencart Version. ✯ One Month Free Su..
What is Customer Self Account Delete Customer Self Account Delete extension is for the website who want that their customer will delete their account self. After installing this extension customer will get delete the account option on his acc..
What is Hindi Language Package? Hindi Language Package is a Language Package.In Opencart default language is English so if you want provide your customer to Hindi language for your site fronted.Mostly Hindi language is used in Cou..
What is Product Each Option Customer Group Wise Product Each Option Customer Group Wise is a Vqmod Extension.That will allow us to show product each option customer group wise Without Spoiling the Opencart Core File. Like. fo..
What is Recent View Product Recent View Product is a OCMode Extension.That will show Last/Recent View Product. Features ✯ OCmod Extension that doesn't spoil any code. ✯ Display Last/Recently Viewed Product ✯ Ea..
What is Product Each Option Multiple Customer Group Wise Product Each Option Multiple Customer Group Wise is a Vqmod Extension.That will allow us to show product each option customer group wise Without Spoiling the Opencart Co..
Product Option and Option Value Multi Customer G..
To enhance and for control all option from admin or for fully customization you can contact us. NOTE: You must need VQMOD install in your website. - Put File in root ->vqmod->xml folder. you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.673636
Retrieved Text: What Is the Telephone Number of Hotmail Customer Service?
What Is the Telephone Number for Amazon Customer Service?
What Is the Telephone Number to Customer Service for Experian Credit Reporting?
What Is the Customer Service Number for Hotmail?
How Do I Log Into Hotmail?
How Do You Sign Into a Different Hotmail Account?
How Do I Recall a Sent Message in Hotmail?
How Do You Register for a Gmail Account?
What Are Some Creative Email Names?
How Do You Close an Email Account?
What Do CC and BCC Stand for When Emailing?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.664788
Retrieved Text: The Distributor will get the PV (personal volume) from the referred PC as well as the GV (group volume). However, there is a volume reduction when a credit is applied.
To participate in the Preferred Customer Referral Program, a Preferred Customer must be enrolled and placed under the same upline Preferred Customer. A Distributor who enrolls a Preferred Customer may have him/her placed anywhere in his/her placement downline.
What is the difference between a Retail Customer, Preferred Customer and Distributor?
If a Preferred Customer wants to become a Distributor, what do they pay to become a Distributor?
What are the requirements to be a Preferred Customer?
To become a Preferred Customer you need to submit your application online and sign up for a monthly subscription order. To do this, go to www.lifevantage.com and click the Join Us link at the top of the page.
How do I upgrade from a Preferred Customer to an Independent Distributor?
First, call Distributor Support at 1-866-460-7241 to have a LifeVantage representative cancel the Preferred Customer account. Then we will help to sign up and confirm your place within your team with the new account.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.660378
Retrieved Text: Home » Blog » Finding My Ideal Customer: Who is my Who?
“Finding my ideal customer – How do I know who it is?” That’s a very important question. When you’re marketing your balloon decor business, you must get very clear on WHO your ideal customer is, where they are hanging out, what their needs and desires are, what their budget is, and what they like to spend money on.
When finding my ideal customer, I first need to describe their persona. This is kind of their personality. However, it’s more like their characteristics.
describe your customer persona. In addition, surveys are great for capturing this information.
You may even be familiar with the characteristics of your ideal customer because YOU have those same characteristics.
However, I have a word of caution. Often, when we claim ourselves as our ideal customer, we do not price our products our services appropriately.
No matter the situation, begin describing that person. Don’t wait for surveys or interviews to be conducted to create your first draft of your ideal customer. You can make assumptions while you wait for data to come in. Consequently, you can continue to conduct research as you move yourself forward.
In the meantime, you’ll benefit from the ideal customer persona you’ve created from the assumptions you’ve made.
What are their goals & values – What is their desired end result?
As I’m finding my ideal customer, I’m going to start with their end result. What are they looking for?
Let’s start with your ideal customer’s goals and values. Make note of the goals and values that

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.658349
Retrieved Text: A customer avatar is a fictional character that represents your ideal prospect. When complete, it will help you understand the motivating beliefs, fears and secret desires that influence your customer’s buying decisions. Your customer avatar will help you fine tune your marketing efforts and help you understand why some products sell better than others. It also helps expose important gaps or conflicts in your marketing messages of which you may be unaware. This one exercise can lead to a dramatic transformation in your business.
If you sell to businesses, include what industry your customers are in, how many employees they have, how much annual revenue they generate, etc. If you sell to consumers or end users, include relevant demographic information such as age, education, household income and family status.
Answer each question so that your customer avatar as real to you as a living human being.
3. Go deeper. Think about a typical day in the life of your ideal customer prospect.
4. List at least 3 problems your ideal customer is having that makes them an ideal customer for your business.
5. What is the worst thing that could possibly happen to your ideal customer if their problem isn’t eventually solved?
6. What is the best thing that could possibly happen to your ideal customer if their problem is solved?
What would their “perfect solution” look like?
What is it that they really want, more than anything else?
What would they be willing to pay almost anything for?
How can your product or service match up to your customer’s real needs and desires? How can

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.65438
Retrieved Text: What Does Empathy Mean in Customer Service?
The general meaning of empathy is the ability to understand or share the feelings of another. But what does this have to do with customer service? More than you may think. When thinking about what empathy means in customer service, you have to remember that a part of serving a customer effectively is understanding their feelings about the situation. Most consumers call customer service when they’re upset or angry about an issue, which it makes it hard to help them. This is where the importance of empathy in customer service comes in. When customer service agents have empathy and can put themselves in the position of the frustrated customer, they can better understand how to calm them down and maybe help them realize what not to say. If you’re interested in learning about the role of empathy in customer service, keep on reading.
Empathy is integral when it comes to understanding what upsets customers and what they respond to positively. Customer service representatives should utilize their empathetic skills to understand exactly what upsets customers when they call their customer service center and use that knowledge to their advantage. Demonstrating empathy will show customers that you care and will improve their overall impression of your company, even if they’ve recently had a negative experience. The main goal of customer service is to ensure customers are happy and that they have a positive experience, which is exactly what showing them empathy achieves.
Dealing with emotional customers can become a long and drawn-out process. However,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.654006
Retrieved Text: So, what is the difference between Customer Service and Customer Experience? Customer service is a single touchpoint with your company and brand. Customer experience impacts feelings and emotions and covers your customer’s journey with you.
Research by American Express has found that 60% of customers are willing to pay more for a better experience.
When you optimize customer experience, you add revenue, decrease costs and inspire loyalty that keeps customers coming back.
This blog is intended to encourage you to think about your customer experience and how you can improve it.
According to Wikipedia, 'Customer Experience (CX) is the product of an interaction between an organisation and a customer over the duration of their relationship. This interaction is made up of three parts: the customer journey, the brand touchpoints the customer interacts with and the environments the customer experiences (including digital environment) during their experience.
How can you improve the way your customers experience your brand?
Before you look at how to improve your customer experience, you need to work out how your customer experience stands today. What does your customer experience look like at each point of the customer life cycle below?
Next, you need to identify where there is room for improvement.
According to research by the Journal of Consumer Research, more than 50% of an experience is based on an emotion, because emotions shape the attitudes that drive decisions.
Customers become loyal because they are emotionally attached and remember how you made them feel when they used your product or service. According to Gallup, you could potentially increases your sales by 85%

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.652696
Retrieved Text: Businesses today are constantly trying to find ways to prioritize the customer experience in order to stay relevant in a sea of competition. Customers no longer differentiate businesses based on the products they sell. They do so by the experience they receive. Offering a good experience takes time and money, but it’s always worth the effort.
The ROI of offering a positive customer experience is extremely high for a number of reasons. The first is that customers who receive a positive customer experience tend to tell other people about how good the experience was. Instead of you paying more for better marketing strategies, offer a positive experience and let the customers be your marketers. The second is that positive customer experiences usually translate to personalized experiences, meaning you’re putting the customer’s needs first. Doing so means you’re not guessing what they want and don’t want.
Knowing what your customers want and aligning your business strategies to fit those needs can be tricky — especially if you don’t know who your customers are. In order to learn more about who your customers are, you can refer to a customer journey map. Here, we’re going to break down what customer journey mapping is and how to use it effectively in our ultimate guide to customer journey mapping.
Customer journey maps are visual representations of the customer journey from the customer’s point of view. That last part is key here: from the customer’s point of view. The whole point of a customer journey map is to highlight how the customer interacts with

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.6514635
Retrieved Text: Siloed data is becoming a thing of the past (That’s so 2010!). Organizations now analyze customer data from first impression to prospect to customer to long term relationship, in one set of reports.
Web Analytics Tracking on Marketing Sites: Ensuring that any customer/prospect activity on sites hosted within the CRM are tracked across the entire digital channel.
Synching Prospect/Customer Visitation History to the Digital Channel with the CRM: This complex task involves identifying important visitor data that can improve marketing, sales, and support efforts and sharing the data with the CRM. For instance, if a prospect is viewing specific products repeatedly this is data the sales team can use to better serve prospects.
What information do I know about the prospect before their first contact with marketing and sales?
How interested is a prospect in a product or service? How loyal is the customer?
How many stakeholders at the prospect/customer organization are reviewing our products and services?
Is the customer interacting with the organization through multiple channels (i.e. social, email, web, mobile)?
How does the customer prefer to interact with the marketing, sales, and support teams?
How does the prospect describe their product/support needs? What is their vocabulary?
What product elements are most critical to a prospect/customer?
Where the prospect/customer is in the sales, onboarding, or growth cycle?
What problems or support needs does a prospect/customer have that needs to be solved?
This level of integration gives teams context for interactions making each contact with prospects and customers more meaningful. Furthermore, the lifecycle data on customer behaviors from source to lead to customer to account growth enables the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.648453
Retrieved Text: completed by an appropriate workplace supervisor.
Please word process all responses.
Submit the signed report with this assessment.
Please word process detailed answers to the following questions. Please ensure your name appears in the footer on every answer page.
1. When providing customer service within your organisation, what are your aims?
2. How could you prioritise the needs of customers?
3. What process do you follow when you are unable to answer/assist a customer with their enquiry due to your current level of company knowledge or authorisation to perform certain tasks?
4. What interpersonal skills do you use when providing quality customer service?
5. What is your organisation’s policy and the procedures for dealing with customer complaints?
6. What opportunities do you look for to promote your company’s products and services to customers or potential customers?
7. List ways in which customer feedback regarding your organisation’s customer service and products and services is obtained.
8. How do you seek feedback on your customer service performance in the workplace? From whom? When? How?
A. Why is it important to identify customer needs? Describe the ways this could be done.
B. Define effective communication. How can we ensure our communication is effective?
C. Why is customer feedback vital? How should this be used? (Consider positive and constructive (negative) feedback).
D. How could a good rapport with customers be established? Why is this important?
E. What privacy and confidentiality considerations should be made when dealing with customers and sensitive information?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.644342
Retrieved Text: Lee Cockerell was a guest a previous episode of the Art of Value Show. At the end of that show, Lee suggested we do another interview to discuss the rules of customer services from his book The Customer Rules. While we will not cover all 39 rules, we will cover a dozen or so during this episode.
Lee is a former Senior Vice President of Operations at Walt Disney World Resort. He is the author of three books, with a fourth due in late 2016. He is a teacher at Thrive15 and Sports Mind Institute. His website is LeeCockerell.com.
Is the customer getting good value for the price? When a customer questions Lee's speaking fee, he reminds them: Price is what you pay, value is what you get. Value can be expensive and is worth it. Lee recently experienced great customer service from a flooring contractor at his home.
In The Customer Rules, Lee says he is a student of customer service wherever he goes. He learned the art of great customer service by working at Hilton Hotels, Marriott Hotels and Disney World. Lee shared a story of receiving outstanding service while applying for the SAM program to do business with the federal government.
What did your grandchildren say is the most important rule in customer service?
Lee's 12-year-old granddaughter said, “Be nice.” And his 10-year-old grandson said, “When you serve, you are always the giving one.” Sometimes the simplest answers come from children.
How could the political parties in the United States apply The Customer Rules?
Focus on having integrity by not

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.641266
Retrieved Text: Do You Know What Your Customer Is Thinking?
KillerStartups > Startup Reviews > Do You Know What Your Customer Is Thinking?
Do you know what your customer is thinking? Do you know what she loves about your site or product and what she really kind of hates? Do you know why she left that item in the shopping cart or which part of your content she’s drawn to first?
If you answered no to any of those questions, then it’s time to step up your customer feedback game. Knowing what your customer is thinking is the key to success to your startup and it’s time you got a good system in place to do that.
One option you may want to consider checking out is Feedback Lite, a new website customer feedback tool. Feedback Lite is packed full of features that make receiving and responding to customer feedback a breeze.
The process of getting started is simple. Once you start your free 14-day trial, they’ll help you build a widget, get it installed, and you’re good to start monitoring as many feedback campaigns as you like – on as many websites as you like – straight from your Feedback Lite Dashboard.
Unlike brick and mortar stores, startup founders can’t just ask their customers face-to-face what they’re thinking or where they could improve. Tools like Feedback Lite take the place of those in-person interactions to provide much needed information that can only help your startup grow in the right direction.
Once your free trial is up, Feedback Lite has a competitive pricing tiered system

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.639087
Retrieved Text: Why is Customer Service Important? What is Good Customer Service?
Why is customer service important? Because unhappy customers will not buy from you. What is good customer service? To define customer service for your business you need to first understand how to deliver what customers want.
Understanding why is customer service important is the first step in delivering exceptional service.
Providing excellent, and memorable, client support is important for client retention. Without exceptional support, your clients will not return. Average or mediocre support won't keep your customers either. And bad customer service will simply drive them away.
As a business owner or manager, you need to ensure that your business is focused on understanding "what is good customer service" and how to define customer service. With that understanding in place, you can work on building and maintaining great customer service, and high customer satisfaction levels.
#1: Provide support to your customers that is about them, not about you (for example, not "we're too busy, we're short a person, Tom's on holidays, etc.").
#2: Always try to put yourself in your client's point of view (for example, if they need a product delivered at a certain time (and you can't make that time) then try to provide alternatives for satisfying their requirement).
#3: Listen to your customers. Build a strong customer service management program by actively listening to your customers.
Define Customer Service: What Kind of Support and Satisfaction Do You Deliver?
Do a grid on your 'best' and 'worst' customers: what they do right; what they do wrong; what they do on a repetitive basis.
Consider

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.629369
Retrieved Text: Will the transition to BinckBank results in higher service costs of Pritle?
What will change for me as a client when it comes to the service?
Will there be a combined login for Pritle and BinckBank?
Can I close the account as a result of the acquisition?
What is the advantage for me as a Pritle customers?
What happens to the investments?
What are Pritle’s customer service possibilities to ask questions about the acquisition?
Will Pritle still offer the same services?
Will Pritle’s online wealth management change? If yes, what will change?
Is it still possible for me as a customer to retrieve the account money at any time?
Pritle’s Customer Service team can be contacted on Monday/ Friday from 09:00 to 17:30 on telephone number 020-2170979, support.nl@pritle.com and chat. The Pritle Customer Service team is also able to help the customer by viewing the customer’s profile on the website via special technology to simplify the customer service.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.626197
Retrieved Text: Is being «customer centric» a well intentioned management decision, or is it the DNA of a company? Is it a reflection of what you want customers to think you are – or is it a representation of why you are and how you tick?
Are there any customers on your board of directors?
Would you break with a lucrative industry norm if you found that the status quo presented an unfair deal to the customer?
Is the company using innovation to change the company or keep the ‘old’ customer?
How would a customer make a decision in your company?
Can front line employees make important business decision on behalf of the company in their meeting with the customer?
Is knowledge and insight harvested and protected or let free and cultivated?
Is the organization hierarchical and linear or decentralized?
Would you sacrifice shareholder value to gain customer and employee value?
Are you asking new questions in order to understand your customer that you weren’t even thinking about a year or a month ago?
What is most important to the company – efficiency or flexibility?
Most companies are designed for efficiency and standardization, effectively meaning that they are designed to keep the customer on the outside (1). The old way of managing a company can easily end up holding both customers and employees hostage to the leaderships self-preserving customer animosity.
Customer demand patterns are increasingly out pacing companies with the problem set affecting the firm changing on average every seven days (2). Putting the customer first is impossible without a new type of management structure flexible and fast enough to

================



======= Instance Index 4189 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: After shaking off Logan , Jack took the most direct route to Ianto 's hut . It kept him off the boardwalk , which was probably just fine since he had the gun and machete and looked every bit like he 'd spent the night hacking his way through the jungle . The sun was creeping higher , had to be getting close to noon -- although the canopy made it hard to tell . He came out of the trees and went straight for the door , prepared to walk right in . At the last moment he stopped , knocked sharply , and waited .
Question: Where may i be ?
Options: 
- Spain
 - None of the above choices .
 - A Pacific island
 - Russia

Target Text: A Pacific island

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.103746
Retrieved Text: O' Great Spirit whose voice I hear in the wind and whose breath gives life to all the world hear me! I am small and weak, I need your strength and wisdom. Let me walk in beauty and make my eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset. O' Great Spirit make my hand respect the things you have made and my ears sharp to hear your voice. Make me wise so that I may understand the things you have taught my people. Let me learn the lessons you have hidden in every leaf and rock. O' Great Spirit, we seek strength, not to be greater than my brother, but to fight my greatest enemy myself. Make us always ready to come to you with clean hands and straight eyes, so when life fades as the fading sunset my spirit may come to you without shame.
Lord, make me a channel of thy peace--that where there is hatred, I may bring love--that where there is wrong, I may bring the spirit of forgiveness--that where there is discord, I may bring harmony--that where there is error, I may bring truth--that where there is doubt, I may bring faith--that where there is despair, I may bring hope--that where there are shadows, I may bring light--that where there is sadness, I may bring joy. Lord, grant that I may seek to comfort than to be comforted--to understand, than to be understood--to love, than be loved. For it is by self-forgetting that one finds. It is by forgiving that one is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.575613
Retrieved Text: I don’t plan on putting too many news stories on this site, because what’s news where I live may not be news where you live.
Once in a while I may run across a news story I wrote for the paper that may be more relateable to everyone who visits Casey’s Column.
When that happens, I’ll put the story here in the News Stories section.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.544117
Retrieved Text: Hi. As you've probably surmised, I'm Jeff Meli. Thanks for checking out my site.
I have recently graduated from the Stevens Institute of Technology, where I attained a B.Sc. degree in computer science with a minor in philosophy. My résumé is available here.
While you're here, I would suggest checking out my blog, where you can find posts about topics you may or may not be interested in, and which may or may not include: challenges I deal with, personal projects, and (what blog would be complete without...) opinions & rants.
If you'd like to contact me, I can be emailed at the address j at this domain (which is fej.io).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.482968
Retrieved Text: Cross My Heart: Friday, May 1, 2015!
Jesus said to his disciples: "Do not let your hearts be troubled. You have faith in God; have faith also in me. In my Father’s house there are many dwelling places. If there were not, would I have told you that I am going to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back again and take you to myself, so that where I am you also may be. Where I am going you know the way.” Thomas said to him, “Master, we do not know where you are going; how can we know the way?” Jesus said to him, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Today, I'm praying for all those who work for a living. May the Lord bless the work of their hands.
Mother's Day, May 10, 2015!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.481483
Retrieved Text: Thankyou for reading, I am posting this to share my story and my own personal thoughts on my dreams and what they may mean however I would greatly appreciate your opinions as well. Before I get started I would just like to say that this may make me sound a little crazy and I just may be haha. This may also scare some people due to the sensitive content.
As of now I am 18 years old. When I was younger, 3 or 4 years old I used to see spirits and be very in touch with otherworldly entities. For example I used to see a man in my mother’s bedroom closet that seemed to resemble Jesus as we commonly know him. My whole life I seemed to feel as if I was something different than the every day people walking around me. Around the same years I saw the man in the closet I would have a reoccurring dream. It started with me as a young child tied to a tall bare tree that sprung up feom the center of the floor of my house. The house had no walls or ceiling and everything around me was on fire though I didn’t feel it burning. A beautiful man walked up to me as I was tied to the tree and started talking to me, I don’t exactly remember what he was saying but then he touched my face. It started turning black where he touched and spread a crossed half of my face in tendrils through

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.466746
Retrieved Text: Care Center Shop I may be eligible to receive a sales tax exemption. Where can I input my request?
I may be eligible to receive a sales tax exemption. Where can I input my request?
Please send an email to tax@magicleap.com including an attachment of your completed exemption documentation.
I think I was charged the wrong amount. What should I do?
What occurs during a delivery appointment?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.4638815
Retrieved Text: Proverbs 27:1 — Don’t brashly announce what you’re going to do tomorrow; you don’t know the first thing about tomorrow.
My plans for you may differ drastically from what you’re planning for yourself. Don’t proudly boast, pride comes before the fall and it’s not where I want you to be. You have many choices and decisions ahead of you…I can only steer you and hope that you choose Me and what I want for you. I may steer and alter your plans because you may be heading in a direction so far from Me it will take you a long time to recover and get back on the road I designed for you. I may bring you to a valley or wilderness so that I can teach you and mold you into a useful vessel for Me. However, what you do while in these places is entirely your choice, keep your heart open to Me and seek Me.
There are so many reasons why life’s roads are winding and take sudden sharp turns… why I alter your plans. So many times you want to lead yourself without consulting Me, this is not a place where you should be. Relinquish your control to Me and trust Me in all areas of your life, not just where it’s convenient, but ALL. I have bigger plans for you, but you have to be willing to allow Me to use you where I feel you’re best qualified and needed most. Even if this is where you feel least comfortable and out of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.441217
Retrieved Text: Who’s Ability Are You Focusing On, Yours Or God’s?
Have you ever found yourself wondering how you got where you are in your life, If you are where you’re meant to be, If you’re going to stay on this road or if God has other plans for you? If you answered yes, you’re like 98% of most people.
I get asked pretty often, “How does a pastor/speaker/teacher end up in Network Marketing?” My answer is pretty simple. 1. This is where I felt God leading me because I needed to be home with my children and be able to earn an income 2. I’m passionate about people and this enables me to serve them. I can still use my gifts with the people God places in my sphere of influence every day!
Why am I telling you this? Because you may have found yourself questioning how, or if you are ever going to get the place that you envisioned yourself in so many years ago. You may think that the passion you have deep inside has nothing to do with where you are in life right now and you may be questioning yourself about the choices you have made or the direction you have gone in. I want to encourage you that you ARE being prepared, changed and transformed by God to be EVERYTHING that He created you to be.
We often have more faith in our own ability to get it wrong than we do in God’s ability to get it right but you WILL end up in the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.420297
Retrieved Text: Wow – the time has come! I know some of you may have been dreading this moment of saying goodbye to the Mount, and some of you may be anxious to start this next chapter in your life. The “real world” seems scary, but trust me, it’s going to be okay! Take a deep breath, set some goals, talk to your friends and family, and never lose sight of what you’ve been working towards.
In case you didn’t know, no two people have the same exact plan after graduation. Some of you may go straight into the work field, some of you may get a place of your own, some of you may go back to school, and some of you may still be figuring out what your next step is. Always remember that you are your own person with your own game plan. It’s okay if you’re not exactly where you want to be the minute you graduate – that’s the beauty of having plenty of days to work towards what you want! Currently, I am finishing up my second-to-last semester of graduate school for Mental Health Counseling while working part time as a teaching assistant and juggling a rewarding internship. I know I am not where I want to be at this exact moment, but I can see my end goal coming soon! No matter what you do and where you decide to go, give 110% and never forget where you came from.
Congratulations Class of 2018! Cherish the time you have left at the Mount

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.414069
Retrieved Text: We are I Want Fabric , a specialist retailer of Quality Textiles - Honestly Priced.
We keep a keen eye on prices and are very competitively priced.
We have a great team of 10 people running the business.
From time to time, we may offer promo codes which may apply to any, or certain specified purchases made through the I Want Fabric website. Each Promo Code will be subject to specific terms & conditions specified at the time the promo code is issued (including the length of time to use the code). Only one promo code can be used against an order at any one time. A promo code can't be applied to an order after that order has been placed. Certain product category exclusions may apply so we’ll let you know if you can't use your promo code on anything before you complete your purchase. If the promo code has expired, you won’t be able use it. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time.
1.1. Returns will be accepted within 14 days of postmark. 1.2. Items must be in an ‘as new condition’. 1.3. Where there is no fault with the item/s returned, the customer is responsible for return postage costs. 2.1. Returns should be notified to I Want Fabric Customer Services by email to info@iwantfabric.com. 3.1. Where a return is required as a result of an error, fault, or otherwise on the part of I Want Fabric, postage costs may be recovered by the customer. 3.2. Return postage refunds must be authorised

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.361555
Retrieved Text: Surely, we would experience diverse life situations may it be good or bad, controllable or inevitable. Situations may sometimes be happy or sometimes sad.
But when the going gets tough, we can hold on to the Lord, who is the Rock, where we stand firm and unshakable!
Today, I choose to stay where I would be safe and secure. I choose to stay with THE LORD JESUS!
As the Psalmist says: love you, LORD God, and you make me strong. You are my mighty rock, my fortress, my protector, the rock where I am safe, my shield, my powerful weapon, and my place of shelter.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.288445
Retrieved Text: Born on August 28, 1979 .
This memorial website was created in memory of our loved one, David Arroyo, 36, born on August 28, 1979 and passed away on May 30, 2016. We will remember him forever.
Lord, make me an instrument of your peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon; Where there is doubt, faith; Where there is despair, hope; Where there is darkness, light; Where there is sadness, joy. Grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console; To be understood as to understand; To be loved as to love. For it is in giving that we receive; It is in pardoning that we pardoned; and It is in dying that we are born to eternal life.
Happy Birthday David..your mother and I went to Mass..drove to Red Rock Canyon where you and Eva walked on the trails and listened to your music. Sophie may be looking for you..she crossed over the bridge last week..when you see her, give her lot's of love and stay close together.
Remembering your birthdate David. A day of joy, a mothers love, a time to celebrate. Your always with us David. Happy Birthday.
My dear son, today is two months since you've been gone; I miss you so very much! Time has stood still for me; at times I cannot even breathe. I am struggling to find my "new normal" knowing that I will never get over the loss of you, not in a day or month or in a million

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.265172
Retrieved Text: ABSTRACT: I will review two areas where Ricci flow makes contact with physics. Firstly I will review how Ricci flow arises from the renormalisation group equations of 2d `sigma models’ (I will try to explain what these words mean!). Secondly I will review a more recent link, where Ricci flow may be thought of as an algorithm to numerically find solutions to Einstein’s gravitational equations in exotic settings. In physics in both cases it is interesting to consider how black holes evolve under Ricci flow. Static black holes may be thought of as Riemannian geometries, while stationary black holes cannot, but still may be evolved using a ‘Lorentzian’ signature Ricci flow. I will also discuss the existence of Ricci solitons which are important to understand in the second context.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.264166
Retrieved Text: Today I remember that every event is a part of my spiritual journey. Every moment is a moment of my spiritual path, inviting me to rise to the highest version of myself.
May grace, compassion, understanding, and love be the hallmarks of my personality, as they are the essence of my true being. May heaven come to earth through me today.
I am willing today to be the person you would have me be.
I release to you my illusions. Please strengthen me where I am weak.
And heal me where I am wounded. And so it is.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.246794
Retrieved Text: Do you know where you are? Not geographically speaking but in life?
Hopefully you’re exactly where you want to be in life, if not, the rest of this post is for you.
I may not know where you are but I do know how you got there. It was a decision, or more likely, a series of decisions that put you where you are. The choices you made, about where to work, where to go to school, what to study and perhaps most importantly, who to associate with, have conspired to put you exactly where you are in life.
You may not like that, you may even want to disagree with it. If you’re not happy with where you are in life you may have excuses and reasons for being there but know this: getting where you want to go will require you to accept responsibility for where you are.
Here is another bit of news you may not like: the people you associate with are almost as responsible for where you are in life as you are. Most people, there are exceptions but most people, do not achieve a greater level of success than their peer group.
I’m just not going to sugarcoat this; if you’re consistently hanging out with low achievers then it’s unlikely that you’ll reach your full potential. Your “friends” could be the nicest, kindest, most fun people on earth but if they have no desire to excel then the odds are overwhelming that they will pull you down to their level of achievement.
I know that is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.241296
Retrieved Text: Every where and any where!
My name is miss Akilah, Colors may fade, the sun may not shine, the moon may not be bright, heartbeats may stop, lives may pass but our friendship, I'll treasure 'till the day my heart stops.please contact me through my email address (akilah.adura01@yahoo.co.uk) for more about me.
I'm awfully sorry I cannot tag along with you to have tea as I am going horse riding with the Miss' plus, I do not even like tea!
I hope your dinner plans go swimmingly anyhoo.
im doing spiffingly well,how about yourself?
Madam Rebecca Lovack of the royal house of richness.
I'm awfully happy I get to comment on your spiffing page!
How are you feeling this fine night? I am spiffing! I am awfully sorry I must departure to have some tea with the miss'.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.238404
Retrieved Text: Here are some answers to some commonly asked questions. If you have a question that you think belongs on this page, please submit your question to the Kingdom Exchequer (Exchequer@calontir.org).
How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
Where should I report website expenses?
Where should I report site deposits?
Do I have to fill out an event report?
Who may be comped at the gate of an event?
Who may be comped for feast?
Who pays for Royal Lunches?
Where do I send the Non-Member Surcharge (NMS) payment for an event?
1. How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Check out the officers page - you can e-mail the Regional for your state, as well as the NMS reporting deputy right from our site!
2. Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
The IRS only has one Tax ID Number (TIN) for the SCA. This TIN is used for every single group. So, when we issue a check to another group, the IRS sees it as transferring money within an organization (since that is what we’re doing).
3. Where should I report website expenses?
Websites expenses should be listed under “Fees and Honoraria” on the Expense Detail Part 1. Please include the payee of the check and the service being used.
4. Where should I report site deposits?
If the site deposit is non-refundable, then it is recorded as an “Occupancy & Site Charge” on the Income Statement. If the site deposit is refundable, then it

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.227533
Retrieved Text: Did you ever just get an overwhelming feeling of being blessed in a God-given happiness sort of way? The kind that when you can close your eyes, breathe in and feel yourself fill up and overflow with blessings. The kind where you think of everyone in your life, everything you have in your life and where your life is headed and you just sit in awe, tears hanging in your eyes. I adore days like this, I feel like they are such a gift from God.
This type of joy comes from memories and reminders of blessings, not riches or abundance. As I get older, I'm realizing just what blessings God has given me in my life. Joy is my choice. Joy is a fruit of the Spirit, second only to love, it flows from God, not circumstances.
I may not be perfect BUT God loves me!
I may not have a bucket-load of friends BUT but I have a handful of amazing ones!
I may not be rich, have a first-class house or expensive cars BUT I'm super rich in love!
I may not be thin BUT my husband sure does love me just as I am!
I may not have a big paying job BUT I feel I have the best one ever!
I may not live close to any stores BUT I love my little small town, USA!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.223486
Retrieved Text: Live on Your Boat! Are You Crazy!
To live on your boat is the easy part. Many boats, like RVs, can be quite comfortable to live in. You will find that you do not need to have a lot of "things" in your life.
Simple is better, and a necessity when you live on a boat. When you go shopping, you ask yourself questions like: Where will I put it? Will it nest with things I have? What do I get rid of if I get it? Do I really need this?
You have two possibilities when you live aboard. Dock at a marina, or live on the hook (at anchor).
The boat changes your style of living by the limits it has. At anchor, the amount of water you have is limited to the size of the storage tank you have on board. The toilet holding tank size, the size and number of batteries for electricity, the hot water system and your refrigerator size are just a short list of how the boat limits what you can do.
When living at anchor, these can either restrict or merely simplify your lifestyle.
If you are on the hook, you need to find out where you may tie up your dinghy, where you may park a car, where you may get water and where a pump out station is.
Add to the list where trash may be dumped, where you can get boat fuel and where you might walk the dog without causing offense.
Live-aboard boaters at anchor are often looked upon as "freeloaders," however,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.2229185
Retrieved Text: Specific file structure on SD card for X - ringtones etc?
So with the X - are the file locations for various files on the SD any different than any other Android phone?
For example - I simply created a "ringtones" folder on the root of my SD card and plopped my mp3 ringtones I made in there. They seem to work - but sometimes the ringtone plays for just a brief second when I answer a call which makes me wonder if I fubar'd up something doing that.
Also - where exactly should non-live regular old wallpapers and icons go on the SD card?
If this post applies to ANY Android phone please move it to the General Help forum but I figured the X might have a slightly different file structure going on so I figured I post here first.
Regardless of where this may or may not be moved - being an Android newb - I could use some guidance on where to be plopping my various downloads.
what about icons? where should I put those?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.221718
Retrieved Text: Family, Maternity, Children & More!
You may have noticed lately that my website and social media has changed a bit when it comes to showing family sessions and more. It has been all about weddings, but I wanted to make one thing clear... I STILL do family sessions in between. It's where my roots are! It's where I started in this career and why I've progressed to where I am now. So with that said, YES, I am still taking family, maternity, high school senior sessions and more. It may not be as often, but I am doing them.
Due to limited availabilty - I am only booking sessions for July or later.
This will be our way of contact. Please use one you have access to and check frequently.
What month are you hoping to do your session in?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.181208
Retrieved Text: Click image to view and ENJOY!
May 2015 be the year that makes the difference. May it be the year where you find all the knowledge, resources and support you need. All the courage, strength and faith to succeed. Let it be the year in which you embrace the rest of your life with all of your loves, desires and dreams as they come true.
This is the year where I will begin to live the rest of my life. I wish the same for you. I look forward to seeing you soon.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.172878
Retrieved Text: I believe that I have lived before.
It isn’t a religious belief or story from folklore.
That fills me with inner knowing and seeing.
I wondered; I probed; I wondered why?
I knew that I was solitary and unique.
What it meant to be whole and human again.
I didn’t know how or where I had been.
And a living, breathing, new life had begun.
What it has all been for … so many tears.
What was I to accomplish this time?
Posted on May 13, 2017 May 13, 2017 by bowmanauthorPosted in bowmanauthor, DelilahTagged Future Lives, Past-lives, Poem, Poetry, The Sky, What was I Supposed to Learn?, Where Do I Go From Here?, Where Have I Been?, Why?, Will I Return?.
Next Next post: What Have You Written Today?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.1712055
Retrieved Text: (Vince) When I fall, you're my place to land I lose my touch, your my hands The one I hold on to If you run out of reasons to try I'll love enough for both you and I I'll be the one you can run to (Barbra) I'd rather go through any pain love puts us through Than to spend one day without you by my side (Both) If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever lonely,I wanna be lonely too My home's beside you, no matter where you may go My love's inside you, even more than you know (Barbra) In a world of anger and lies I find peace in your eyes A flame in the darkness (Both) And though all space and time 'Til every star refuses to shine (Barbra) You know where my heart is I'd rather go through any pain love puts us through (Both) Than to spend one day without you by my side If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever lonely,I wanna be lonely too My home's beside you, no matter where you may go My love's inside you,even more than you know And I can't remember life without you The way it used to be Feels like a million years away (Vince) Hold me 'til the angel sing (Barbra) Tell me every little thing (Both) Promise me forever from this day If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.164432
Retrieved Text: Hey there! I hope you’re doing well this lovely Friday.
I wanted to share some exciting stuff that’s been happening around here lately. As you may know, we have been working really hard creating videos for my new YouTube channel. I’ve added a category (aka playlist) called “How to” Tuesdays where I will be sharing all sorts of cooking tips, tricks and easy-to-understand cooking explanations. As you probably guessed it, those videos will be coming out on Tuesdays.
I also have a playlist called Cooking Can Be Easy where I share super tasty recipes that are easy to follow.
What did you think? I’d LOVE your feedback. Please also share any “how to” ideas you may have in the comments below. I may just choose your idea and make a video out of it!
Have you subscribed to my YouTube channel yet? If not, click here and sign up to get all my latest videos. They’re super cool!
« Cooking 101: What’s the Difference Between Onions?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.163438
Retrieved Text: Starting off with a show that is super organized, I figured all shows are like this. I’ve already seen dishonesty from show organizers from over stating their attendance and even the value of being with their show.
One show in the USA, I have emailed them 3 times requesting what their expected attendance is and have waiting 6 weeks to get some responses. I have seen where show organizers are contacting me within a week of finally acknowledging my email and still and still expecting me to be available.
Is the location where the event is making sense for the organizer’s claim?
Are they more concerned to sell than educate you about the show?
Consumer’s expected at the show, remember that a show of 40,000 guests may be just as good as a 5,000 guests. The 5,000 may be more dedicated to the crafting where the larger show may be a great rainy day event. Your sales could be better with smaller events!
Essentially, do your homework! Make sure you read critiques from a non bias point of view. Someone selling knitting machines may have sucked really bad but the sew machine vendor totally kicked some serious cash in the same show. Understand the consumer draw for the show.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.162367
Retrieved Text: Thinking Out Loud: Who are you?
I am not necessarily what others think of me or who others think I am.
I may not be all that I can be.
I am filled with potential that is unfolding.
I am walking my own path ~ even if I take a detour or two.
I am learning from my experiences, I am changing and evolving.
So, in asking myself the question “Who are you?”, I am not necessarily looking for any precise answer. I am more interested in where I stand in life at this point in time. In where I have been and where I am heading on my personal path. And on the steps I can take right now in order to get there.
In all reality, when we ask ourselves that question, there are many answers. Which answer comes up depends upon the perspective it was asked from; the aspect of ourselves we are looking at.
Therefore the answer will be different when we are looking at our reality selves, our core selves ~ chances are the answer will have a more spiritual slant to it ~ than it will be in light of how we present ourselves to the world around us. Observing the passionate sides of ourselves may give yet a different answer.
This leads me to believe that we are all multi-faceted human beings that have all the potential we may ever wish for, and have a lot to offer to the world.
The danger in being multi-faceted is ~ and this is where the question “Who are you?” comes in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.146952
Retrieved Text: My grandmother on my mothers side was Florence Hanscom of Lee Maine. I have my complete line back to Thomas Hanscom of Kittery(1650) and Nathaniel Merrill of Newbury Massachusetts(1638). I am always looking for more information about both families. Ive been to Eliot and would like to find more about where Thomas really came from, where his house was actually located, and where were many of my descendants buried. I know I may never find any of this but I love the challenge. Im a big history fan and during my research have retained alot of knowledge about other Maine families as well so I may be able to help others with their searches.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.140875
Retrieved Text: I'm really doing it. I'm going. I'm doing what any 39 year old single woman should do instead of commit suicide after a failed relationship. I am taking off. It may seem irresponsible, but at least I can travel and do my work on the go.
I just talked to my dad for the first time in months. It's a long story. But for awhile I had know idea where he was. I also had no idea where my sisters were. Now I may take to spend with them and be united with them again. I've been through quite a bit in my life, but I never want to be cut off from my dad and sisters ever again.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.129972
Retrieved Text: Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
May I register for a course after its beginning?
May I attend a lesson without having registered for the particular course?
May I transfer to another course (different time and/or day) at the same level?
If I find that the course I am attending is higher or lower than my level, can I transfer accordingly?
Is the price of coursebooks included in the tuition fees?
Where can I purchase the coursebooks required for my course?
How can I learn more about the content of the course that I am interested in attending (aims, duration, components, etc)?
May I obtain a visa to the European Union when I register for a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Are students coming from abroad offered help in arranging accommodations?
What documents do I need in order to enroll in a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Does the Hellenic American Union offer private lessons of Modern Greek?
Do tuition fees include VAT (Value Added Tax)?
Where exactly is the Hellenic American Union located?
How will I find out where my classroom is?
Can I pay for only the lesson-hours that I attend?
Apart from tuition fees, do I have to pay a registration fee as well?
How can I determine my level?
Is it possible that the course I have registered for will be canceled?
1. Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
Once you complete the course you are attending, you may request

================



======= Instance Index 9750 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Into him , huh ! " " See , " Yamapi points . " That was weird . " For that is the problem with Ryo , he means one thing and says the almost nearly complete opposite . Even Yamapi , who has been his friend for such a long time , still does n't know how translate Ryo - speak perfectly yet . So Koyama , the guy across the floor with the very tight jeans who 's deceptively tall , became aware that Ryo had taken an interest in becoming his friend , so to speak .
Question: Where may I be ?
Options: 
- Spain
 - Japan
 - None of the above choices .
 - Russia

Target Text: Japan

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.103746
Retrieved Text: O' Great Spirit whose voice I hear in the wind and whose breath gives life to all the world hear me! I am small and weak, I need your strength and wisdom. Let me walk in beauty and make my eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset. O' Great Spirit make my hand respect the things you have made and my ears sharp to hear your voice. Make me wise so that I may understand the things you have taught my people. Let me learn the lessons you have hidden in every leaf and rock. O' Great Spirit, we seek strength, not to be greater than my brother, but to fight my greatest enemy myself. Make us always ready to come to you with clean hands and straight eyes, so when life fades as the fading sunset my spirit may come to you without shame.
Lord, make me a channel of thy peace--that where there is hatred, I may bring love--that where there is wrong, I may bring the spirit of forgiveness--that where there is discord, I may bring harmony--that where there is error, I may bring truth--that where there is doubt, I may bring faith--that where there is despair, I may bring hope--that where there are shadows, I may bring light--that where there is sadness, I may bring joy. Lord, grant that I may seek to comfort than to be comforted--to understand, than to be understood--to love, than be loved. For it is by self-forgetting that one finds. It is by forgiving that one is

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.575613
Retrieved Text: I don’t plan on putting too many news stories on this site, because what’s news where I live may not be news where you live.
Once in a while I may run across a news story I wrote for the paper that may be more relateable to everyone who visits Casey’s Column.
When that happens, I’ll put the story here in the News Stories section.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.544117
Retrieved Text: Hi. As you've probably surmised, I'm Jeff Meli. Thanks for checking out my site.
I have recently graduated from the Stevens Institute of Technology, where I attained a B.Sc. degree in computer science with a minor in philosophy. My résumé is available here.
While you're here, I would suggest checking out my blog, where you can find posts about topics you may or may not be interested in, and which may or may not include: challenges I deal with, personal projects, and (what blog would be complete without...) opinions & rants.
If you'd like to contact me, I can be emailed at the address j at this domain (which is fej.io).

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.482968
Retrieved Text: Cross My Heart: Friday, May 1, 2015!
Jesus said to his disciples: "Do not let your hearts be troubled. You have faith in God; have faith also in me. In my Father’s house there are many dwelling places. If there were not, would I have told you that I am going to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back again and take you to myself, so that where I am you also may be. Where I am going you know the way.” Thomas said to him, “Master, we do not know where you are going; how can we know the way?” Jesus said to him, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Today, I'm praying for all those who work for a living. May the Lord bless the work of their hands.
Mother's Day, May 10, 2015!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.481483
Retrieved Text: Thankyou for reading, I am posting this to share my story and my own personal thoughts on my dreams and what they may mean however I would greatly appreciate your opinions as well. Before I get started I would just like to say that this may make me sound a little crazy and I just may be haha. This may also scare some people due to the sensitive content.
As of now I am 18 years old. When I was younger, 3 or 4 years old I used to see spirits and be very in touch with otherworldly entities. For example I used to see a man in my mother’s bedroom closet that seemed to resemble Jesus as we commonly know him. My whole life I seemed to feel as if I was something different than the every day people walking around me. Around the same years I saw the man in the closet I would have a reoccurring dream. It started with me as a young child tied to a tall bare tree that sprung up feom the center of the floor of my house. The house had no walls or ceiling and everything around me was on fire though I didn’t feel it burning. A beautiful man walked up to me as I was tied to the tree and started talking to me, I don’t exactly remember what he was saying but then he touched my face. It started turning black where he touched and spread a crossed half of my face in tendrils through

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.466746
Retrieved Text: Care Center Shop I may be eligible to receive a sales tax exemption. Where can I input my request?
I may be eligible to receive a sales tax exemption. Where can I input my request?
Please send an email to tax@magicleap.com including an attachment of your completed exemption documentation.
I think I was charged the wrong amount. What should I do?
What occurs during a delivery appointment?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.4638815
Retrieved Text: Proverbs 27:1 — Don’t brashly announce what you’re going to do tomorrow; you don’t know the first thing about tomorrow.
My plans for you may differ drastically from what you’re planning for yourself. Don’t proudly boast, pride comes before the fall and it’s not where I want you to be. You have many choices and decisions ahead of you…I can only steer you and hope that you choose Me and what I want for you. I may steer and alter your plans because you may be heading in a direction so far from Me it will take you a long time to recover and get back on the road I designed for you. I may bring you to a valley or wilderness so that I can teach you and mold you into a useful vessel for Me. However, what you do while in these places is entirely your choice, keep your heart open to Me and seek Me.
There are so many reasons why life’s roads are winding and take sudden sharp turns… why I alter your plans. So many times you want to lead yourself without consulting Me, this is not a place where you should be. Relinquish your control to Me and trust Me in all areas of your life, not just where it’s convenient, but ALL. I have bigger plans for you, but you have to be willing to allow Me to use you where I feel you’re best qualified and needed most. Even if this is where you feel least comfortable and out of

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.441217
Retrieved Text: Who’s Ability Are You Focusing On, Yours Or God’s?
Have you ever found yourself wondering how you got where you are in your life, If you are where you’re meant to be, If you’re going to stay on this road or if God has other plans for you? If you answered yes, you’re like 98% of most people.
I get asked pretty often, “How does a pastor/speaker/teacher end up in Network Marketing?” My answer is pretty simple. 1. This is where I felt God leading me because I needed to be home with my children and be able to earn an income 2. I’m passionate about people and this enables me to serve them. I can still use my gifts with the people God places in my sphere of influence every day!
Why am I telling you this? Because you may have found yourself questioning how, or if you are ever going to get the place that you envisioned yourself in so many years ago. You may think that the passion you have deep inside has nothing to do with where you are in life right now and you may be questioning yourself about the choices you have made or the direction you have gone in. I want to encourage you that you ARE being prepared, changed and transformed by God to be EVERYTHING that He created you to be.
We often have more faith in our own ability to get it wrong than we do in God’s ability to get it right but you WILL end up in the

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.420297
Retrieved Text: Wow – the time has come! I know some of you may have been dreading this moment of saying goodbye to the Mount, and some of you may be anxious to start this next chapter in your life. The “real world” seems scary, but trust me, it’s going to be okay! Take a deep breath, set some goals, talk to your friends and family, and never lose sight of what you’ve been working towards.
In case you didn’t know, no two people have the same exact plan after graduation. Some of you may go straight into the work field, some of you may get a place of your own, some of you may go back to school, and some of you may still be figuring out what your next step is. Always remember that you are your own person with your own game plan. It’s okay if you’re not exactly where you want to be the minute you graduate – that’s the beauty of having plenty of days to work towards what you want! Currently, I am finishing up my second-to-last semester of graduate school for Mental Health Counseling while working part time as a teaching assistant and juggling a rewarding internship. I know I am not where I want to be at this exact moment, but I can see my end goal coming soon! No matter what you do and where you decide to go, give 110% and never forget where you came from.
Congratulations Class of 2018! Cherish the time you have left at the Mount

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.414069
Retrieved Text: We are I Want Fabric , a specialist retailer of Quality Textiles - Honestly Priced.
We keep a keen eye on prices and are very competitively priced.
We have a great team of 10 people running the business.
From time to time, we may offer promo codes which may apply to any, or certain specified purchases made through the I Want Fabric website. Each Promo Code will be subject to specific terms & conditions specified at the time the promo code is issued (including the length of time to use the code). Only one promo code can be used against an order at any one time. A promo code can't be applied to an order after that order has been placed. Certain product category exclusions may apply so we’ll let you know if you can't use your promo code on anything before you complete your purchase. If the promo code has expired, you won’t be able use it. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time.
1.1. Returns will be accepted within 14 days of postmark. 1.2. Items must be in an ‘as new condition’. 1.3. Where there is no fault with the item/s returned, the customer is responsible for return postage costs. 2.1. Returns should be notified to I Want Fabric Customer Services by email to info@iwantfabric.com. 3.1. Where a return is required as a result of an error, fault, or otherwise on the part of I Want Fabric, postage costs may be recovered by the customer. 3.2. Return postage refunds must be authorised

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.361555
Retrieved Text: Surely, we would experience diverse life situations may it be good or bad, controllable or inevitable. Situations may sometimes be happy or sometimes sad.
But when the going gets tough, we can hold on to the Lord, who is the Rock, where we stand firm and unshakable!
Today, I choose to stay where I would be safe and secure. I choose to stay with THE LORD JESUS!
As the Psalmist says: love you, LORD God, and you make me strong. You are my mighty rock, my fortress, my protector, the rock where I am safe, my shield, my powerful weapon, and my place of shelter.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.288445
Retrieved Text: Born on August 28, 1979 .
This memorial website was created in memory of our loved one, David Arroyo, 36, born on August 28, 1979 and passed away on May 30, 2016. We will remember him forever.
Lord, make me an instrument of your peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon; Where there is doubt, faith; Where there is despair, hope; Where there is darkness, light; Where there is sadness, joy. Grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console; To be understood as to understand; To be loved as to love. For it is in giving that we receive; It is in pardoning that we pardoned; and It is in dying that we are born to eternal life.
Happy Birthday David..your mother and I went to Mass..drove to Red Rock Canyon where you and Eva walked on the trails and listened to your music. Sophie may be looking for you..she crossed over the bridge last week..when you see her, give her lot's of love and stay close together.
Remembering your birthdate David. A day of joy, a mothers love, a time to celebrate. Your always with us David. Happy Birthday.
My dear son, today is two months since you've been gone; I miss you so very much! Time has stood still for me; at times I cannot even breathe. I am struggling to find my "new normal" knowing that I will never get over the loss of you, not in a day or month or in a million

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.265172
Retrieved Text: ABSTRACT: I will review two areas where Ricci flow makes contact with physics. Firstly I will review how Ricci flow arises from the renormalisation group equations of 2d `sigma models’ (I will try to explain what these words mean!). Secondly I will review a more recent link, where Ricci flow may be thought of as an algorithm to numerically find solutions to Einstein’s gravitational equations in exotic settings. In physics in both cases it is interesting to consider how black holes evolve under Ricci flow. Static black holes may be thought of as Riemannian geometries, while stationary black holes cannot, but still may be evolved using a ‘Lorentzian’ signature Ricci flow. I will also discuss the existence of Ricci solitons which are important to understand in the second context.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.264166
Retrieved Text: Today I remember that every event is a part of my spiritual journey. Every moment is a moment of my spiritual path, inviting me to rise to the highest version of myself.
May grace, compassion, understanding, and love be the hallmarks of my personality, as they are the essence of my true being. May heaven come to earth through me today.
I am willing today to be the person you would have me be.
I release to you my illusions. Please strengthen me where I am weak.
And heal me where I am wounded. And so it is.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.246794
Retrieved Text: Do you know where you are? Not geographically speaking but in life?
Hopefully you’re exactly where you want to be in life, if not, the rest of this post is for you.
I may not know where you are but I do know how you got there. It was a decision, or more likely, a series of decisions that put you where you are. The choices you made, about where to work, where to go to school, what to study and perhaps most importantly, who to associate with, have conspired to put you exactly where you are in life.
You may not like that, you may even want to disagree with it. If you’re not happy with where you are in life you may have excuses and reasons for being there but know this: getting where you want to go will require you to accept responsibility for where you are.
Here is another bit of news you may not like: the people you associate with are almost as responsible for where you are in life as you are. Most people, there are exceptions but most people, do not achieve a greater level of success than their peer group.
I’m just not going to sugarcoat this; if you’re consistently hanging out with low achievers then it’s unlikely that you’ll reach your full potential. Your “friends” could be the nicest, kindest, most fun people on earth but if they have no desire to excel then the odds are overwhelming that they will pull you down to their level of achievement.
I know that is

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.241296
Retrieved Text: Every where and any where!
My name is miss Akilah, Colors may fade, the sun may not shine, the moon may not be bright, heartbeats may stop, lives may pass but our friendship, I'll treasure 'till the day my heart stops.please contact me through my email address (akilah.adura01@yahoo.co.uk) for more about me.
I'm awfully sorry I cannot tag along with you to have tea as I am going horse riding with the Miss' plus, I do not even like tea!
I hope your dinner plans go swimmingly anyhoo.
im doing spiffingly well,how about yourself?
Madam Rebecca Lovack of the royal house of richness.
I'm awfully happy I get to comment on your spiffing page!
How are you feeling this fine night? I am spiffing! I am awfully sorry I must departure to have some tea with the miss'.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.238404
Retrieved Text: Here are some answers to some commonly asked questions. If you have a question that you think belongs on this page, please submit your question to the Kingdom Exchequer (Exchequer@calontir.org).
How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
Where should I report website expenses?
Where should I report site deposits?
Do I have to fill out an event report?
Who may be comped at the gate of an event?
Who may be comped for feast?
Who pays for Royal Lunches?
Where do I send the Non-Member Surcharge (NMS) payment for an event?
1. How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Check out the officers page - you can e-mail the Regional for your state, as well as the NMS reporting deputy right from our site!
2. Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
The IRS only has one Tax ID Number (TIN) for the SCA. This TIN is used for every single group. So, when we issue a check to another group, the IRS sees it as transferring money within an organization (since that is what we’re doing).
3. Where should I report website expenses?
Websites expenses should be listed under “Fees and Honoraria” on the Expense Detail Part 1. Please include the payee of the check and the service being used.
4. Where should I report site deposits?
If the site deposit is non-refundable, then it is recorded as an “Occupancy & Site Charge” on the Income Statement. If the site deposit is refundable, then it

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.227533
Retrieved Text: Did you ever just get an overwhelming feeling of being blessed in a God-given happiness sort of way? The kind that when you can close your eyes, breathe in and feel yourself fill up and overflow with blessings. The kind where you think of everyone in your life, everything you have in your life and where your life is headed and you just sit in awe, tears hanging in your eyes. I adore days like this, I feel like they are such a gift from God.
This type of joy comes from memories and reminders of blessings, not riches or abundance. As I get older, I'm realizing just what blessings God has given me in my life. Joy is my choice. Joy is a fruit of the Spirit, second only to love, it flows from God, not circumstances.
I may not be perfect BUT God loves me!
I may not have a bucket-load of friends BUT but I have a handful of amazing ones!
I may not be rich, have a first-class house or expensive cars BUT I'm super rich in love!
I may not be thin BUT my husband sure does love me just as I am!
I may not have a big paying job BUT I feel I have the best one ever!
I may not live close to any stores BUT I love my little small town, USA!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.223486
Retrieved Text: Live on Your Boat! Are You Crazy!
To live on your boat is the easy part. Many boats, like RVs, can be quite comfortable to live in. You will find that you do not need to have a lot of "things" in your life.
Simple is better, and a necessity when you live on a boat. When you go shopping, you ask yourself questions like: Where will I put it? Will it nest with things I have? What do I get rid of if I get it? Do I really need this?
You have two possibilities when you live aboard. Dock at a marina, or live on the hook (at anchor).
The boat changes your style of living by the limits it has. At anchor, the amount of water you have is limited to the size of the storage tank you have on board. The toilet holding tank size, the size and number of batteries for electricity, the hot water system and your refrigerator size are just a short list of how the boat limits what you can do.
When living at anchor, these can either restrict or merely simplify your lifestyle.
If you are on the hook, you need to find out where you may tie up your dinghy, where you may park a car, where you may get water and where a pump out station is.
Add to the list where trash may be dumped, where you can get boat fuel and where you might walk the dog without causing offense.
Live-aboard boaters at anchor are often looked upon as "freeloaders," however,

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.2229185
Retrieved Text: Specific file structure on SD card for X - ringtones etc?
So with the X - are the file locations for various files on the SD any different than any other Android phone?
For example - I simply created a "ringtones" folder on the root of my SD card and plopped my mp3 ringtones I made in there. They seem to work - but sometimes the ringtone plays for just a brief second when I answer a call which makes me wonder if I fubar'd up something doing that.
Also - where exactly should non-live regular old wallpapers and icons go on the SD card?
If this post applies to ANY Android phone please move it to the General Help forum but I figured the X might have a slightly different file structure going on so I figured I post here first.
Regardless of where this may or may not be moved - being an Android newb - I could use some guidance on where to be plopping my various downloads.
what about icons? where should I put those?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.221718
Retrieved Text: Family, Maternity, Children & More!
You may have noticed lately that my website and social media has changed a bit when it comes to showing family sessions and more. It has been all about weddings, but I wanted to make one thing clear... I STILL do family sessions in between. It's where my roots are! It's where I started in this career and why I've progressed to where I am now. So with that said, YES, I am still taking family, maternity, high school senior sessions and more. It may not be as often, but I am doing them.
Due to limited availabilty - I am only booking sessions for July or later.
This will be our way of contact. Please use one you have access to and check frequently.
What month are you hoping to do your session in?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.181208
Retrieved Text: Click image to view and ENJOY!
May 2015 be the year that makes the difference. May it be the year where you find all the knowledge, resources and support you need. All the courage, strength and faith to succeed. Let it be the year in which you embrace the rest of your life with all of your loves, desires and dreams as they come true.
This is the year where I will begin to live the rest of my life. I wish the same for you. I look forward to seeing you soon.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.172878
Retrieved Text: I believe that I have lived before.
It isn’t a religious belief or story from folklore.
That fills me with inner knowing and seeing.
I wondered; I probed; I wondered why?
I knew that I was solitary and unique.
What it meant to be whole and human again.
I didn’t know how or where I had been.
And a living, breathing, new life had begun.
What it has all been for … so many tears.
What was I to accomplish this time?
Posted on May 13, 2017 May 13, 2017 by bowmanauthorPosted in bowmanauthor, DelilahTagged Future Lives, Past-lives, Poem, Poetry, The Sky, What was I Supposed to Learn?, Where Do I Go From Here?, Where Have I Been?, Why?, Will I Return?.
Next Next post: What Have You Written Today?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.1712055
Retrieved Text: (Vince) When I fall, you're my place to land I lose my touch, your my hands The one I hold on to If you run out of reasons to try I'll love enough for both you and I I'll be the one you can run to (Barbra) I'd rather go through any pain love puts us through Than to spend one day without you by my side (Both) If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever lonely,I wanna be lonely too My home's beside you, no matter where you may go My love's inside you, even more than you know (Barbra) In a world of anger and lies I find peace in your eyes A flame in the darkness (Both) And though all space and time 'Til every star refuses to shine (Barbra) You know where my heart is I'd rather go through any pain love puts us through (Both) Than to spend one day without you by my side If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever lonely,I wanna be lonely too My home's beside you, no matter where you may go My love's inside you,even more than you know And I can't remember life without you The way it used to be Feels like a million years away (Vince) Hold me 'til the angel sing (Barbra) Tell me every little thing (Both) Promise me forever from this day If you ever leave me, will you take me with you? If you're ever

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.164432
Retrieved Text: Hey there! I hope you’re doing well this lovely Friday.
I wanted to share some exciting stuff that’s been happening around here lately. As you may know, we have been working really hard creating videos for my new YouTube channel. I’ve added a category (aka playlist) called “How to” Tuesdays where I will be sharing all sorts of cooking tips, tricks and easy-to-understand cooking explanations. As you probably guessed it, those videos will be coming out on Tuesdays.
I also have a playlist called Cooking Can Be Easy where I share super tasty recipes that are easy to follow.
What did you think? I’d LOVE your feedback. Please also share any “how to” ideas you may have in the comments below. I may just choose your idea and make a video out of it!
Have you subscribed to my YouTube channel yet? If not, click here and sign up to get all my latest videos. They’re super cool!
« Cooking 101: What’s the Difference Between Onions?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.163438
Retrieved Text: Starting off with a show that is super organized, I figured all shows are like this. I’ve already seen dishonesty from show organizers from over stating their attendance and even the value of being with their show.
One show in the USA, I have emailed them 3 times requesting what their expected attendance is and have waiting 6 weeks to get some responses. I have seen where show organizers are contacting me within a week of finally acknowledging my email and still and still expecting me to be available.
Is the location where the event is making sense for the organizer’s claim?
Are they more concerned to sell than educate you about the show?
Consumer’s expected at the show, remember that a show of 40,000 guests may be just as good as a 5,000 guests. The 5,000 may be more dedicated to the crafting where the larger show may be a great rainy day event. Your sales could be better with smaller events!
Essentially, do your homework! Make sure you read critiques from a non bias point of view. Someone selling knitting machines may have sucked really bad but the sew machine vendor totally kicked some serious cash in the same show. Understand the consumer draw for the show.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.162367
Retrieved Text: Thinking Out Loud: Who are you?
I am not necessarily what others think of me or who others think I am.
I may not be all that I can be.
I am filled with potential that is unfolding.
I am walking my own path ~ even if I take a detour or two.
I am learning from my experiences, I am changing and evolving.
So, in asking myself the question “Who are you?”, I am not necessarily looking for any precise answer. I am more interested in where I stand in life at this point in time. In where I have been and where I am heading on my personal path. And on the steps I can take right now in order to get there.
In all reality, when we ask ourselves that question, there are many answers. Which answer comes up depends upon the perspective it was asked from; the aspect of ourselves we are looking at.
Therefore the answer will be different when we are looking at our reality selves, our core selves ~ chances are the answer will have a more spiritual slant to it ~ than it will be in light of how we present ourselves to the world around us. Observing the passionate sides of ourselves may give yet a different answer.
This leads me to believe that we are all multi-faceted human beings that have all the potential we may ever wish for, and have a lot to offer to the world.
The danger in being multi-faceted is ~ and this is where the question “Who are you?” comes in

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.146952
Retrieved Text: My grandmother on my mothers side was Florence Hanscom of Lee Maine. I have my complete line back to Thomas Hanscom of Kittery(1650) and Nathaniel Merrill of Newbury Massachusetts(1638). I am always looking for more information about both families. Ive been to Eliot and would like to find more about where Thomas really came from, where his house was actually located, and where were many of my descendants buried. I know I may never find any of this but I love the challenge. Im a big history fan and during my research have retained alot of knowledge about other Maine families as well so I may be able to help others with their searches.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.140875
Retrieved Text: I'm really doing it. I'm going. I'm doing what any 39 year old single woman should do instead of commit suicide after a failed relationship. I am taking off. It may seem irresponsible, but at least I can travel and do my work on the go.
I just talked to my dad for the first time in months. It's a long story. But for awhile I had know idea where he was. I also had no idea where my sisters were. Now I may take to spend with them and be united with them again. I've been through quite a bit in my life, but I never want to be cut off from my dad and sisters ever again.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.129972
Retrieved Text: Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
May I register for a course after its beginning?
May I attend a lesson without having registered for the particular course?
May I transfer to another course (different time and/or day) at the same level?
If I find that the course I am attending is higher or lower than my level, can I transfer accordingly?
Is the price of coursebooks included in the tuition fees?
Where can I purchase the coursebooks required for my course?
How can I learn more about the content of the course that I am interested in attending (aims, duration, components, etc)?
May I obtain a visa to the European Union when I register for a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Are students coming from abroad offered help in arranging accommodations?
What documents do I need in order to enroll in a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Does the Hellenic American Union offer private lessons of Modern Greek?
Do tuition fees include VAT (Value Added Tax)?
Where exactly is the Hellenic American Union located?
How will I find out where my classroom is?
Can I pay for only the lesson-hours that I attend?
Apart from tuition fees, do I have to pay a registration fee as well?
How can I determine my level?
Is it possible that the course I have registered for will be canceled?
1. Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
Once you complete the course you are attending, you may request

================



======= Instance Index 18151 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I would n't say I was fat but I was chubby . Regardless of the extra weight I was carrying I was feeling much happier than I had been years . The happiness must have shown because a boy named Eugene asked me to come over to his house and hang out . Eugene and I hung out pretty regularly for the next three months until one day I walked out to my car to find a note attached to my windshield wiper .
Question: Who is the note from/
Options: 
- Some kids playing a prank .
 - None of the above choices .
 - A meter reader
 - Eugene

Target Text: Eugene

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.236427
Retrieved Text: Summary: Something hard to endure can become valuable.
Note: For quill_it, 100.3, prompt 13, "sand". This is in the Better Than Revenge universe, but stands alone.
Summary: Harry's asked Draco to meet him.
Note: For quill_it, 100.3, prompt 47, "curious". For aome, who wanted Harry/Draco for this prompt.
Summary: It's been a wonderful honeymoon, and Draco is determined to celebrate it.
Note: For cutecoati, who asked for Harry/Draco, "But why is the rum gone?"
Summary: Harry can't wait tonight.
Note: For emmagrant01, who requested Harry/Draco, "come untouched".
Summary: Harry and Draco each have invitations for Christmas Day.
Note: For sassy_cissa who wanted Harry/Draco and something holiday-ish.
Summary: "He comes to me every week, about half past five on Wednesday, give or take a few minutes."
Note: For quill_it, 100.3, prompt 99, "sordid".
Summary: Harry finds waiting for Draco to show up to the restaurant more enjoyable than he'd anticipated.
Note: For quill_it, 100.3, prompt 1, "wicked".
Summary: Harry's tired of living with the lies.
Note: For quill_it, 100.3, prompt 18, "lies".
Summary: When Harry complains about the heat, Draco has an idea of how to cool him off.
Note: For sassy_cissa, who wanted Harry/Draco, "sweltering".
Summary: Harry and Draco are moving in together.
Note: For karaz, who asked for Harry/Draco, "move".
Summary: Draco works up his nerve to ask Harry out.
Note: For mordyn4 from alisanne, who suggested Harry/Draco, and gave the prompt "four is his lucky number".
Summary: Draco's method of planning a holiday leaves something to be desired.
Note: For mordyn4, who wanted Harry/Draco, prompt "Ghent, boots, ginger".

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.157158
Retrieved Text: Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor Admit Card 2018 Download. Bank Note Press Admit card/Hall Ticket/Call Later can download at www.ibps.sifyitest.com Website. Bank Note Press have released the Hall Ticket for the recruitment of Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor Examination which will be held on Nov/Dec 2018. Applied candidates who are waiting for the admit card of Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor exam can download the hall ticket now. In this page, explains how to download the admit card for Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor examination in step by step process.
The Bank Note Press is scheduled to conduct Safety Officer, Supervisor written exam on Safety Officer, Supervisor. A huge number of candidates who are looking for the jobs applied for the Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor Recruitment. All the candidates who had applied are searching for the Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor admit card as it is the crucial document to carry for the exam and contains details regarding exam venue, roll number etc. Candidates who had applied can Bank Note Press download Safety Officer, Supervisor hall ticket from the direct link provided below. Candidates are required to download Bank Note Press Hall ticket before 7 to 10 days Prior to Exam Date.
2. Click on the ‘Bank Note Press Safety Officer, Supervisor Call Letter 2018’ link.
Bank Note Press is a recruiting body, having the main role of holding recruitment examinations every year. Bank Note Press has announced to download the Hall ticket/ Admit Card for Safety Officer, Supervisor Exam. Bank Note

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.095542
Retrieved Text: What Is Proper to Send to a Family After the Death of a Loved One?
What Is Proper Etiquette for a Thank-You Note on Receiving a Sympathy Card?
A simple note of thanks will do.
When a loved one passes, there is often an outpouring of support and sympathy to the family. Some will send cards, flowers, donations or personal notes of sympathy. According to Emily Post, anyone who sends a personal note of sympathy should receive a thank-you note in return, as well as those who made monetary or physical donations. Those who have sent a signed greeting card or an email of sympathy do not need to receive a personal note of thanks.
The message doesn't need to be long. It should say something like, "Thank you for your kind words during our time of sadness." It's best if the message comes from the person most closely related to the deceased -- the wife in the case of a husband's passing, for example -- or from the person most closely related to the person who sent the original note of sympathy, such as a daughter thanking a college friend who sent condolences upon her mother's death. If the person is overwhelmed and cannot commit to writing all the thank-you notes, someone else close to that person can write the thank-you.
What Is Proper Etiquette for Sympathy Acknowledgements?
McCormick, Maggie. "What Is Proper Etiquette for a Thank-You Note on Receiving a Sympathy Card?" Synonym, https://classroom.synonym.com/proper-etiquette-thankyou-receiving-sympathy-card-9095.html. Accessed 18 April 2019.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.011024
Retrieved Text: Regular, prompt attendance is expected and required by law. It is required that you contact the school by phone or send a note regarding your child's illness or tardiness Students who are out ill for five days or more, must have a note from the doctor to return to school. Students who demonstrate attendance problems may be referred to the District Attendance Review Board. Students who will be absent from school for ten or more days for non-medical reasons need to give at least 30 days notice to the office. These students will be referred to the Independent Study Program.
Please follow one of these procedures in a timely manner.
Send a note with the student.
A Doctor's note is required.
You must be cleared by the Health Office.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.006185
Retrieved Text: Ok, why couldn't Light write the name of Matsuda and then have matsuda kill before he dies? Like "Matsuda will ask a pergunta in private of l and then shoot him" Why wouldn't that work?
Is the english animê lacking in any way, cut, censored?
Where all four death note are gone?
Why don't they sound British?
Are the live action films are like What if filmes ?
how did takada finde mellos name?
Which death note did the task force have?
So it's time to debate, Yagami Light. What do you think of him? Do you think he is evil or good? Do you like him or hate him?
Out of Light, L, Near, Mello, and Matt, who do you like the most and why?
What is your favorito quote from each character (that you can remember, at least)?
Are there any creepy/funny DN screenshots out there? Can ya post one?
Challenge: post the creepiest picture you can find of Light. The winner will receive five props.
What is L's blood type?
Do you think that Light does bad things with a good intention, and l does good things with a bad intention?
Do you think that Near and Mello are different parts of L's personality?
Do you think that everything l says is a lie?
If a person wears colored contact lenses and makeup to make their face appear different can the Shinigami eyes still see their name and lifespan?
Why is Light such a douchebag?
who are in your death note?
So is the American live action still happening?
If you were from Wammy House, what alias name would you have?
What is the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.924994
Retrieved Text: NOTE: The Sporting Regulations provide that if two or more drivers have the same number of points (including 0 points), their positions in the Championship are fixed according to the quality of their places. Under this system one first place is better than any number of second places, one second place is better than any number of third places, and so on. For the World Rally Championships for Drivers and for Co-Drivers, additional points will be awarded according to the classification of the 'Power Stage'.
NOTE: The Sporting Regulations provide that if two or more co-drivers have the same number of points (including 0 points), their positions in the Championship are fixed according to the quality of their places. Under this system one first place is better than any number of second places, one second place is better than any number of third places, and so on. For the World Rally Championships for Drivers and for Co-Drivers, additional points will be awarded according to the classification of the 'Power Stage'.
NOTE: The Sporting Regulations provide that if two or more manufacturers have the same number of points (including 0 points), their positions in the Championship are fixed according to the quality of their places. Under this system one first place is better than any number of second places, one second place is better than any number of third places, and so on.
NOTE: The WRC 2 Champion titles for Teams, Drivers and Co-Drivers will be awarded to the team, driver and co-driver who have scored the highest number of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.886673
Retrieved Text: Note: Select from ENGG1802 or PHYS1001 (for Electrical Major) in Semester 1. If Physics 1 is taken in Semester 1 then 1st Year computing INFO1110 should be taken in Semester 2. ENGG1802 is also available in Summer School.
Note: Students who have not selected a major and wish to take units other than from Biomedical Stream Electives are recommended to take units from Biomedical Specialist Electives.
Note: Students taking AMME2261 in semester 1 as an elective will be prohibited from AMME2200 systems unit in semester 2 as they are mutually exclusive.
Note: Select CHNG2803 Energy and Fluid Systems Practice in Semester 1 (compulsory for Chemical Major; select CHNG2804 here), or from AMME2200 (preferred for Mechanical Major) or ELEC2302 Signals and Systems (compulsory for Electrical, and IT Majors) or MECH2400 Mechanical Design 1 in Semester 2 (compulsory for Mechatronic Major, recommended if no Major selected).
Note: A total of 48 CP should be chosen from the Biomedical Stream Table. A maximum of 12cp can be taken as General Engineering Electives.
Students who have not selected a major and wish to take units other than from Biomedical Stream Electives are recommended to take units from Biomedical Specialist Electives.
Note: A minimum of 12 cp must be taken from Biomedical Specialist Elective Table.
Note: 6 cp of 4th year core control unit must be completed. The unit can be done in either semester.
Note: A minimum of 12 cp must be taken from the Biomedical Specialist Elective Table.
► Select from ASNS2665, EDUF3026, HSBH3009, ITLS6007, PMGT3857 in the General Electives collection in place of a stream elective.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.874381
Retrieved Text: You’ve been on my mind.
I think the Lord wants to remind you that you aren’t alone. And He put it on my heart to guide you through some basic ways to care for the body and mind God gave you, basic things that maybe you’ve forgotten in the hustle. He put it on my heart to offer Daily Bread and Daily Declarations, so you can speak outloud what is true. So, He nudged me to create a Self-Care Kit for you. These are two weeks of simple, no-cost challenges you can do to take better care of yourself.
Imagine someone taking you by the hand and saying, “You are worth this." The Lord loves to care for you. He speaks tenderly to you.” And this Self-Care Kit is just another way to pay attention to that Still Small Loving Voice that sings over you.
Beloved who are widowed, this may become a little love note from the Lord.
Beloved who have suffered miscarriage, this may become a little love note from the Lord.
Beloved who are suffering chronic pain, this may become a little love note from the Lord.
Beloved who doesn’t feel valued, this may become a little love note from the Lord.
Beloved who needs some divine romance, this may become a little love note from the Lord.
You are not alone. And the Lord has not forgotten you. These words were penned long ago to show His love to you.
And if you’re ready to try something new and take better care of yourself, sign up below. The free Self-Care Kit

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.832625
Retrieved Text: - Could it be the final design of the Galaxy Note 8?
- Or did Samsung already accidentally reveal the design?
Want to see what the Galaxy Note 8 looks like?
There are two images we can show you. The first one (above) was posted by Ice Universe, a leakster who has decent track record. It's a render that supposedly shows the front of the Note 8. We can't tell you whether it's the real deal, but it does seem to match up with existing rumours. Now, the second one comes from Samsung itself, which recently posted a teaser of a device that looks like the Note 8.
Samsung launches a new Note each year at IFA in Berlin, so the Note 8 should make its debut in early September. However, some reports have claimed Samsung is looking at 23 August this year. And to keep things even more confusing for you, DigiTimes, which has a so-so record, recently talked to component makers in Taiwan and claimed that September is the earliest Samsung could launch the Note 8.
In other words, nothing is certain at this point. Is the image above really the Samsung Galaxy Note 8? Who knows. Did Samsung accidentally reveal the phone's design? Again, who knows. Will the phone arrive next month or in September? Good question. We don't know. But you can check out Pocket-lint's Note 8 guide for more details about the device, all according to rumours, of course.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.818988
Retrieved Text: replaces stock tf2 minigun with Star Platinum sounds/attacks from Jojo's Bizarre Adventure changes wind up, wind down, idle spin, and shooting sounds.
Swamp Dragon fryingpan - replaces the fryingpan note : used really for friends games.
replaces the fryingpan note : used really for friends games.
prototype buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
Rio blu buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
skyrim dragon buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
frog dispenser - animated dispenser with a frog who knows karate.
animated dispenser with a frog who knows karate.
cute naughty bird dispenser - Animated dispenser. note : used really for friends games.
Animated dispenser. note : used really for friends games.
SOTC buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
wrath of the titans buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
PVZ zombies buff banner - replaces the flag for the buff banner note : used really for friends games.
Ozob - Ozob é o novo demoman ! This is a skin of a character from a brazillian podcasted rpg session.
Ozob é o novo demoman ! This is a skin of a character from a brazillian podcasted rpg session.
Yoshi's New Island Buff & Conch sounds - Replaces Buff & Conch sounds with Yoshi's New

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.813198
Retrieved Text: "The final chapter ends with a sentence, "Born again.""
HE Tool Abnormality in the form of a simple notepad with incomprehensible writing on their pages. Is contained in a tank, floating in the middle when not equipped.
Red Damage to all the other employees in the same room. If the user dies, the Tool is returned to its containment.
The note belonged to a researcher who became mad after conducting various experiments in the corporation. The note contains descriptions of unethical experiments, confessions of guilt and 'gibberish', with a final sentence in the last part: "Born again."
"The old note is full of incomprehensible cursive writing."
"Subjects who equip Note from a Crazed Researcher will benefit from a sharp increase of stats related to temperance."
"It once belonged to a researcher who had gone mad during research. It has only been partially deciphered, where most of it relates to various experiments that were conducted in this place."
"If ordered to a return Note from a Crazed Researcher within 30 seconds after being equipped, the wearer's skin will start to swell and their body will explode within seconds."
"It begins with guilt and confessions of unethical experimentation, but ends with crazy and broken sentences about research."
"If ordered to return Note from a Crazed Researcher without any managerial work, the wearer will explode."
"When the wearer receives a certain amount of HP or SP damage, the wearer will explode, which will cover the entire section. The explosion will deal massive Red damage to anyone nearby."
"An employee’s observation will rise just by equipping this item. But if it

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.783255
Retrieved Text: Unsigned note describing the case of an unnamed female patient who has developed a cough and other hectic symptoms. From Cullen's reply it can be ascertained that this case note was 'communicated' - if not actually written - by Sir William Forbes.
Summary Unsigned note describing the case of an unnamed female patient who has developed a cough and other hectic symptoms. From Cullen's reply it can be ascertained that this case note was 'communicated' - if not actually written - by Sir William Forbes.
Case of an unnamed female patient, aged thirty-eight, who had developed a cough and other potentially hectic symptoms.
and also some yellow ones upon her breast.
very large spot appeared upon her hand.
and sometimes in her stomach.
for whom advise is desired.
that she has not a constant fever -- 29th.
pains in her breast & back are diminished.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.765396
Retrieved Text: How to Apply for Bank Note Press Vacancy 2019?
Bank Note Press Recruitment 2019 – Here is a piece of great content for Bank Job seekers!! In recent, Bank Note Press of Madhya Pradesh Government invites applicants to fill 30 candidates for the post of Supervisors & Workmen Post. The official notification was announced through the official site of SPMCIL Board under the Bank Note Press on this month of March 2019. Well, check out complete details of Bank Note Press Recruitment 2019-20 from the below sections of this page.
The Online Application starts from 31st March 2019 for Supervisors & Workmen Post, while it will get close on 15th April 2019. People who intend to apply for this post can get the online Application Form from the end section of this article. Scroll down this article to find more details about Bank Note Press Dewas 2019-20 Recruitment.
Those who want to get into the SPMCIL Recruitment Board, then here comes the chance. The SPMCIL Board is recruiting candidates under the Supervisors & Workmen Post. Candidates those who are Retired BNP Employees can apply for the vacancy. Make sure you check with the age limit details as they matter too. Here we have attached the Online Application forms and along with the application processing steps. So with the guidance of Isarkariresults.com candidates can apply for the Bank Note Press Dewas Recruitment 2019.
Here are the Educational Qualification details of Bank Note Press Careers 2019-20.
Candidates should be a Retired BNP Employees to be eligible for the Bank Note Press Jobs.
Check out

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.731424
Retrieved Text: It is essential to note that when it comes to the oil, it is a single commodity that you will find lot of people using in almost every household. It is good to note that when it comes to the oil use one of the issues that come from the same is wastage.
You will note that when it comes to the waste oil you will note that the issue of dealing with the same becomes an issue and thus dumping in the places that are not safe will be one of the outcomes. It is essential to note that it is an issue that you will find in most of the places where there is a heavy use for the same.
If you need to know the best example of the two categories of the used oils that are a disaster to the environment is the cooking oil as well as the used motor oil. The release of the used motor and cooking oil to the immediate environment is one of the things that will have a major impact on the same.
You will note that when it comes to the animals as well as the plants it will be a big blow for the same. It is critical to note that it is one of the issues that will need the proper input of the professionals to help in the same process so that to reduce the impact of too much waste.
It is essential to note that the great hope is within the efforts of the oil

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.716592
Retrieved Text: This is an informative section, which allows you to know in a chronological order every modification on the investigation.
Email of the person who has made a change.
Alarm Removed An alarm is removed from the investigation.
Attachment Created A new file is added to the investigation.
Attachment Deleted A file is removed from the investigation.
Event Removed An event is removed from the investigation.
Investigation Created The user has created the investigation.
Investigation Deleted The user has removed the investigation.
Investigation Updated The user has updated the investigation.
New Alarm Linked A new alarm is linked to the investigation.
New Event Linked A new event is added to the investigation.
Note Created A note is created.
Note Deleted A note is deleted.
Note Updated A note is updated.
Date on which the action was made. The displayed date depends on your computer's time zone.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.712181
Retrieved Text: The Bass Clef also contains 5 lines and 4 spaces in it, and each of these lines and spaces has a specific note that is located there. The notes on the 4 spaces are A, C, E, & G. The notes on the 5 lines are G, B, D, F, & A. Say the note names on the Spaces going from the bottom to the top several times. Then do the same thing with the notes on the Lines, again going from the bottom to the top... I am never surprised when I hear about piano students who struggle with bass clef note reading. It’s a common issue that starts very early and, for some students, can continue on for many years.
I am never surprised when I hear about piano students who struggle with bass clef note reading. It’s a common issue that starts very early and, for some students, can continue on for many years. how to read mind using eyes I am never surprised when I hear about piano students who struggle with bass clef note reading. It’s a common issue that starts very early and, for some students, can continue on for many years.
I am never surprised when I hear about piano students who struggle with bass clef note reading. It’s a common issue that starts very early and, for some students, can continue on for many years.
Now that you know what a staff is, how many lines and spaces are in a staff, and what the different clef's are, it's time to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.683534
Retrieved Text: larkburg, whose RLS has made any normal schedule unlikely. It steals sleep and energy and creates long nights of misery (both with the constant need to move and, increasingly, with more intense pain).
ChrisL, who has suffered from RLS for over 50 years and in the last 10 years it has become chronic. Treatments have caused narcolepsy, often falling asleep in front of the computer. It starts almost every evening at about 9pm and can last up to 2 hours and often occurs between 4-5am too.
Take a look around and then post a note telling us what you are doing to manage it now and asking any questions that you have.
Longhill, who has mild to moderate rls and believes it was triggered from using Paxil for many years. She has been off Paxil since October and is taking Requip at night.
Take a look around and then please post a note with any questions that you have.
LadySue76, who is 41 and has had RLS since age 6! Since 2014 when she was diagnosed with cancer (and beaten) it's just gotten worse.
Please take a look around and then post a note telling us about how you are currently managing your RLS and asking any questions that you have.
Kleinkjk36, who lives every day with the fear that plans for the day will evaporate due to lack of sleep. She often spends 10 hours in bed to get 2-3 hours of real sleep and the few occasions when she does sleep are a very precious gift.
This is a situation that we

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.68218
Retrieved Text: Trainer note from Lynne : Allison, It was great to train with you and Ivy. You were both quick learners-keep up the good work!
Trainer note from Colin and June : We just love training German Shepherd pups like Rosie, who has enrolled on our Silver Program. She is a wonderful dog, and kudos to the owners for rescuing her!
Trainer note from Deb : I am so pleased that you are now able to ENJOY Kato and that he is becoming the dog you wanted.
Trainer note from Randy and Kayla : Jenica and her Golden Retriever have been wonderful to work with!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.663038
Retrieved Text: On Monday 8 October, I joined Ron Hooton, CEO of Vision Australia & Lindsay Boulton, Assistant Governor of the Reserve Bank of Australia at Vision Australia headquarters in Melbourne to unveil Australia’s new $50 bank note.
The new note includes tactile features for people who are vision impaired. This is the third bank note with a tactile feature ($5 & $10) and will be officially released into circulation from 18 October.
I was also interviewed by Stephen Jolley, a Vision Australia volunteer for his national weekly radio program, Talking Tech.
The morning was an opportunity too, to celebrate the contribution of David Unaipon & Edith Cowan, who feature on the note!

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.6554575
Retrieved Text: Note: For e, who wanted a picture of the kids and not the tools and crap.
Note 2: Kathy, tools and crap still to come.
Note 3: A little peeved at myself for the DOF here…way too shallow… I wanted the Bug in the background to be quite a bit more defined. But despite the fact that they APPEAR to be cooperating quite nicely here, the truth of the matter is that they in fact, were most definitely NOT.
Note, re. OT post from yesterday: you all crack me up! Trust me, I was running.
if you were a single woman just shy of 6 feet tall and you got “winked” at on an online dating site by a 5’9″ single dad who sells auto parts, professes a deep love for zombie horror stories/movies and is turned on by a woman who can balance a checkbook, what would YOU do?
Note: This is Squeak. He was sitting on the arm of my living room chair with his head in this tiny patch of bright light from the kitchen window. I confess I burned out a bit of the bookshelf in the background on the left side of the frame that was also getting hit with the light, but otherwise, this is pretty much how it looked…. like there was a floating kitty head in the middle of my dark living room. Spooky!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.652943
Retrieved Text: Although the Japanese manga-derived Death Note was met with a disappointing two-star review here at Filmcritic.com, I'm inclined to be a little more generous to its sequel, Death Note: The Last Name, if only because Japanese pop culture is pretty cool in general and the film has plenty of style, if not mind-bending substance.
Both films revolve around the dreaded "Death Note," a thin paper book dropped from the heavens by a demonic "reaper," depicted in the movie as a ten-foot-tall CGI-generated winged monster that looks like a cross between the Joker and Keith Richards. Once you possess the book, you simply write someone's name in it and he dies how and when you describe. The Death Note also comes with a long list of rules and regulations that help to power numerous clever tricks and plot twists.
The first time around, the Death Note fell into the hands of Light Yagami (Tatsuya Fujiwara), an earnest law student who used it at first simply to wipe out all the criminals in Japan and bring an end to crime. The police, including Light's father (Takeshi Kaga) took a dim view of all this murder, however, and tried like crazy to track down the mysterious invisible killer, a task that got harder as Light turned bad and started using the Death Note to kill off the investigators who were looking for him.
This time around, Light is still on his rampage and enjoying delusions of grandeur when a second Death Note drops into the hands of a Britney-like pop star named

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.644561
Retrieved Text: The official Samsung Galaxy Note 9 Android Pie update is weeks away, but brave souls can now download an early version of the update right now.
Samsung is currently testing the Android 9.0 Pie update on several devices behind the scenes. The Galaxy S9 and Galaxy Note 9 Android Pie updates are first in line, but the company will also push Android Pie and its new One UI to the Galaxy Note 8, Galaxy S8, and others.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 9 Android Pie update won’t take part in the beta and the official release won’t come until January. That said, there’s a way to skip the wait and try Android 9.0 Pie and its features right now. All it takes is the right Galaxy Note 9 model, some time, and some patience.
The leaked Galaxy Note 9 Android Pie update is a beta from Samsung. It’s official software, but it’s not the final version of the update. This means that it can, and probably will, cause issues.
If you’re fine with that, here’s how to get the Android 9.0 Pie update with the new One UI up and running on a Galaxy Note 9 right now.
As of right now, the Galaxy Note 9 Android Pie update is limited to Snapdragon models. You must have the Snapdragon 845 model to run this software. If you’ve got an Exynos-powered Galaxy Note 9, you’ll have to wait.
If you don’t know which Galaxy Note 9 model you own, you can use an app like CPU-Z to quickly figure out the model and processor.
Before

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.640071
Retrieved Text: The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is now available in Trinidad and Tobago.
The latest device from Samsung was launched on Thursday morning at Trincity Mall.
The device will be available at all Digicel and Bmobile stores.
"From the beautiful display to the powerful S Pen and best camera in class, the Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is a device designed for those who dream big and want a phone just like them. Therefore, the Galaxy Note * has been custom-made for its consumers, a group united by its love for the device and that has been our inspiration to create a unique, beautiful and powerful smartphone that takes multitasking to another level, offering the freedom and inspiration that is needed to create like never before," said Terry Weech, Sales Manager of Samsung Electronics Latin America.
The Note 8 has a number of features and we spoke to Weech who told us his top three.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.635903
Retrieved Text: Day 1 with consist of a morning and evening segment.
Distance: 32 km | 11 Karkloof to Bushwillow.
*Please note that there will be a 12:00 pm shuttle to take runners from Bushwillow through to 11 Karkloof.
*Please note that there will be a braai dinner at 08:30 pm at 11 Karkloof.
*Please note that there will be a shuttle at Bushwillow to transport runners from Bushwillow through to Benvie. The shuttle will leave Bushwillow at 07:00 am.
This ticket is for those who have already entered and paid in full for the Karkloof100 event. Please note that this ticket does not include accommodation or meals, with the exception of the Saturday night braai.
This ticket is for those who have not entered into the Karkloof100 event. Please note that this ticket does not include accommodation or meals, with the exception of the Saturday night braai.
Karkloof Trail Run Ticket This ticket is for those who have not entered into the Karkloof100 event. Please note that this ticket does not include accommodation or meals, with the exception of the Saturday night braai.
The Karkloof100 is a 100 Mile Endurance Foot Race set to take place from the 20th to 22nd of September 2019 in the Karkloof area of KZN. In preparation for the Karkloof100, this training camp will provide a glimpse of what to expect for the 100 miler, taking runners through the renowned indigenous forests, wetlands and grasslands.
Pre-entries close at MIDDAY on Friday, 19th July. Substitutions can also be made before the event but need to be finalised a week before the event

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.619054
Retrieved Text: mad1949, who realizes some people have it worse, but mad1949's life has definitely been turned upside down. mad1949 is always glad to hear new ideas that work or don't. And forgetting to take Requip results in severe pain & anguish. mad just wants to be normal again!
Don't we all wish for the chance to return to "normal". Please post a note telling us a bit about your RLS, how you are doing and asking any questions that you have.
Oozz, who has had RLS for a bit over two years now.
Please post a note telling us a bit about your situation, what you are doing to manage your RLS and asking any questions that you have.
tmmcwilliams, who has been bothered by RLS for many years, but just had a sleep study to find the cause of my PLM. She is an insomniac, getting maybe 3 hours of sleep a day and functioning (barely) with that. She is happy to find out the cause and is now on the road towards understanding it, trying to find a organic healing and finally getting some sleep. She wants quality sleep and life.
Take a look around and then please post a note telling us what you are doing to manage your RLS and asking any questions that you have.
tlm57, whose RLS has affected sleep, work, family and overall health. When her legs become restless she cannot function and has to stand or pace for hours. She lives in a rural area of upstate NY and medical care is extremely limited. She

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.594638
Retrieved Text: OCR sheet music app for iPad, iPhone, iPod and Android.
I have downloaded music to my device as a file. Do I have to print and photograph it?
You can import it directly into What’s My Note? See instructions in the User Guide.
Can I change that electronic sound What’s My Note? makes when it plays?
Yes. We offer several choices on our Settings page. We do not allow you to import your own sounds.
Can What’s My Note? play parts that are written an octave higher or lower than sung?
Yes. We offer three choices: Play as written, adjust for tenor voice (written an octave higher than sung), and adjust for women’s barbershop bass (written an octave lower than sung).
Can I photograph music from my iPhone and play it on my iPad?
Yes. See our iCloud page.
Can What’s My Note? read Sweet Adelines sheet music?
Sometimes, but not always. A lot of Sweet Adelines music was typeset decades ago, and does not conform to layout standards required by What’s My Note? See our Document Requirements page.
Can What’s My Note? play instrumental parts?
Sometimes, but only by chance. What’s My Note? was designed for choral music. Instrumental parts may use different clefs, or stray into ranges where the voice cannot reach. Some band parts do not even include the clef and key signature after the first line.
Can I change the color of the music displayed by What’s My Note?
For Apple devices only, we offer three colors on our Settings page.
Will What’s My Note? improve my singing?
To the extent that it helps you learn notes, yes.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.594569
Retrieved Text: But the problem is, as you may be aware, sadly, Tom Petty has actually passed away of a drug overdose back in 2017 so the gift was definitely not from him.
What caused the confusion, however, was the fact that the note that came with the flowers quoted lyrics from a song of his titled Walls (Circus).
‘You’ve got a big heart. So big it could crush this town,’ are the lyrics written on the note, so it makes sense that she was touched.
Of course, at this point, no one is sure who was the actual sender of the bouquet and note, but fans have been having a blast on social media, trying to guess.
Some think that maybe they were from Chris Brown, who just promised he’d send her flowers amid his feud with Offset.
On the other hand, others believe that they might have been from her nemesis, Nicki Minaj!
Who do you think was the real sender? What do you think about the mistake Cardi made?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.58567
Retrieved Text: This application note is for Mac users running OS High Sierra (10.13), OS Mojave (10.14), or higher who are performing a first-time installation of MP36R, MP36, or MP35 hardware drivers for AcqKnowledge or Biopac Student Lab software. Administrator privileges are required in order to apply the solutions detailed in this note.
NOTE: This document does not apply to users of any previous Mac OS, nor to users with existing MP3x drivers who have upgraded to OS 10.13 from a previous OS.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.585574
Retrieved Text: will a GOOD nagarmotha have a petrol note?
Thread: will a GOOD nagarmotha have a petrol note?
Still, my nagarmotha has, only what I can describe, a "petrol," type note to it.
Is this petrol-note common to nagarmotha, or do you suspect something happened in the distillation process? An off-note?
Re: will a GOOD nagarmotha have a petrol note?
My nagarmotha (from Hermitage) has no such note; it's deep, leathery and very sweet, although I have noticed this is very common in heavier rooty and woody oils that have been refined, such as Clearwood, Cedar Heart and some santalols. The nagarmotha sample I got from Eden was lovely, though, no hint of petrol, although that was a couple of years ago.
My nagarmotha Eo smell like church. Very feminine and dirty aroma like woman bad breath above woody benches. And sweaty woman feet after out from boots in frosty winter day. Very interesting and rich aroma, top note is more sharp vetiveryl acetate and carrot and nutmeg like. Good blend with flowery notes from cool church like breathy aspect. Sisley Soir'd Orient is good example of cypriol based perfume. Woody part ylang ylang is slighty similar especially in Gucci Bamboo ylang and indole smell very breathy, cooling halitosis like similar to church aura of cypriol.
Who is familiar with Nagarmotha Oil from cgherbals.com ??
I'm loving the note "Saffron"...Any good niche scents with this fantastic note ?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.583456
Retrieved Text: Occasionally you may want to change or add to a note. However a note can only be changed by the person who wrote the note.
Select the person that needs a note to be changed and click on edit.
Add your changes and save.
Your note is now changed!
Note: Remember a note can only be edited by the person who wrote the note so if the edit button is not visible you will need to contact the person who wrote the note, in this example Mr Robert Smith and ask him to edit the note or add another note.

================



======= Instance Index 5226 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: No regeneration needed except an occasional ride closed for maintenance . The people come of their own volition , spend lots of money , and go away happy . In my family 's case , we were ready to be done after one day .
Question: Where might we be ?
Options: 
- At a grocery store .
 - At a fair .
 - At a circus .
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: At a fair .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.261231
Retrieved Text: Some of the Apache story is outside our walls. It is very exciting when employees take our Apache spirit one step further out into their communities. Volunteerism helps our communities to grow and helps to build a place where we are happy to live and work.
If you are a volunteer for an official 501 (c) (3) organization in Dodge County or where you live, let us know how we can help and we would like to share that story, too!
You might be on a board or a committee, you might be a firefighter or you might be a champion of a community event. We encourage employee-owners to share your role with the rest of the company. Your involvement might spark something to promote employee engagement to build relationships in the community and awareness of civic duty and volunteerism.
For volunteer opportunities, check out Volunteer Dodge!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.232863
Retrieved Text: Where, oh where, should we park our coach? Part of our planning includes places we would like to visit and some nice places to park the coach while we are visiting.
This is by no means a comprehensive list. Where me might want to park our coach is likely different from where you might like to park your coach. I lean on many others, wiser and more experienced than me, to give me ideas. And the list gets updated as we do our travel planning. We have yet to find the perfect park although we have stayed at some truly awesome places.
I’ve marked those places that we have stayed/visited with a basic rating: won’t be back, okay, good enough, more than good enough, awesome.
Perhaps this list might give you some ideas if you are looking for that perfect place to park your coach. And if you have found some gems, do let me know. Especially if you find some in Canada.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.230006
Retrieved Text: Read about Alien Safari series where scientists discussed different types of planets where we might find alien life including topics as theory of Multiverse, Aliens, Predator, Life, Slime Worlds, extrasolar planets, dark energy, Technology Worlds, robotic exploration, intelligent life in our solar system also known as extraterrestrial intelligence and Exploration and more.
At the most recent NASA Astrobiology Science Conference, a panel of scientists discussed different types of planets where we might find alien life. In the final segment of this series, the panelists express their hopes about discovering evidence for aliens in our galaxy.
At the most recent NASA Astrobiology Science Conference, a panel of scientists discussed different types of planets where we might find alien life. In part six of this series, the panelists answer audience questions about the origin and evolution of life elsewhere.
At the most recent NASA Astrobiology Science Conference, a panel of scientists talked about planets where alien life might be found. In the third segment of this series, Jill Tarter describes different kinds of Technology Worlds.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.1939945
Retrieved Text: I suppose what makes society work is the differences of the yearned after freedom. If we all wanted the tropical island, then there would never be the space. Our cities wouldn’t function, and it could mean zero growth to our infrastructure. Although, I don’t think anyone would say no to the island or nature side of things. That might not be your ‘forever freedom’.
So is freedom about balance?
Could it actually be that we create our own jail? We are so busy comparing, so busy checking out the ‘green grass on the other side’ that we find it difficult to focus on what might make our grass greener. Maybe grass is not even what you really want, but you thought it was expected.
I’m still trying to figure out what my own freedom looks like exactly, so I’m not able to share what the solution might be. Except to say that maybe the only way to nourish our ‘grass’ is to really focus on ourselves, think of where we are in life, and not be afraid to feel exactly where that might be. So if it means that it no longer feels right? Change it.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.178878
Retrieved Text: “Seeing Caroline was a last ditch attempt to seek assistance with a dark & scary place that me and my partner were in. We went separate ways largely due to not being able to hear each other.
Move from conflict and arguments to feeling connected and able to resolve things?
Stop being stuck or going round in circles, to being able to move forwards?
Rediscover the love you seem to have lost?
Stop feeling trapped or lost and be more yourselves within the relationship?
Or separate and move on?
Would you like to come and find out where it’s going? It’s normal to hit a stage in a relationship where we feel it might be over, however it can just be that we don’t know how to move onto the next stage, rather than the end of the relationship itself. It’s worth finding out which, as it’s already painful and tiring here.
Give your family a chance by exploring your conflict and see if you can learn to resolve things and reconnect.
Why not choose to come and find out what is happening in your relationship and dare to explore what change might mean.
Come and explore what you are holding onto and what stops you letting go. Understanding how we ended up so far from our vision of a relationship helps us move on.
Come and make sense of what has happened and see what that means for your relationship. Sometimes we can need a third party and a safe environment to have difficult conversations.
Come and talk openly about the challenges of step-family life and

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.126831
Retrieved Text: My name is Natta. Welcome to LoftFullOfGoodies, where I doodle stitch on colorful wool felt.
LoftFullOfGoodies was started in a small corner in our “Loft” in Ireland. With great support and encouragement from my husband, this shop has allowed me to be one very happy stay-at-home mom & teacher to my son, while enjoying and sharing my passion for creativity.
It also allows me to work from home, where ever home might be. My husband’s career means that we move regularly, and since my shop can be packed up and brought with us, it is perfect! Right now we are in Thailand, but in the future we might be in South Korea, Japan, China, or back in Ireland which is where we have our home.
Check out LoftFullOfGoodies for more gorgeous felt handmade goodness.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.061012
Retrieved Text: We may need to determine: What restrictions might there be on the water we are paddling on? Is this a managed or supervised beach? How would we find this information? How can we reduce our impact on the environment and animals around us? What are the potential dangers in the area we are paddling? How many access points are there in the area we are paddling? Do we have an escape plan? How might the coastline profile, swell and conditions affect our decisions on where to launch and paddle?
from a tow? What are the dangers with towing?
Every sea kayak trip is an opportunity for learning and improving. We can create a positive impact on our future experiences by performing a good post- trip assessment.
Watching what others do: It might be useful to spend some time watching any other paddlers. Where are they positioning themselves when moving around rocks and obstacles? Do they seem to be paddling more effectively than we were? Can we see why?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.051199
Retrieved Text: Counselling is a confidential process where two people meet at the same time and venue each week to discuss the client's 'world'. There are times in all of our lives when we need extra support or we feel things are overwhelming but alas we don't know where to turn or attempt to soldier on. I hope to offer a space to make sense of your experience. I believe counselling should be an empowering experience although make no mistake it can be a bumpy and difficult process.
Or the issues might be much broader, for example, continually making bad decisions or feeling like you're drifting through life with no focus. It might be that you just feel dissatisfied. Whatever the reason a lot of people often feel reluctant to ask for help. I think it takes courage to access counselling and in my experience many people are surprised at how rewarding and beneficial it can be.
The first meeting is important and I appreciate you might be nervous. But at the end of the day I'm only human and I have your interests at heart! Your fear might be an apprehension about opening up and putting yourself under the microscope. At this meeting we can discuss the contract for ongoing work and any concerns you have.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.039531
Retrieved Text: The Theft Act 1968 covers these offences and others, for example, going equipped to steal, handling stolen goods, taking a conveyance without consent, or allowing yourself to be carried. This is another complex area of the law, with specific legal meanings, and we can give you thorough, professional advice as to where you may have a legal defence.
You might have come into possession of someone else’s property quite legitimately. You may have assumed property to be abandoned. In the case of handling stolen goods, you might have had concerns about receiving property, but no further information or knowledge. If you drive a car which doesn’t belong to you, it may not constitute a criminal offence. The same applies where you accept a lift from someone who has stolen a car. You might be accused of an offence of robbery (or other type of offence) where you were present but didn’t get involved. It may seem very unfair. This is sometimes referred to as ‘joint enterprise’; a complicated legal concept which we can help you to understand.
Many of these allegations involve the use of forensic evidence by the police. We can help you to challenge such evidence, where you think mistakes have been made, or where there is a lawful reason for you being linked to a crime scene. We regularly use experts in forensic science to test the quality of that evidence.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.9967
Retrieved Text: You might be wondering where I have been (or you might not have!) I have been in the hospital since Tuesday, November 30th. I only started eating “solid food” yesterday. I might be going home tomorrow – but I am not sure.
Just wanted to let you all know where I have been!
I’ve missed your posts! I hope they have figured out what is wrong and that you are on your way to recovery!
Feel better Heather! We miss you!!!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.963383
Retrieved Text: We have 5 games, 2 we should be favored in, 2 they should be favored in and 1 toss up. I think now if we can go 4-1 go into the tourney as a 5 or 6 seed and the hard part, go 2-1 or better, we might just be on the bubble! Otherwise NIT barring a meltdown, which I know isn't where we want to be but a few weeks ago wasn't even going to happen.
: Great as always! : So... : We have 5 games, 2 we should be favored in, 2 they should be favored in and 1 toss up. I think now if we can go 4-1 go into the tourney as a 5 or 6 seed and the hard part, go 2-1 or better, we might just be on the bubble! Otherwise NIT barring a meltdown, which I know isn't where we want to be but a few weeks ago wasn't even going to happen.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.932106
Retrieved Text: The holidays can present many fun-filled, fulfilling experiences. However, it can be a challenge to get to the places you want to because of traffic. There is a solution to your traffic woes. You should consider our Baltimore limo service. We can get you where you need to go. Leave the driving to us.
We might not be able to control the traffic, but we can lessen the stress associated with driving in it. While we drive, you can get things done, like email, text, and phone calls. There are different reasons you might need a limo service in Maryland. Here are a few suggestions.
Airport – if you need to get to the airport, whether for business or pleasure, you should consider a limo. Our chauffeurs can get you to the airport on time. With our professionals driving the car, you can get some last-minute things done without having to worry about driving.
Shopping – When you go out shopping for the holidays, you want to enjoy yourself and not have to worry about where to park or how to get to the stores you want to get to. Our chauffeurs can drop you off at the front door and be there to pick you up when you are done. This takes all the stress out of the transportation and lets you enjoy yourself. Additionally, if you know what you are looking for but not sure where to find it, we might be able to help you. This might be especially helpful if you are from out of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.915157
Retrieved Text: Most of us have held onto things because wethink we might need them one day. Perhaps someone gave us the things when they decluttered or downsized. Or it could be we saw the items on sale and thought we might use them one day. The result can be a house with lots of clutter that we might never need and never use.
It's useful to have an extra in case I can't find the original one.
The one I have might get broken or wear out.
I might take up a hobby one day and use it then or I might go back to doing that hobby I did ten years ago.
I'll keep it in case someone I know ever needs one.
Yes, sometimes it is useful to have extras. Things like scissors, torches and pens seem to grow legs and wander off from the place they are supposed to be. This is especially the case if more than one person lives in the house. With this type of item, having several could be sensible.
I have found it useful to have a drawer where I keep all the odds and ends for house repairs and emergencies. This is where I keep screwdrivers, pliers, masking tape, wide cellotape, blu-tack, hammer, long candles and the like.
A drawer, container or box for storing other 'like' items can help to keep track of things to deal with the problem of not knowing where the original is. It can be difficult to train others to return things to where they belong but you can try.
Okay,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.905905
Retrieved Text: Good Morning, Everyone! Today is Day 14 of the Gratitude Challenge! Check out today’s Gratitude Challenge video HERE.
Gratitude is easy when we get our way. But then at times when we hit a roadblock in life, gratitude goes out the window. At times like this, it helps me to remember that I might not be where I want to be, but I can be thankful that I am not where I used to be. Whatever you might be facing today, can you trust God with the outcome? Please share in the comments if anything in today’s reading or video hit home with you!

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.898787
Retrieved Text: We work with single parents, and other families, across Dundee and can arrange to see you where it suits you best, including your own home. We have community hubs in the St Mary’s, Whitfield and Fintry areas of the city where you can come along, have a cuppa, join in activities or meet with workers. We are open Monday to Friday 9.00am to 4.00pm, but have an answering machine to take your calls out with these times. This means you can leave a message so we can call you back.
The types of support we can offer to parents can be things like helping you with your children’s behaviour, their routines and how to help them grow and develop in the best possible way. We can also give you information about activities you or your children might like and even go along with you at the start. Other things that might be worrying you could be about where you are living, money issues and things affecting you or your children’s health, education and general well being. We can help with these to.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.895813
Retrieved Text: I am trying to find out where there might be old warehouses, farm outhouses or salvage yards(you know they kind of thing) where I might be able to do some picking like you see on TV programmes? Reclamation and Architectural Yards are all well and good, but I am trying to find the places where they get their stuff!
Has anyone got any ideas? I don't mind travelling anywhere, if it's worth a trip!
where are you located can you contact david he can help you find one. davidcharless@gmail.com. that will help you, if you want more information i am open to any questions so feel free to ask me anything anytime i will help you.
Hey Louisa, thanks very much for replying.
I am based in the Carlow area, but I am happy to travel around. We are trying to set up a business, and we want to add picking to what we do, so we are looking at finding places that we can plunder!

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.881551
Retrieved Text: I'll be leading a Blue Christmas service for the first time in my new setting this coming Sunday evening. I wrote this prayer in December 2005 for the first time I'd ever offered one, and have used it most years since. If you are one experiencing something other than joy or peace during this season, maybe this could be your prayer.
Around us, O God, the singing can be heard: ‘Joy to the world…let heaven and nature sing.’ This season is to be one of hope eases our minds, when peace soothes our hearts, when love warms our souls, and when joy comes each morning.
But there are many who do not feel this joy. Some might try, others have given up trying. ‘Where is this joy for us?’ they ask. The world has found joy but some feel as if it has passed them by. Our minds are not at ease…we feel too much doubt. Our hearts are not at peace…there is too much to do. Our souls are not warmed…the chill of death is too troubling. Where, O God, can joy be found? We ask this as we come before you in prayer, opening ourselves to the possibility that hope, peace, joy, and love might still come to us.
We pray for the lonely, that they might find comfort in another’s touch.
We pray for the downtrodden, that they might find relief from their burdens.
We pray for those wrestling with depression, that a light of calm might bring them peace.
We pray for those dealing with stress, that they

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.878855
Retrieved Text: The experience of the inner world, then, can be explored in this way – sensing, with simple awareness, the elements of your inner reality, shifting between images and the energy behind them whenever you choose.
One benefit to knowing how to sense energy is to enhance your ability to perceive the true nature of things, including sides of yourself. For instance, a side might try to coax you into taking a path you’re unsure of, but their stalwart nature and sense of faith in you might move you to further explore the viability of that path. Or, underneath, you might sense a torrent of pain and anger, and a desperation to control you and the situation you’re finding yourself in. In this case, you might switch tracks from considering their recommendation to wondering why they’re in pain in the first place. You could then potentially focus on letting that part heal, rather than taking advice that’s coming from a sense of reality potentially distorted and twisted by a desire to escape pain.
Or, in the example of the green landscape, let’s say underneath these serene landscape you sense – not those pleasant things I mentioned – but pain. Pain and anger at not being in a place of tranquility or cheerfulness, anger at not being able to be freely curious and simple. Anger, perhaps, at all that’s going wrong in your life, or anger at the inner landscape you’re naturally in. The way we perceive the inner environment can sometimes be a reflection of desire, rather than something

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.870786
Retrieved Text: What do this building and a household appliance have in common? More than meets the eye at first glance. And depending on the perspective. Some might describe the building as home, a hotel, an iconic landmark and even a skyscraper. And they’d all be right, even though their perspectives might be different.
From different angles, we see different things. One person might see a simple building in a sea of tall buildings. Another person might see a fascinating piece of architecture, and another, a right triangle. That’s because the building in the photo is the famous Flatiron building of New York built in 1902. The Flatiron Building got it’s name from it’s resemblance to a cast-iron clothes iron.
Perspective is a view of something from our particular standpoint. Multiple people can look at the same thing and have extremely different perspectives, and yet still be right. It’s also possible to be wrong in our perspective as well. From a distance, the edge of the building might look like the bow of a cruise ship. That conclusion would be incorrect. But the point to remember is that a different view is not automatically an incorrect one.
Differing viewpoints actually enrich us as another person might be able to see something we cannot. Being able to see things from other perspectives expands our understanding of the world we live in.
The mission of Jenafire.com is to be a place where we share and exchange our ideas and perspectives. It’s very important that we understand that our own perspective is simply that… and

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.870385
Retrieved Text: If you are looking to get connected - Starting Point is where it's at!
For first time guests, we have a table located right outside of the venue where some folks will be hanging out to give you a gift and answer any questions you might have!
We want it to be as easy as possible for you to take the next step towards Christ! Each Sunday we will have church leaders available at the Prayer Banner (in the living room area right outside of the venue) to pray with you, talk to you about taking your next step in your faith journey, or answer any questions you might have.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.8508005
Retrieved Text: At the site they instruct you to put either the File Number, or Registered Mail Code for your application. We never did figure out where a file number might be located, but we did have a receipt from the Post Office when we turned our application in.
At the top there were two numbers. One labeled Password and the other User ID. No additional clues on the receipt about where one might use these items. BUT!! I tried the Password in the Poliza input field and bingo, it told me my Permesso was in process.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.834151
Retrieved Text: In this tutorial we are going to see how to test the continuity in the breadboard circuit using multimeter. Some times it may happen that your circuit is not working. In that case, there might be chances that the breadboard connections are not proper. That means there might be areas in the breadboard where there might be chances of loose connections. Its hard to find those errors. We are going to tell you about how to use a multimeter to troubleshoot the problems and find the errors.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.833451
Retrieved Text: Mia Sage: Where Does the Time Go?
Someone reminded me this week that it was exactly 9 years ago that I attended my first event with Sage University. I was assisting in the kid camp in the Sage Theater on Times Square. Martin invited me to sit in on a course, and that was the beginning of a very exciting life and career.
One of the most important questions we can ask ourselves is “Where will I be 5 years from now—or 10 years from now?” We know that we will be older. But where will we be living? How will we earn our living? Will we be alone? Will we be happy?
Words can’t answer those questions. What happens tomorrow depends on choices we make and actions we take today. Life is meant to be an exciting adventure. Finding your adventure means taking risks. If you love, you might get hurt. If you choose to go beyond your beliefs and escape your culture you might lose a lot of familiar friends. You might look bad in the eyes of others. I made those kinds of choices, and I am so glad that I did. Now I choose to press on toward my own kind of success.
Here is an interesting game. Make a list of everything and everyone that holds you. List the people, events, belongings, feelings, agreements, and habits that keep you on the hamster wheel.
Then list all the things you want. Describe the friendships, toys, travel, equipment, experiences, clothes, and adventures. Then notice which of the attachments

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.830988
Retrieved Text: Each of us develops our own approach to managing conflict.
This would be called our personal conflict management style.
It's how we deal with negotiations.
more from dealing with conflicts that arise.
that can be a strength because we have experience with it.
don't use the appropriate conflict management style for the situation.
There's no best way to deal with conflict.
This really is the art part of being an effective leader.
we can put these on an assertiveness versus cooperativeness scale.
Let's start with the avoiding conflict style.
the parties to the conflict may just choose to not engage.
the active participation of either party, and that would be the avoiding style.
of the lose-lose solution to resolving the conflict.
As we move up the assertiveness scale we come to the forcing style.
a decision on others around him to resolve the conflict.
the connections to communication, and to power and influence.
This would be a closed communication style.
And would be probably a retribution style of power and influence.
In the Steven Covey language, this would be the win-lose solution.
this would be low assertiveness, high cooperativeness.
This literally is giving into a decision maker in resolving the conflict.
This, in the Steven Covey language, would be the lose-win solution.
gets something out of it, but not fully satisfied.
In this particular context, I like to call this, the half win, half win solution.
are intensely interested in coming up with a solution that's acceptable to both.
In the Steven Covey language this would be the win-win solution.
the appropriate conflict management style for the situation.
is it important, is it not?
a style based on preserving the relationship between the parties.
then

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.82734
Retrieved Text: We're always looking for additional new and historic photos. If you have any you think we might be interested in posting, please email them to us via our "Connect" page. Or we can send you an address where they can be mailed. The same goes for any current or historical info that might be of interest.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.82613
Retrieved Text: Change often requires making different decisions, but usually the options available to us make different decision are limited. Sometimes they are limited because we don’t know how to change, sometimes we or others don’t want to change, other times we’d be breaking norms or laws. This How-shop will explore how these factors—values, rules and knowledge—shape decisions, where in they come from, how they interact, how they might evolve, and how you might be able to actively influence them to enable change. In this How-shop we will work with changes that you are interested in, diagnosing the way values, rules and knowledge (vrk) might restrict or enable those changes, whose vrk might prevail in decision making, how the vrk interact with each other, and how you might be able to work strategically to help evolve the vrk to enable change.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.820192
Retrieved Text: Here I sit, a few days after having returned from our Camino adventure. As you may or may not have gathered from our blog posts, our days were very full and there was a lot that we all experienced every day. The Camino is a place where the connection between all beings is palpable, where people walk with open minds and hearts, and transformation happens - either like a spark of insight or a slow realization that might take several days or weeks to set in.
The question before us all now is, how do we move forward with what we have learned. Many of us have returned transformed to friends, family members, co workers who have not had the benefit of having done this work. Our light or our insights might feel threatening to them, and we might be tempted to be pulled back into the patterns that we might have built up that make us small. It takes courage to not tighten back into whatever box we had grown comfortable in.
The truth is, as we said while walking, there is no turning back. Even if you try, there will always be the spark, the insight, the gift of learning about some truth or another, the healing. So, how do we integrate? How do we let our loved ones know that while we have transformed, this does not mean that we love them less? In fact, the love in our hearts has possibly grown. How do we break away from the people, things and patterns that

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.817664
Retrieved Text: We want to help you figure out why you are snoring and what you can do to make it stop. The real key is figuring out why. You might snore because you have congested nostrils. It might be happening because your tongue covers your airway. It could also be because you become dehydrated at night. Each of these problems has a very specific solution. One of the main reasons people cant fix their issues is because they are attempting to treat it with a device made to treat something else.
There are even situations where surgery is the only way to fix it. For this reason its important to work with your primary care doctor as well as a pulmonologist. They might be able to have you undergo something called a sleep study. This is where you go to an office that resembles a bed room and have you sleep there with many different sensors connected to your body. These will measure you oxygen, brain activity eye movement and more.
From here they will have a better idea what is actually happening at night while you sleep. Here is a cool video we found that might help illustrate this test a bit more.
Many times people suffer from something called sleep apena. This is where breathing is interrupted while you sleep which can be super dangerous. To fix this they have people use something called a cpap machine. This pressurizes your air way while you breath so it wont collapse.
As we mentioned before, other times you might need surgery

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.8052225
Retrieved Text: As we look around during this time of year – especially when the rains finally subside – we get to see the new life that emerges from the ground after the winter season. Plants, animals, and flowers come up from their time away. Their sounds fill the air; their smells waft through the air; and people walk around with a little more bounce in their step as we move from a cold season to a warmer one that is rich with life!
Of course, that new and renewed life is at work in our community as well! Our 100 Days of Prayer groups have begun, and they and others are in constant prayer for not only one another, but for God’s presence and direction within our community of faith here at Redeemer. We again get to see where God is leading us as a faithful community.
I couldn’t think of a better way to describe the Holy Spirit’s action in our life. Sometimes we don’t know where we are going or where God might be leading us. We even might be a little skeptical about the direction God is taking as we are led and called to serve those around us. But, it is and can be exciting to be on that trip.
The wonderful thing is, we are never alone in that journey. Yes, God is indeed there with us, Jesus is there supporting us, and the Holy Spirit is guiding (pushing?) us along the way. But, we also know that we are surrounded by this community of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.777925
Retrieved Text: On this page you will be able to find all the Name someplace where you might see sophisticated people answers.This is part of the Family Feud Archive which we are constantly trying to expand by adding every single day new Family Feud Questions and Answers. In case something is wrong or missing kindly let us know and we will change it as soon as we can.
Already solved Name someplace where you might see sophisticated people and are looking to go back? You can go to our homepage and find more Family Feud Questions and Answers.

================



======= Instance Index 20892 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I was grumpy for having woken up an hour earlier than I needed to , but ended up getting free coffee out of the deal so all was well . In order to see why my experiments have n't been going well , we did the same set up . I put together my mix and then he came over to use my chemicals to make a mix , to see whether it was just me or my chemicals that were screwing things up . Turns out , I was using the wrong magnesium chloride .
Question: What do we do ?
Options: 
- We are chemical sellers .
 - We are scientists .
 - None of the above choices .
 - We are coffee sellers .

Target Text: We are scientists .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.271114
Retrieved Text: Why Do We Sweat At Night? And How To Stop Night Sweats?
What is it, why do we need it and how do we do it.
What do we do? How do we do it? Why do we do it?
SEO - How does it work, Why is it important, and why do we have to do it?
Why is it important to diagnose chorionicity and how do we do it?
Why Do We Do Enterprise Architecture? What is it? How Do We Do It?
Motivation Why we do what we doand how we feel about it.
Library Automation -Why should we do it -How should we do it.
Business Continuity Planning What is it? Why do we do it? How do we do it?
Why do we need it? How can we measure it? When do we achieve it?
Smoking. Why do we start? why don't we stop?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.260239
Retrieved Text: This song is by a-ha and appears on the album Lifelines (2002).
What do you see? What do you know? One sign, what do I do?
What if it hurts? What then? What do we do? What do you say?
What do you see? Where do we go? One sign, how do we grow?
What if we do? What now? What do you say? How do I know?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.176533
Retrieved Text: Why Do We Need To Do Link Building?
CMMS For Your Community - mi-wea.org For Your For Your Community Do we need CMMS, and if so, WHAT DO WE REALLY NEED?
What do we need for our city?We need an apartment building so people have a place to live. Do you want a school? How about a forest? We need a supermarket.
Building a Community Ministry with Impact How do we start?
Do We Really Need a New B-theory of Time?
S-R compatibility effects: Do we need a new theory?
Building Your Curriculum: the building blocks What do we need to focus on?
Cataloguing and retroconversion: what do we need to know as a community ?
Community College Libraries: How far do we need to go?
Do We Need a Forum for Research Philosophy?
A Reference Frame for PBO: What do we Have; What do we Need?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.11519
Retrieved Text: What does it mean to “serve other gods” (v2)? Or, “foreign gods” (23)? Who or what do we think of when we think of “other” or “foreign” gods? Where do these ideas of “other gods” come from? [More personal:] Are “other gods” ever a problem today? Why, or why not? What do we mean by “other gods” in this context? Do they seem to be a problem more for other people, or for us, personally? Why? What do we do about this? Why?
What does it mean to “serve”? What are a couple of concrete examples of “service.” [e.g., I think of waiting tables, or answering a computer IT line …] So, what does it mean to us to “serve God”? Again, can we think of a couple of concrete examples of “serving God”? What makes those examples of serving God, do we think? How are those related to other kinds of service?
In v24, the “people” say they will listen to God’s voice. What do we think they mean? What do we think it means today to “listen to God’s voice”? Why? When/if we listen to God’s voice, what do we hear? What makes listening to God’s voice clearer, or less clear? What makes listening to God’s voice easier, or more difficult? Why is that, do we think?
In v24, the NRSV translates “to his voice we will listen” as “him we will obey.” Does this feel like the same thing to us, or like two different things? Why is that, do we think? If they are different,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.115001
Retrieved Text: Jahresring #65: What do we know? What do we have? What do we miss? What do we love?
What do we know? What do we have? What do we miss? What do we love? includes critical texts by Fabrizio Gallanti, Bruce Mau, Alexandra McIntosh, Chantal Pontbriand, Nicolaus Schafhausen and Monika Szewczyk; conversations between Zita Cobb and Liam Gillick; Brigitte Oetker, Helke Bayrle and Thomas Bayrle; Silke Otto-Knapp and Janice Kerbel; Willem de Rooij and Kitty Scott; Todd Saunders and Roger Bundschuh ; and is lavishly illustrated with an array of color photography, installation views, and images of artist’s works.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.0828
Retrieved Text: Nelson Attwood 14 April 2019	 19:57	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 24 March 2019	 47:02	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 17 March 2019	 48:04	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 10 March 2019	 00:00	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 03 March 2019	 54:09	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 24 February 2019	 52:10	 What Do We Believe?
Nelson Attwood 17 February 2019	 40:56	 What Do We Believe?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.077866
Retrieved Text: Fate, destiny,serendipity, whatever you choose to call it, do you believe in it? Do you believe that a cosmic force bigger than we can all imagine controls what happens to us? How much control do we really have over our own destiny? We can control what we do But we cant control what others do. What do you think?
i think we can't control what others do, sometimes we also can't control what we do. Sometime our decisions are not from our own wills. Many things affect what kind of life we want and what kind of person we want to be. Fate or destiny, I suppose, is really exist. But ordinary people can't organize it. To me I think I can't know it. So I ignore it and continue to do what I'm doing. The fate will come out by itself.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.077286
Retrieved Text: coromandel preachings: Whom do you seek and What do you bring?
and today we think about the Wise Men.
but strangers from far away.
but the very reality of the universal God.
and we don't really know what they made of it all.
Do we recognise it when we see it?
And What do we make of it.
What do you want God to do and be for you?
Do we miss God in our midst?
Where do I feel most alive?
What fills me with deepest thanks?
What do we make of it.
with openness to the Holy Spirit.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.075771
Retrieved Text: WE ASKED: What environmental issue are you most concerned about, and why?
WE ASKED: How do you use aromatherapy and essential oils in your massage practice?
WE ASKED: What heating or cooling tools do you use in massage sessions?
WE ASKED: What massage techniques do you most want to learn, and why?
WE ASKED: What does the term medical massage mean to you?
WE ASKED: How do you maintain a positive outlook?
WE ASKED: What products do you sell to your massage clients?
WE ASKED: What are some fun or innovative marketing strategies that have been successful for your practice?
WE ASKED: What advice can you give about using social networking (Facebook, Twitter and such) to help build a massage practice?
WE ASKED: What "green," or environmentally friendly, practices have you implemented in your massage practice and home?
WE ASKED: How has your knowledge of massage research informed or improved your session outcomes?
WE ASKED: How have your clients' knowledge and expectations of massage changed over the years?
WE ASKED: What continuing education classes have contributed most to your massage practice?
WE ASKED: What do you like most about being a massage therapist?
WE ASKED: What activities or habits do you practice for your own stress reduction?
WE ASKED: Do you routinely include abdominal massage in each session? Why, or why not?
WE ASKED: What types of products do you offer as retail items to your clients, and what advice can you share about retailing?
WE ASKED: Do you use aromatherapy and essential oils in your practice? If so, how?
WE ASKED: What changes or challenges have you seen your clients experience as they

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.074443
Retrieved Text: 1.2 How is this different from all the other approaches we\’ve seen over the years? Why is this not just the latest fad?
1.6 Where do we start in a (state, county, city or community) that wants to do this? Where do we start in one that doesn\’t want to do this?
1.11 How do we do this if the levels above us (e.g. federal, state, county, city) don\’t care and won\’t help?
2.2 What is the difference between population well-being (population accountability) and client well-being (performance accountability) and why is this important?
2.3 How do we get people to understand the difference between indicators and performance measures?
2.6 How do we identify results in terms of everyday experience?
2.9 What do we do if we don\’t have any good data at all?
2.11 How do we create a baseline (trend line) for an indicator?
2.14 How do we finance a results-based plan?
2.15 OK, so what\’s the link to the budget?
2.16 How do we create a Family and children\’s Budget (an Elder\’s Budget, An Environmental Budget) and what do we do with it?
2.21 How do we report on progress?
3.1 What are the basic ideas behind performance accountability?
3.6 Where do we start in an organization that doesn\’t want to do this?
3.7 How do we help people identify performance measures for their program or service?
3.9 What is the difference between the 4 Quadrant performance measures and logic model performance measures?
3.10 How do we identify performance measures for administrative functions like personnel, budgeting, etc.?
3.11 What are some examples of performance measures we can use for my program

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.065739
Retrieved Text: The continual service improvement approach sets out a sequence of steps to follow when instigating and implementing improvements. Which of these represents the correct sequence for the CSI approach?
What is the vision? Where are we now? Where do we want to be? How do we get there? Did we get there? How do we keep the momentum going?
Where are we now? What is the vision? Where do we want to be? How do we get there? Did we get there? How do we keep the momentum going?
What is the vision? Where are we now? Where do we want to be? How do we keep the momentum going? How do we get there? Did we get there?
Where are we now? Where do we want to be? What is the vision? How do we get there? Did we get there? How do we keep the momentum going?
Measurement is a key part of the CSI lifecycle stage. Processes will be measured by key performance indicators; to what do KPIs relate?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.064212
Retrieved Text: Meeting someone new is exciting! The thrill of a new romance can sweep you up into a fantasy, but what happens when the fantasy is over? Is this person your love match? By taking this quiz, you'll realize if your new love could be a match for you now and in the future.
1. How do you decide how to spend time together?
We like doing the same things so we always agree on what we want to do.
We usually do what I want to do even if he isn't a fan of it.
We usually do what he wants to do, even though I would rather do something else.
We take turns. Sometimes we do what I want to do and sometimes we do what he wants to do.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.058771
Retrieved Text: WHAT DID JESUS DO: "A Life Above This Life"
Are we disciples? Are we following Jesus? What is it that we do that Jesus did? What do we do that Jesus told us to do? If we are not doing what Jesus did or told us to do, how exactly are we following? In this message we learn about what was important to Jesus in the story of His being left behind in Jerusalem by His parents when He was 12 years old. Jesus' divinity was not manufactured by the church at some later date. Jesus knew. So can we. And we can be followers of Jesus without guessing what we are to do. We follow. We do what Jesus did.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.047484
Retrieved Text: Q1: What do you mean by word processor? Write its features?
Q2: How do we create, save and open a document in MS-Word. Write steps with dialog box?
Q3: What do you mean by View of a document? What are different views available in MS-Word?
Q4: What is Find and Replace in MS-Word? Explain with its dialog box?
Q5: What are Auto Correct and their different types?
Q6: What do you mean by spell and grammar? Explain with dialog box?
Q7: What do you mean by page break? what different break available in MS-Word?
Q8: What do you mean by Border and Shading explains with dialog box?
Q9: What is mail merge? How do we create it? Explain in detail?
Q10: How do we insert header and footer in MS-Word?
Q11: What is difference between Workbook and Worksheet?
Q12: What do you mean by Thesaurus?
Q13: Explain following function with example?
Q14: How do we insert a chart in Excel using chart wizard?
Q15: What do you mean by sorting in Excel?
Q15: What is Goal Seek and Scenario in MS-Excel?
Q16: How do we create a presentation in MS-PowerPoint using blank and auto content wizard?
Q17: What do you mean by custom animation? How do we insert this into our presentation?
Q18: What is slide layout and slide design in MS-PowerPoint?
Q19: How do we insert image, audio and video in slide?
Q20: what are handouts and speakers notes in MS-PowerPoint?
After the above date no file will be submitted and 5 marks will be deducted.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.03699
Retrieved Text: One good trend pays for ‘em all.
What do we do when we catch a trend, honey … etc.
What do we do when we show a loss, honey … etc.
We give that dag-gone loss a toss.
How do we know when our risk is right, honey … etc.
We make a lot of money and we sleep at night.
What do we do when the price breaks through, honey … etc.
Our stops are in so there’s nothing to do.
We stick to the plan and pull the trigger.
What do we do with a hot news flash, honey … etc.
We stash that flash right in the trash.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.031356
Retrieved Text: 5. Agile ? Scrum ? XP?? How do I survive in the competitive market Team empowerment ?? Appraisals? My new role ? What am I doing here…. ??????????
6. Let’s start with a story….
7. Once upon a time… In a land of yore and happiness, there lived three project managers… Day after day, They used to marshal their troops, delivered projects, earned client appreciations and used to go home happily with their hard earned money Everything was fine, happy and full of fun… Until one day…… TRAGEDY STRUCK !!!!!!
8. Their world started changing…. The Projects Started failing… Customers were no longer happy.. Their troops revolted against their way of working….
9. And to make matters worse… A new , dangerous, ugly monster was seen in the town….
14. So, which one of the Project Manager resides in you ???
15. OK. I got the message. But What do I do , to be successful in new world ?
26. The perspectives What do we expect and demand of ourselves? What outcomes do we expect from ourselves? What do we expect to improve in our functioning as Agile Team Managers? The Manager's perspective. What do we want to do less, or refrain from doing as Agile Team Managers What do we want to preserve (to keep doing in the same way) as Agile Team Managers?
27. The self perspective What do we expect and demand of ourselves? What outcomes do we expect from ourselves? What do we expect to improve in our functioning as Agile Team Managers? The Manager's perspective. What do we

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.030856
Retrieved Text: What Do We Know About Data Analysis?
What Do We Know About Functions?
What Do We Know About Inequalities?
What Do We Know About Proportional Reasoning?
What Do We Know About the Pythagorean Theorem?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.015286
Retrieved Text: This is an alphabetical listing of UK companies showing 3 10 INTERACTIVE INCORPORATED through to 3 21 EVENTS INC . This listing is for companies whose name starts with the character 3. These companies are on the company registrar and therefore registered with the UK Government organisation, Companies House. This list covers private limited companies, public limited companies, limited liability partnerships and registered overseas organisations. Sole traders will not be listed here. Why is this useful?
3 10 INTERACTIVE INCORPORATED , California We do not know the formation date yet of 3 10 INTERACTIVE INCORPORATED. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
3 102 675572 LLC SRL , Delaware We do not know the formation date yet of 3 102 675572 LLC SRL. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
3 11 PRODUCTIONS INC , California We do not know the formation date yet of 3 11 PRODUCTIONS INC. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
3 12 COASTAL COURT LLC , Georgia We do not know the formation date yet of 3 12 COASTAL COURT LLC. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
3 12 GROUP LLC , Georgia We do not

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.003638
Retrieved Text: I couldn’t help notice maturity is not about what we know. Maturity is not about what we believe. Maturity is about what we do. We need to recognize this in the spiritual realm. Spiritual maturity is not about what we know and believe; it is about what we do. Don’t misunderstand; we have to grow in knowledge and faith if we wish to be mature Christians. Knowledge and faith alone, however, are not the markers for maturity. We can be extremely knowledgeable but still spiritually immature. Maturity is when we actually take the knowledge and faith we are gaining and put them in to practice.
Notice what happened when John the Baptist started preaching in Luke 3:10-14. The people asked, “What then shall we do?” They didn’t ask what to know or what to believe, but what to do. Then John got very practical. He didn’t wax eloquent about theology, soteriology, eschatology, or any otherology. He told them, “Whoever has two tunics is to share with him who has none, and whoever has food is to do likewise.” He told the tax collectors to take nothing more than they were authorized. He told the soldiers to be content with their wages and not extort money through threats and false accusations. Interestingly, not once can we find anyone ever asking, “What must I believe to be saved?” or “What must I know to be saved?” However, they do ask, “What must I do?” Maturity is about what we do.
Look at II Peter 1:5-8. How many of those attributes

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.003006
Retrieved Text: The practice of confession will help you grow such that you make progress with integrity of speech.
Do you feel you have control of your words? How often do you regret what you say? In what kinds of situations are you particularly prone to saying things you otherwise wouldn’t?
How do you feel when you restrain your words (when you choose not to say what you want to, or feel you should, say)? What do you do with those feelings (how do you process it)?
How do you use words to effect things? Are you self aware, when you speak, of what you are hoping your words will accomplish? How much of what you say has the intent to build up, encourage, help, clarify, etc., and how much is intended to hurt, embarrass, insult, vent? How often is your speech a way of manipulating or controlling things?
Do you believe you are in control of what you say? Why or why not?
How can you seek God for help? What do healthy patterns of looking to God look like when we recognize through our speech that our hearts are still sinful?
Do you ever confess your sins to another human being? What things should you be acknowledging verbally before others? What are challenges to doing this? What steps do you need to take to make this part of your life?
What do you think are the fundamental truths of Christianity that we need to confess (remember, acknowledge, speak)? What are various ways (or contexts) to speak these things in the course of your

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.994987
Retrieved Text: shall be done no later than August 31, 1999.
Who are we looking for; professional and/or netizen?  Who we do not want?
to contact through the Internet?
we want for members?  What obligations do members have?
How dowe communciate, advertise?  How do we leverage on other organizations?
ICANN At-Large member? Why must one join? What benefits for member?
What is lost if one doesn't join?
addressing; potential General Assembly member or wider Internet community?
How do we know(measure) progress in awareness? What are geographic objectives?
advertizing and how? How do we leverage on other organizations?
Which organizations? Other channels eg. registries?
to members? Is sponsorship permitted and which type?
What messages are sent to audience? How do we monitor progress in awareness?
What does it require to become a member? How do we make membership attractive?
What would potential members want? How do we simplify application process?
How do we communicate, advertizing and how? Direct contacts?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.987715
Retrieved Text: Why do we let them cover up their lies?
-do we have to lie?
What do you want to do in life when all you know is about to end?
what to say to the person who used to hurt you?
what will you do kong naa d.i ky leukemia??
What will you do if you found out you're only the rebound guy?
what to do wen ur alone?
What else to do but look for companions.
What do you do when common sense fails?
what to do wen there's no one u can turn to?
Which is better, an assault rifle or a pistol in terms of sexiness XD?
What's the first thing to do on a first date?
what will u say to me when i die?
What's the next best thing to the Internet?
what to say when someone hurts you?
You hurt me, now die.
What is the best way to tell some girl you like her?
what to do when ur bored in a major subj.?
What do you do when you've no idea what to do and if you do a certain do it would do no good to you? HAHA.
What's the best way to become a pro-wrestler?
all we need is to hold on?
We need to if we really love them.
What's the best thing to say when you have to say nothing at all?
What's the better thing to do, buy this thing you couldn't get, or wait it out?
wait na lang.. how could you get the thing you want, if you even couldnt get it in the first place.. mag kapoe2x lang kah..
how would you know if that

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.967604
Retrieved Text: What do you think about our reworked website? - B.Gallant Homes Ltd.
What do you think about our reworked website?
Tell us what you think about our website. What do you love? What do you like but it could be better? What don't you like and why? What are we missing? What do we need more of?
We want to hear from our users what we can do to improve their experience?
Excellent site. Very informative and easy to navigate. Keep up the good work.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.967503
Retrieved Text: 2) What is RTL Design. How it is different from non-RTL in terms of verilog coading.
3) what is RTL verification .What is the tool that used to Rtl verification. Ans :- checking functionality of the RTL design by using the HDL laungage wheather our code is meeting structural /functional description.VHDL or veri log HDL tools are used to RTL verification.
4) Do you know gate level verification? Transistor level verification? RTL verification? What is difference between them?
5) What is difference between functional verification & formal verification?
6) What is Synthesis? What are inputs needed for Synthesis?
why? 16) What if I do not have create_clock in constraints file while synthesis? How does it effect? 17)What is the difference between flat & hierarchical synthesis? 18) What is timing budgeting? Do we do budgeting while synthesis? 19) What is input delay & output delay on IO ports in hierarchical flow? How does they calculated? 20) What is a multi cycle path? When do we use it? . what is the impact we have? If No. can we do synthesis? If Yes.8) Do we need physical libs for synthesis? 9) What are tools available in market for synthesis? 10) What is a false path? How do we define in DC? 11) What is a critical path? 12) If timing after synthesis is having timing violations (setup & hold) can we go forward to Physical Design? Is there any possibility that timing will be met in PD even it is not in Synthesis? What are the possible situations? 13) What are timing constraints?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.937173
Retrieved Text: This is an alphabetical listing of UK companies showing 1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. through to 1 2 3 POLESTAR LLC . This listing is for companies whose name starts with the character 1. These companies are on the company registrar and therefore registered with the UK Government organisation, Companies House. This list covers private limited companies, public limited companies, limited liability partnerships and registered overseas organisations. Sole traders will not be listed here. Why is this useful?
1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. MIAMI BEACH, FL 1 2 3 HARDSHIPFREE, INC. was formed 7 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HEALTH PLAN, INC. HENDERSON, NV 1 2 3 HEALTH PLAN, INC. was formed 12 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HEARTRATE INC , California We do not know the formation date yet of 1 2 3 HEARTRATE INC. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HOME REALTY, INC. MIAMI, FL 1 2 3 HOME REALTY, INC. was formed 15 years ago. We do not have information about what type of business this is. The company seems to be no longer trading or is non compliant.
1 2 3 HOME LOANS, INC. MIAMI, FL 1 2

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.934178
Retrieved Text: Mary had done what she could for Jesus, so Jesus testified, when she poured the precious ointment on His head and feet. The LORD highly commended her for it, saying: "Wheresoever this Gospel shall be preached throughout the whole world, this also that she hath done shall be spoken of for a memorial of her."
Have we done what we could for Jesus? Are we confessing Him before men, or do we . . .
Have we done what we could for Jesus? Are we confessing Him before men, or do we take the easy way out and say nothing? Are we willing to take up the cross and follow Him, or do we try to avoid it? Do we give as much as we can for the support of His Church, or are our contributions as little as possible? Do we place our personal talents at His disposal, or do we let others do the work? Surely, if we love Jesus, we must feel an impelling power within us to do the very best we can for Him.
Christian friends, What we are expected to do for Jesus is measured by the ability of the individual. Others might have done more or less according to their circumstances, but Mary did what she could. Whether we have many or few talents, we must always do our best for Jesus. That is what counts.
A life released from Satan's snare.
THOUGHT FOR THE DAY - Our lives are God's gift to us; what we do with them is our gift to God.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.931516
Retrieved Text: All of us are blessed beyond our comprehension. We have many God-given advantages in this life, but unfortunately, we take many of these for granted. And when it comes to participating in the work of the Lord, we often excuse ourselves as if we had little ability, little opportunity, and little responsibility. In reality, however, God has blessed us greatly, and He is going to call us to account for what we have done with our tremendous blessings. He knows — whether we are willing to acknowledge it or not — that He has showered us with the things we need in order to accomplish His work in this world, and the plain truth is this: if we fail to use our abilities in the Lord’s work, that is a serious sin.
It is tempting to worry (and maybe even complain) about what we can’t do. But God has never asked anyone to do anything that was impossible for that person at that time. His expectations are always within our reach, and the consequence is that His judgment of us will be perfectly just. If we are lost, it will be because we chose not to do what we could have done if we had adopted a better attitude about our opportunities.
Philippians 4:13 is a passage that takes away most of our excuses. It is the text where Paul says, “I can do all things through him who strengthens me.” The “all things” that Christ will strengthen us to do are the things that have to do

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.925064
Retrieved Text: 3. What Do You See?
4. Can You Find It?
25 Jan and Jem Win!
30 Quinn Can Do It!
36 Where Do Animals Live?
18 What Makes Me Happy?
19 What Do I See?
22 What Can I Do?
31 What Do We Need?
34 What Can We Make Together?
35 Who Builds a House?
14 We Can Do It!
24 A Trip to Washington, D. C.
29 Get on the Bus!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.919909
Retrieved Text: –What's he saying? –Damien, can we cut?
–Damien, are we cutting? –No! No! Still rolling!
Maybe tomorrow we can cut that hair. What do you say, Jack?
- What did he just say? - Wait, can we play that...?
Say it slow so we can hear all the syllables.
What can I say? I find your neuroses entertaining.
What do you say we cut him some slack?
So what do you say we cut to the chase?
What do you say we cut the chitchat, a-hole?
What do you say we cut to the chase?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.916031
Retrieved Text: I've had people call me from bands that are very popular, and they're like, 'What do we do? We want to do what you do.' It's almost impossible to do what I do, because you would have to start in 1980. You can't just do it.
Do what you have to do when you have to do it, so that you can do what you want to do when you want to do it.
One often has to do what they have to do in order to do what they want to do; however if you only do what you want to do then you will never do what you have to do!
If it's what you do and you can do it, then you do it.
I don't think you can be a good listener unless you're a good listener. I think it's something that you really have to do, and if you really do it, then you can do it. If you don't do it, then you can't do it.
If you want to do something, just do it. No one is going to do it for you.
Do not be a people without a will of your own saying: If others treat well you will also treat well and if they do wrong we will do wrong; but accustom yourselves to do good if people do good and do not do wrong if they do evil.
Do good and then do it again.
Unless you are willing to do the ridiculous, God will not do the miraculous. When you have God,

================



======= Instance Index 5015 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Its chaos and the excellent staff there immediately attended to me and get me on a stretcher and into a small makeshift room . A guy flat lines to my left after choking on his own vomit , a woman to my far right is screaming in some kind of pain I ca n't see or imagine . A father sadly strokes the head of his young blonde daughter as she is curled up in a ball completely unconscious . An old lady in the room in front of me laid there staring at me for hours .
Question: Where may he be ?
Options: 
- None of the above choices .
 - In a type of hospital .
 - Under a stretcher .
 - Outside of a room .

Target Text: In a type of hospital .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.291832
Retrieved Text: May I sit with ya?
Excuse me, I am glad you placed a handle on that.
But where you planned on sitting at?
Sorry, Mr. Pretty will be back for his seat.
May I ask...where is he?
He is in the upper room.
Yep, his first name is Confidence.
I'll holla at ya a' lil' lata, Ms. Pretty.
He wonders if Mr. Pretty knows what he got?
She wonders if he knows she is waiting on God?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.216832
Retrieved Text: I wonder if this thought ever occurred to Rick Perry: If a would-be presidential assailant is undeterred by Secret Service agents with Uzis, why would he be deterred by a presidential candidate packing heat? Does he think that if Ronald Reagan had been packing a Glock that fateful day 30 years ago, he would have gotten the drop on John Hinckley?
If Rick Perry is our next president and he has a like-minded Congress, guns on the Senate floor may not be a laughing matter. They may well be the way things are in an American nightmare where, in political discourse, the guns speak louder than the rhetoric.
Where Does Rick Perry Stand on the Issues?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.20176
Retrieved Text: Benefit fraud - What is benefit fraud?
1 : What is benefit fraud?
Working and claiming Are working and not telling us or not telling us about a wage increase, change of or additional jobs, going self employed, or increasing net profit of their business over time.
Failing to declare either savings/capital or the ownership of another property/land elsewhere (for which they may be receiving rent or may have recently Sold). Anything that gives you access to capital or savings could be classed as a capital asset and you must tell us.
Fails to declare all of their income, knowing or intending that the non-declaration will increase their benefit award.
Failing to declare the presence of a partner who may be working or not, knowing or intending that this would affect their entitlement.
Failure to declare the presence of other adults living in the property, in order to preserve or increase entitlement to benefit.
This is where the owner of a property falsely states that he or she is paying rent to occupy what is, in fact, his or her own property, usually inventing a fictitious landlord to do so.
Where a claimant fails to declare that he/she has moved, but continues to accept payments of Housing Benefit for their previous address, they are committing fraud.
This fraud may occur where a person is claiming for an address at which he or she is not in fact living. This type of offence may occur with the collusion of the landlord or other tenants.
This is where a landlord continues to receive benefit paid directly to him/her

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.134075
Retrieved Text: Robert Mack Netherton, 61, of Dillon, died suddenly May 23, 2017, of a massive heart attack. He was a devoted husband and loving father who cherished his family and loved living in the mountains.
Bob was born in Southwest City, Missouri, as a leap-year baby on Feb. 29, 1956, and grew up in Miami, Oklahoma, as a jock. He went to college on a baseball scholarship but his sense of adventure called him to Alaska, where he worked in the oil industry at Prudhoe Bay and, later, on the Exxon Valdez oil spill. He settled in Anchorage and flourished in his career as an editor at the Anchorage Times, where he stayed for 20 years. He then moved to Mesa, Arizona, where he continued to distinguish himself as a copy editor for the Mesa Tribune.
Bob moved to Summit County in 1999 and became a copy editor for the Summit Daily News. He was then drawn to another opportunity working as an executive recruiter for the JRP Group, where he has worked and excelled in placing banking officials across the country for the last 15 years.
He delighted in the offerings of Summit County and was particularly fond of umpiring for the Summit County Softball League, where all his friends called him, “Blue.” He loved to fish on Lake Dillon and enjoyed hiking nearby trails with his faithful and devoted dog, Jed. He was kind to everyone and was generous in his spirit and love. Survivors include his wife, Martha Netherton of Dillon; his son Clinton Netherton and his

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.118967
Retrieved Text: Catalan painter Manel Anoro presents his latest works at the Campton Gallery, New York, next Thursday 08 May. The Campton Gallery is located in New York’s Soho district, well known for its art scene.
The show will be on for two weeks, and will be the artist’s 12th exhibition in New York. Anoro’s career has developed mainly in the United States, where he has held, with this, thirty-eight solo exhibitions.
The works shown, reminiscent of the French fauvist movement from the beginning of the last century, include his personal experiences of his life and travels in Morocco, Senegal, Cuba and the Dominican Republic. He also paints his homeland landscapes of Menorca, where he spends half of the year, and Girona where he has recently moved to his new studio.
The exhibition will be opened from 08 to 22 May. Hours: Monday to Saturday, 11h to 18h, Sunday, 12h to 18h. Campton Gallery 451 West Broadway, 212-387-0208.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.098686
Retrieved Text: Beginning in early December, and running through May 15th, New City will be offering a Strings Talent Class in the mornings. Violin, viola, cello and bass will be taught in this class. The instructor will be Michael Dunsmoor, who holds an MA degree from Webster University in Instrumental Conducting. He is currently teaching at Missouri Baptist University where he is the String Ensemble Director and in the Webster Groves High School District where he teaches after school strings. He has a passion for seeing young musicians grow and has instructed students of all ages both privately and in the classroom.
The cost for this December-May, twice-weekly class is $350. If you are interested, please contact Tobie in the Extended Day office at ttaylor-hudson@newcityschool.org.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.084915
Retrieved Text: I’m sure Shorebird fans are pleased that my prediction that Trey Mancini would skip a level and advance to Frederick coming off a season where he was named the Topps NY-Penn League Player of the Year did not come to pass. Instead, Mancini is hitting a cool .310/0/23/.736 OPS for Delmarva.
Now those stats don’t match the .328/3/35/.832 OPS he had for Aberdeen in his first taste of professional ball out of Notre Dame, but after a homestand where Trey went 13-for-32 (.406) with three doubles and six knocked in, Mancini may be on his way to matching those numbers. But a lot was expected from the eighth-round Oriole pick last year, and since he just turned 22 during spring training Trey is on a good track. Mancini is also something of an oddity, a warm-weather product (Florida native) who went north to play his collegiate ball.
Going forward, though, Mancini may need to develop a little versatility seeing that he’s a couple levels behind another hard-hitting Oriole first baseman prospect in Christian Walker, not to mention Chris Davis holding down the fort in Baltimore. At the very worst he may need to see a little time in left field, where his arm strength (or lack thereof, being a regular first baseman) wouldn’t be a liability.
It usually takes a season or two of professional ball for power hitters to find their way, and Trey reportedly is a highlight reel buring batting practice. (I also found where he won the Big East Conference home run derby in 2012.) So

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.063652
Retrieved Text: On the other hand He can heal all wounds. He is not constrained by time; He can go back and heal wounds from years past. He knows us. He knows how to lovingly challenge our idols. But we must be willing to respond with obedience to what we hear.
Search our souls O God that we may honor you that we may be clean temples where your glory can dwell.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.059642
Retrieved Text: Groups running sausage sizzles and claiming charity donation tax credits may find their money taken off them, Inland Revenue warns.
The Inland Revenue Commissioner today issued a revenue alert highlighting concerns about arrangements entered into to get a tax credit where there has not been a true gift of money.
Revenue alerts were issued about twice a year to provide information about significant or emerging issues of concern to IRD.
"While almost everyone who is donating money is doing it correctly, Inland Revenue is seeing cases where arrangements have been entered into where the payment made to a charity is not a true gift of money," IRD's chief tax counsel Graham Tubb said.
He said a lot of the cases were just misunderstandings.
For example, charities avoiding their GST liability, but as a result also generating donation tax credits in circumstances where the money being donated really comes from a fundraising event and may not even belong to the donor -- such as a sausage sizzle.
"You essentially do see arrangements between a local charitable entity of some sort... running some type of event which wouldn't normally generate donation tax credits.
"The surplus is accumulated and then passed on by the interposed person who's said to run the [sausage sizzle] sale, whereas in reality it's really the community group itself that is doing it and that person then makes a donation of proceeds."
It created a donation credit out of a situation where there should not be one, he said.
IRD would take steps to recover ineligible payments and could impose penalties, he said.
"It is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.048537
Retrieved Text: Since 1986, Charlie Buttrey has been one of the premier personal injury lawyers in the Upper Valley. He has tried cases in courts throughout both New Hampshire and Vermont, and has obtained verdicts and settlements that have resulted in millions of dollars of compensation being awarded to his clients.
If you have been injured, just getting through the day can be a challenge. You may be hospitalized for a period of time, you may miss work, you may need lengthy therapy, you may be in pain, you may not be able to care for your loved ones, you may simply be overwhelmed. Having an experienced, compassionate attorney at your side will go a long way to easing your anxiety. Charlie will deal with all of the legal matters – your medical expenses, your unpaid bills, the claims adjusters – while you can focus on what’s important: getting back on your feet. There is never a charge for an initial consultation, and clients may choose to hire Charlie on a contingency basis, which means that they do not pay any legal fees until they have been fully compensated.
Charlie graduated in 1977 from the Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, where he was captain and MVP of the Varsity Wrestling Team, and a New England interscholastic champion in his weight class. In 1981, he graduated from Princeton University, where he was a varsity athlete and Senior Class President. He graduated, with honors, from Vermont Law School, where he was chair of the Honor Committee, in 1986.
Charlie has practiced

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.040393
Retrieved Text: The casino is an interesting, colorful, and lively place. The minute you step inside one, you'll find yourself immediately drawn into the action on the floor. First-timers may even be mesmerized by all the colors, the machines, the chatter. Best of all, you'll meet a lot of people – individuals from different sectors of society – inside a casino.
This person can be in his late 20s or early 30s. He has always wanted to try his luck at the casino and now that he finally has the money, he decides to spend the night playing. He first tries out the slot machines, and as he starts collecting wins, he moves on to the poker table, where he wins some more. His beginner's luck may irritate some players, but he does not really care. All that he knows is he's finally living his dream!
Grandma and grandpa's idea of a romantic getaway is a trip to the casino, where they spend the whole night trying out all the slot machines. They'll be wearing matching floral outfits, too! They have with them a small bag, where they intend to keep their winnings. They may hit the jackpot from time-to-time, but what they're really enjoying is the free entertainment, the free drinks, and each other's company.
This guy does not really know what he is doing. He plays poker even if he does not understand the game. He goes to the Blackjack table, places a bet, and plays, even if he does not know what he has to do to win.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.02561
Retrieved Text: § 165. An adverbial clause of place defines the place or the direction of the action expressed in the principal clause. It may be introduced by one of the following conjunctions: where, whence, wherever, everywhere (that) and conjunctive adverbs with prepositions. A clause introduced by wherever can express direction as well as position.
He was standing where he always had stood, on the rug before the living-room fire.
From where he stood he could see nothing.
Wherever they came people greeted them enthusiastically.
Why can’t we go where it’s warm?
He took a chair whence he could see the street.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.989143
Retrieved Text: Learn how to encourage your child's increasing independence and endless imagination through play, routine, and relationships. From "Magic of Everyday Moments—Series 2."
Two-year-olds often spend a lot of time in the world of pretend. When you watch your child and join in (while letting him be the director) you will learn a lot about what he is thinking and feeling. He may make up stories where he is the dad who goes to work and you are the child left at home or in child care. He may be the king who gets everything he wants!
There may be some big adjustments ahead for both of you, as well. You might be considering preschool. Learning to use the potty may be on the horizon. Perhaps there is a new baby coming into the picture. You may be concerned about how your toddler will adjust…or how you will handle two! These are all opportunities to help your child learn to cope with life’s changes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.989043
Retrieved Text: Spaces: Where Are You And Where Do You Want To Be?
connections with others who may not be like you, and the third space is an environment where you have no relationships. He referenced the story in Acts 17:17 where Paul wanted to reach the Romans in Athens. The first place he went was to the religious. You might ask the question, how he was going to reach the Romans if he went to the church?
This first place he described was our comfortable zone or space being inside the church. This is the place where we can talk openly and comfortably about God and what he means, using the terminology and language that we use inside church without reference to actual meaning. This is the place we’re most comfortable where we don’t have to do anything different. We can be who we are in church and not be relatable to anyone else outside. This is the place where we use our Sunday language, and we don’t have to think of how that sounds to anyone else.
The second space he talked about was outside the church. This may be your place of work or among friends and neighbors. In Acts:17:17, “Paul spoke daily in the public square to all who happened to be there.” In this place, if we still use our Sunday language and attempt to talk to others about God, people may not be that receptive to hearing. We are in a middle ground of their turf vs our turf. It’s a place where we can

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.988022
Retrieved Text: Hoyt Everett Newman, 77, of Clendenin, went home to be with the Lord Thursday, May 24, 2018, at home after a long illness.
He was the son of the late Elva Geraldine Osborne Davis. He was also preceded in death by his brother, Robert Newman.
Hoyt was owner and operator of the Clendenin Dairy Queen since 1977. He also worked for Columbia Gas Transmission. He was a 50-year member of Clendenin Lodge #126, Eastern Star Thelma Chapter 24 Clendenin, Scottish Rite Bodies and the Beni Kedem Shrine. Hoyt was a Korean War veteran where he received the Korean Citation, Veterans Citation for the Army in the 2nd Infantry Division. He served as Commander for the American Legion Post 61 where he received many honors, such as, Post Commander of the Year Div. III in 2001. Hoyt was a member of the VFW where he served as the VFW State Junior Commander Dept. of WV.
He is survived by: wife, Sandy Ryder Newman; daughter, Angela (Scott) Freyberg; son, Paul (Tina) Newman; grandsons, Joshua Newman, Jacob (Amy) Elkins and Jared Freyberg; great – granddaughters, Aubrey and Allyson Elkins; sister, Julia Davis; special friends, Homer Rucker, Sam Harper, Jim Shafer, Jack Belcher, and cousin, Kenny Drennen; furry friend, Gypsy.
The Visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m. Saturday, May 26, at Matics Funeral Home, Clendenin. The Funeral will be 2 p.m. Sunday, May 27, at Mount Pleasant Baptist Church, with Pastor Lee Swor officiating. Burial will be at Tyler Mountain Memory Gardens with Masonic Lodge #126 performing Graveside Rites and American Legion

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.987736
Retrieved Text: It's been awhile since the Intimate crew has thrown a shaker at the beloved Open Studios. Join us as we return with one of the true Detroit Techno originators, KEVIN SAUNDERSON.
Kevin Saunderson is an American electronic music producer. At the age of nine he moved to Belleville, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit where he attended Belleville High School and befriended two students, Derrick May and Juan Atkins. Saunderson, with Atkins and May, (often called the "Belleville Three"), is considered to be one of the originators of techno, specifically Detroit techno.
Kevin Saunderson is an American electronic music producer. At the age of nine he moved to Belleville, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit where he attended Belleville High School and befriended two students, Derrick May and Juan Atkins.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.966795
Retrieved Text: So if a stranger asks Mark where he lives, Mark may reasonably convince them he lives far away from Portland.
Doctors say Mark may think he lives someplace he lived 20 years ago. For a listing of all 3 locations he lived in the last 30 years click here.
SLEEPING IN UNKNOWN VEHICLES: Two days prior to his disappearance, Mark fell asleep in a pizza delivery vehicle. Mark did not know the car or the owner. The driver found Mark and woke him, but this indicates Mark may be far outside Riddle.
COVERING UP CONFUSION: Whenever pressed about how he was feeling, Mark insisted, in his typical affable manner, “I am just fine.” Mark covered up confusion to family and friends. Mark often did not know where his tent was during the Cycle Oregon event, but when friends offered to help find it, Mark said he did not need help.
STANDING ALONE: Mark was frequently seen standing alone for long periods of time.
BRAIN ISSUE: Doctors say Mark's painful headaches in recent weeks and loss of memory may indicate a physiological brain abnormality. In theory, this would cause the behaviors above.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.957949
Retrieved Text: Jacksonville police arrested Mark Daryl Chan, who lives less than 300 feet from Englewood Elementary, where police said he threatened to attack and shoot up the students at the elementary school. He was located Friday at Baptist Medical Center Downtown, where he was receiving mental health treatment, for which he has a history, the reports said. Police said he denied owning a firearm.
Many times, those accused of Jacksonville criminal threat charges have misperceptions and concerns for their freedom. Often, the individual charged is accused of making a threat by someone they know, even a family member. Threat charges majorly depend on who said what to whom, the case may seem like a “he said, she said” situation, making one confused as to how to handle the charge or where to turn.
–	appears to be one that the person making the threat can actually carry out.
A threat may be a “credible threat” under Florida law even if one does not actually intend the threat to be carried out or is incarcerated. The subjective mind and impression made on the person who receives the threat matters; the intentions of the accused are considered irrelevant.
Even though many are guilty of extortion, many times, the accused is the actual victim of a false accusation. In many common situations where pets or children’s belongings are stolen, the accused is merely the good neighbor who wants to help and is wrongfully accused. Other times, denial of reward money existing for the lost item, in order to save face, is the cause of an

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.948062
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He is really quick. He can be outstanding in the field. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.945472
Retrieved Text: In order to fully understand how to deal with alcoholism, it is important for one to know everything that there is to know about it. One of the most important things to know is that alcoholism is usually categorized by four stages. By going through each and every stage of alcoholism, one may be able to better handle the situation efficiently. Below are the four stages of alcoholism.
During this stage, an individual is fully aware of what is going on. Drinking alcohol is done as a social thing. The individual may also drink as a way to relax and just have fun with friends or family. Below are some of the symptoms that may be observed during this stage.
The individual also starts taking alcohol in much larger quantities than normal.
The individual ensures that all bottles or glasses are emptied just so there is no wastage.
The individual may also be very careful in looking for opportunities to drink: for example parties and other functions that present the possibilities of drinking.
In this stage, an individual is still in control of all that is going on but is presented by a lot of difficulty in making decisions. Indeed one may even be able to resist the temptations to drink but most of the times he or she chooses not to. Some of the symptoms that may occur at this stage may include the following.
The individual takes a much higher quantity of alcohol and as a result may experience black outs during drinking sessions.
The individual is also likely to develop

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.940842
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He can develop into a decent slugger. He has decent speed. He can be outstanding in the field. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.937498
Retrieved Text: Have you ever questioned wether or not God was there? Have you been through times where God was silent? Today I am reminded of the many times in my own life where I really wondered where God was. Those times were great trials of my faith and I had to look to find where I could get strength and hope. I had to search and find God in the midst of the deafening silence. God had to remind me to remember my past experiences where I heard God loud and clear. I looked back in past journals where I had written down personal testimonies and scriptures that had ministered to me. I also turned to the Bible. There are countless stories recorded in the pages of the Bible that remind us of God's faithfulness and truth. Just think about Joseph, who over 13 years of trials and test never discounted the dream God had placed in his heart. He had to be ridiculed. He went to jail. He wasn't believed. No one seemed to be on his side, but he still trusted God. God asked Abraham to leave everything he knew (comfort place) and move to a new land with new challenges and no one for support. Even Jesus as he hung on the cross had a moment of desperation where He cried out to the Father "why have You forsaken me?" God had not left Him. God was only being silent. God had a plan, but at that moment there seemed to be no hope.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.933995
Retrieved Text: Beloved, as we read this portion of Scripture from the Gospel of Luke we learn some principles for our mission field. First we learn that it is the Lord that has appointed us and sent us, “the Lord appointed seventy others also, and sent them two by two.” Beloved, the location that the Lord has placed us is where He desires to use us. Allow the Lord to minister in you so that He may minister through you. Remember you have been appointed by Jesus Himself to reach the lost of your mission field.
Second, we learn that the Lord does not send us to a location that He did not first intend to visit, “where He Himself intended to visit.” In other words, Jesus always goes before us. Beloved, as we minister out on our mission field, whether it be work, or school or a foreign country, we need to take comfort that Jesus not only has sent us but He has gone before us. This truth is especially important when the times get difficult and results may not be what we anticipated. We need to trust that Jesus is faithful and true to His Word.
Finally we learn that the harvest is great, “The harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few.” Beloved, the harvest may not look great but we need to remember that the Lord desires to do a work inside before He messes with the outside. In other words, that drunk on the street corner may be our harvest! When Pastor Steve

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.932063
Retrieved Text: Joseph L. Gunter, passed away on Sunday, March 25, 2007, after a brief battle with cancer. He was born in Oakgrove, Louisiana on January 16, 1937. His family moved to California where he enlisted in the U.S. Navy at the age of 17. He honorably served his country in Vietnam where he was wounded and was awarded the Purple Heart. Later he served on the USS Henry W. Tucker and the USS Mars. He retired in 1971. He loved cats and over his retirement had many furry friends around his home. He was always willing to help out with a project. Where he was building a jungle gym or a fence or watering the yard when others were on vacation he was always there. He will be missed and will always be loved.
Memorial Service to be held on Monday, May 28, 2007 at 100 p.m. at the American LegionKarl Ross Post 16 located at 2020 Plymouth Road, Stockton, CA 95204.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.91146
Retrieved Text: Where the 'doer' is inanimate, or is animate but the action is not under their control, and the 'causer' is animate, the exact roles of the 'doer' and 'causer' vary according to the verb.The 'causer' may hold ultimate responsibility for the action, even though he or she does not intend to cause the action.
The vase broke when it fell on the floor.
He broke the vase when he dropped it on the floor.
The 'causer' may provide the conditions in which a natural process takes place.
The 'causer' may not cause the action at all, but may be affected by the action, for example by suffering an injury.
The 'doer' may not do anything, but may be affected by the action.
The bucket filled in two minutes.
He filled the bucket in two minutes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.90346
Retrieved Text: 50th Anniversary of the Metropolitan Sewerage System . . . Where we have been, where we are, and where we may be going.
A walk down memory lane of how wastewater was managed, which may be a surprise to some, and an overview of how we do things today. The presentation will be topped off with the latest on where we may be headed in the future with wastewater management and reuse.
Cheryl Lester holds a BS in Chemistry from San Diego State University and has worked for the City of San Diego since 1986. She started her City career in the Industiral Waste Program as a chemist doing sampling and analysis of industrial dischargers to the sewer system. The Enviromental Services Department caught her eye in 1990 and she stayed for 20 years where she managed the City’s hazardous waste and residential household hazardous waste programs along with assisting with anything related to hazardous waste issues such as legal cases and large City construction projects. Cheryl came back to her roots in 2012 to the Public Utilities Department where she now manages the San Diego Metropolitan Sewerage System which includes a team of 275 staff who operate, maintain, and support all of the wastewater treatement plants and large pumping stations.
Jeffery Pasek is the Watershed Manager for the Public Utilities Department. He oversees the management of water and other natural resource on 42,000 acres of land owned by the department around the City’s source water reservoirs. He also guides the department’s interaction with other governmental entities and private

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.8996105
Retrieved Text: Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D), a former pediatric neurologist, waded into the controversy Wednesday, telling WTOP radio that third-trimester abortions are done with "the consent of obviously the mother, with consent of the physician, multiple physicians by the way, and it’s done in cases where there may be severe deformities or there may be a fetus that’s not viable."
"This is extremely heartbreaking for me," Reeves said on "America's Newsroom" Thursday. "I'm actually appalled by it."
He said this bill goes "way beyond" Roe v. Wade and legalized abortion, and he revealed that the bill failed in the state senate by one vote.
He warned that pro-choice advocates are taking a "systematic" approach to passing the legislation, and he predicted that "one way or another" they'll get it passed.
"That goes to the bigger picture nationally of where the Democrat Party is today," Reeves said. "And I think this speaks volumes."
On "Fox News @ Night," Shannon Bream reported that 81 percent of people are opposed to third-trimester abortions, according to a May 2018 Gallup poll.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.896824
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He can develop into a decent slugger. He will always be a below average fielder. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.896782
Retrieved Text: Jesse explores more instances of persecution for preaching the Gospel in America. Jesse's writing is not theoretical, but of his own experiences in this, the land of the free with guarantees of free speech. Jesse shows how even though a person may seek to witness and preach within the confines of the law -- asking police where he can preach -- it is no assurance that he may not be arrested and jailed.
Even though asking the police where he could preach, Jesse was arrested for walking on a sidewalk. In the jail he was subjected to danger by being put with dangerous inmates. But the Lord did his own work, using Jesse in the jail to preach.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.893315
Retrieved Text: 1. These rules may be cited as the District, Industrial and Intermediate Courts Rules 1992.
These rules shall regulate the practice and proceedings of District Courts in the exercise of their civil jurisdiction and, where appropriate, the practice of Industrial and Intermediate Courts in similar matters.
3. The Magistrate of every District shall attend and hold the District Court every day except a public holiday. A public notice in writing of the day and hour on which the Court shall be held shall be put up previously in some conspicuous place in the Court House and in the Clerk's office. And where any day or hour so appointed for holding the Court shall be altered, notice of such alteration shall immediately be posted in like manner.
4. A Magistrate may, from time to time, hold additional and adjourned Courts whether in term or vacation, as he may determine, and on such days and hours as may be appointed by public notice in writing posted up in the Court House and in the Clerk's office.
5. On the day before the holding of the District Court the Clerk shall affix a list of all cases set down for hearing in a conspicuous place in the Court House.
6. The office of the Clerk shall be kept open every day from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., except on Christmas Day, and Sundays, or any other day ap­pointed by the President as a public holiday.
7. Where the Clerk is absent from the Court, the Magistrate may order any other Clerk to replace the Clerk, and to do in Court all

================



======= Instance Index 10343 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: He said that those interrogating him would try to use these food items as inducements to get him to co - operate . RPK said he did not want to be beholden to them . They will use favours they grudgingly grant and use these as trade offs .
Question: Where may he be ?
Options: 
- None of the above choices .
 - A restaurant
 - School
 - The police station

Target Text: The police station

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.291832
Retrieved Text: May I sit with ya?
Excuse me, I am glad you placed a handle on that.
But where you planned on sitting at?
Sorry, Mr. Pretty will be back for his seat.
May I ask...where is he?
He is in the upper room.
Yep, his first name is Confidence.
I'll holla at ya a' lil' lata, Ms. Pretty.
He wonders if Mr. Pretty knows what he got?
She wonders if he knows she is waiting on God?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.216832
Retrieved Text: I wonder if this thought ever occurred to Rick Perry: If a would-be presidential assailant is undeterred by Secret Service agents with Uzis, why would he be deterred by a presidential candidate packing heat? Does he think that if Ronald Reagan had been packing a Glock that fateful day 30 years ago, he would have gotten the drop on John Hinckley?
If Rick Perry is our next president and he has a like-minded Congress, guns on the Senate floor may not be a laughing matter. They may well be the way things are in an American nightmare where, in political discourse, the guns speak louder than the rhetoric.
Where Does Rick Perry Stand on the Issues?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.20176
Retrieved Text: Benefit fraud - What is benefit fraud?
1 : What is benefit fraud?
Working and claiming Are working and not telling us or not telling us about a wage increase, change of or additional jobs, going self employed, or increasing net profit of their business over time.
Failing to declare either savings/capital or the ownership of another property/land elsewhere (for which they may be receiving rent or may have recently Sold). Anything that gives you access to capital or savings could be classed as a capital asset and you must tell us.
Fails to declare all of their income, knowing or intending that the non-declaration will increase their benefit award.
Failing to declare the presence of a partner who may be working or not, knowing or intending that this would affect their entitlement.
Failure to declare the presence of other adults living in the property, in order to preserve or increase entitlement to benefit.
This is where the owner of a property falsely states that he or she is paying rent to occupy what is, in fact, his or her own property, usually inventing a fictitious landlord to do so.
Where a claimant fails to declare that he/she has moved, but continues to accept payments of Housing Benefit for their previous address, they are committing fraud.
This fraud may occur where a person is claiming for an address at which he or she is not in fact living. This type of offence may occur with the collusion of the landlord or other tenants.
This is where a landlord continues to receive benefit paid directly to him/her

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.134075
Retrieved Text: Robert Mack Netherton, 61, of Dillon, died suddenly May 23, 2017, of a massive heart attack. He was a devoted husband and loving father who cherished his family and loved living in the mountains.
Bob was born in Southwest City, Missouri, as a leap-year baby on Feb. 29, 1956, and grew up in Miami, Oklahoma, as a jock. He went to college on a baseball scholarship but his sense of adventure called him to Alaska, where he worked in the oil industry at Prudhoe Bay and, later, on the Exxon Valdez oil spill. He settled in Anchorage and flourished in his career as an editor at the Anchorage Times, where he stayed for 20 years. He then moved to Mesa, Arizona, where he continued to distinguish himself as a copy editor for the Mesa Tribune.
Bob moved to Summit County in 1999 and became a copy editor for the Summit Daily News. He was then drawn to another opportunity working as an executive recruiter for the JRP Group, where he has worked and excelled in placing banking officials across the country for the last 15 years.
He delighted in the offerings of Summit County and was particularly fond of umpiring for the Summit County Softball League, where all his friends called him, “Blue.” He loved to fish on Lake Dillon and enjoyed hiking nearby trails with his faithful and devoted dog, Jed. He was kind to everyone and was generous in his spirit and love. Survivors include his wife, Martha Netherton of Dillon; his son Clinton Netherton and his

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.118967
Retrieved Text: Catalan painter Manel Anoro presents his latest works at the Campton Gallery, New York, next Thursday 08 May. The Campton Gallery is located in New York’s Soho district, well known for its art scene.
The show will be on for two weeks, and will be the artist’s 12th exhibition in New York. Anoro’s career has developed mainly in the United States, where he has held, with this, thirty-eight solo exhibitions.
The works shown, reminiscent of the French fauvist movement from the beginning of the last century, include his personal experiences of his life and travels in Morocco, Senegal, Cuba and the Dominican Republic. He also paints his homeland landscapes of Menorca, where he spends half of the year, and Girona where he has recently moved to his new studio.
The exhibition will be opened from 08 to 22 May. Hours: Monday to Saturday, 11h to 18h, Sunday, 12h to 18h. Campton Gallery 451 West Broadway, 212-387-0208.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.098686
Retrieved Text: Beginning in early December, and running through May 15th, New City will be offering a Strings Talent Class in the mornings. Violin, viola, cello and bass will be taught in this class. The instructor will be Michael Dunsmoor, who holds an MA degree from Webster University in Instrumental Conducting. He is currently teaching at Missouri Baptist University where he is the String Ensemble Director and in the Webster Groves High School District where he teaches after school strings. He has a passion for seeing young musicians grow and has instructed students of all ages both privately and in the classroom.
The cost for this December-May, twice-weekly class is $350. If you are interested, please contact Tobie in the Extended Day office at ttaylor-hudson@newcityschool.org.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.084915
Retrieved Text: I’m sure Shorebird fans are pleased that my prediction that Trey Mancini would skip a level and advance to Frederick coming off a season where he was named the Topps NY-Penn League Player of the Year did not come to pass. Instead, Mancini is hitting a cool .310/0/23/.736 OPS for Delmarva.
Now those stats don’t match the .328/3/35/.832 OPS he had for Aberdeen in his first taste of professional ball out of Notre Dame, but after a homestand where Trey went 13-for-32 (.406) with three doubles and six knocked in, Mancini may be on his way to matching those numbers. But a lot was expected from the eighth-round Oriole pick last year, and since he just turned 22 during spring training Trey is on a good track. Mancini is also something of an oddity, a warm-weather product (Florida native) who went north to play his collegiate ball.
Going forward, though, Mancini may need to develop a little versatility seeing that he’s a couple levels behind another hard-hitting Oriole first baseman prospect in Christian Walker, not to mention Chris Davis holding down the fort in Baltimore. At the very worst he may need to see a little time in left field, where his arm strength (or lack thereof, being a regular first baseman) wouldn’t be a liability.
It usually takes a season or two of professional ball for power hitters to find their way, and Trey reportedly is a highlight reel buring batting practice. (I also found where he won the Big East Conference home run derby in 2012.) So

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.063652
Retrieved Text: On the other hand He can heal all wounds. He is not constrained by time; He can go back and heal wounds from years past. He knows us. He knows how to lovingly challenge our idols. But we must be willing to respond with obedience to what we hear.
Search our souls O God that we may honor you that we may be clean temples where your glory can dwell.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.059642
Retrieved Text: Groups running sausage sizzles and claiming charity donation tax credits may find their money taken off them, Inland Revenue warns.
The Inland Revenue Commissioner today issued a revenue alert highlighting concerns about arrangements entered into to get a tax credit where there has not been a true gift of money.
Revenue alerts were issued about twice a year to provide information about significant or emerging issues of concern to IRD.
"While almost everyone who is donating money is doing it correctly, Inland Revenue is seeing cases where arrangements have been entered into where the payment made to a charity is not a true gift of money," IRD's chief tax counsel Graham Tubb said.
He said a lot of the cases were just misunderstandings.
For example, charities avoiding their GST liability, but as a result also generating donation tax credits in circumstances where the money being donated really comes from a fundraising event and may not even belong to the donor -- such as a sausage sizzle.
"You essentially do see arrangements between a local charitable entity of some sort... running some type of event which wouldn't normally generate donation tax credits.
"The surplus is accumulated and then passed on by the interposed person who's said to run the [sausage sizzle] sale, whereas in reality it's really the community group itself that is doing it and that person then makes a donation of proceeds."
It created a donation credit out of a situation where there should not be one, he said.
IRD would take steps to recover ineligible payments and could impose penalties, he said.
"It is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.048537
Retrieved Text: Since 1986, Charlie Buttrey has been one of the premier personal injury lawyers in the Upper Valley. He has tried cases in courts throughout both New Hampshire and Vermont, and has obtained verdicts and settlements that have resulted in millions of dollars of compensation being awarded to his clients.
If you have been injured, just getting through the day can be a challenge. You may be hospitalized for a period of time, you may miss work, you may need lengthy therapy, you may be in pain, you may not be able to care for your loved ones, you may simply be overwhelmed. Having an experienced, compassionate attorney at your side will go a long way to easing your anxiety. Charlie will deal with all of the legal matters – your medical expenses, your unpaid bills, the claims adjusters – while you can focus on what’s important: getting back on your feet. There is never a charge for an initial consultation, and clients may choose to hire Charlie on a contingency basis, which means that they do not pay any legal fees until they have been fully compensated.
Charlie graduated in 1977 from the Phillips Exeter Academy in Exeter, New Hampshire, where he was captain and MVP of the Varsity Wrestling Team, and a New England interscholastic champion in his weight class. In 1981, he graduated from Princeton University, where he was a varsity athlete and Senior Class President. He graduated, with honors, from Vermont Law School, where he was chair of the Honor Committee, in 1986.
Charlie has practiced

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.040393
Retrieved Text: The casino is an interesting, colorful, and lively place. The minute you step inside one, you'll find yourself immediately drawn into the action on the floor. First-timers may even be mesmerized by all the colors, the machines, the chatter. Best of all, you'll meet a lot of people – individuals from different sectors of society – inside a casino.
This person can be in his late 20s or early 30s. He has always wanted to try his luck at the casino and now that he finally has the money, he decides to spend the night playing. He first tries out the slot machines, and as he starts collecting wins, he moves on to the poker table, where he wins some more. His beginner's luck may irritate some players, but he does not really care. All that he knows is he's finally living his dream!
Grandma and grandpa's idea of a romantic getaway is a trip to the casino, where they spend the whole night trying out all the slot machines. They'll be wearing matching floral outfits, too! They have with them a small bag, where they intend to keep their winnings. They may hit the jackpot from time-to-time, but what they're really enjoying is the free entertainment, the free drinks, and each other's company.
This guy does not really know what he is doing. He plays poker even if he does not understand the game. He goes to the Blackjack table, places a bet, and plays, even if he does not know what he has to do to win.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.02561
Retrieved Text: § 165. An adverbial clause of place defines the place or the direction of the action expressed in the principal clause. It may be introduced by one of the following conjunctions: where, whence, wherever, everywhere (that) and conjunctive adverbs with prepositions. A clause introduced by wherever can express direction as well as position.
He was standing where he always had stood, on the rug before the living-room fire.
From where he stood he could see nothing.
Wherever they came people greeted them enthusiastically.
Why can’t we go where it’s warm?
He took a chair whence he could see the street.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.989143
Retrieved Text: Learn how to encourage your child's increasing independence and endless imagination through play, routine, and relationships. From "Magic of Everyday Moments—Series 2."
Two-year-olds often spend a lot of time in the world of pretend. When you watch your child and join in (while letting him be the director) you will learn a lot about what he is thinking and feeling. He may make up stories where he is the dad who goes to work and you are the child left at home or in child care. He may be the king who gets everything he wants!
There may be some big adjustments ahead for both of you, as well. You might be considering preschool. Learning to use the potty may be on the horizon. Perhaps there is a new baby coming into the picture. You may be concerned about how your toddler will adjust…or how you will handle two! These are all opportunities to help your child learn to cope with life’s changes.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.989043
Retrieved Text: Spaces: Where Are You And Where Do You Want To Be?
connections with others who may not be like you, and the third space is an environment where you have no relationships. He referenced the story in Acts 17:17 where Paul wanted to reach the Romans in Athens. The first place he went was to the religious. You might ask the question, how he was going to reach the Romans if he went to the church?
This first place he described was our comfortable zone or space being inside the church. This is the place where we can talk openly and comfortably about God and what he means, using the terminology and language that we use inside church without reference to actual meaning. This is the place we’re most comfortable where we don’t have to do anything different. We can be who we are in church and not be relatable to anyone else outside. This is the place where we use our Sunday language, and we don’t have to think of how that sounds to anyone else.
The second space he talked about was outside the church. This may be your place of work or among friends and neighbors. In Acts:17:17, “Paul spoke daily in the public square to all who happened to be there.” In this place, if we still use our Sunday language and attempt to talk to others about God, people may not be that receptive to hearing. We are in a middle ground of their turf vs our turf. It’s a place where we can

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.988022
Retrieved Text: Hoyt Everett Newman, 77, of Clendenin, went home to be with the Lord Thursday, May 24, 2018, at home after a long illness.
He was the son of the late Elva Geraldine Osborne Davis. He was also preceded in death by his brother, Robert Newman.
Hoyt was owner and operator of the Clendenin Dairy Queen since 1977. He also worked for Columbia Gas Transmission. He was a 50-year member of Clendenin Lodge #126, Eastern Star Thelma Chapter 24 Clendenin, Scottish Rite Bodies and the Beni Kedem Shrine. Hoyt was a Korean War veteran where he received the Korean Citation, Veterans Citation for the Army in the 2nd Infantry Division. He served as Commander for the American Legion Post 61 where he received many honors, such as, Post Commander of the Year Div. III in 2001. Hoyt was a member of the VFW where he served as the VFW State Junior Commander Dept. of WV.
He is survived by: wife, Sandy Ryder Newman; daughter, Angela (Scott) Freyberg; son, Paul (Tina) Newman; grandsons, Joshua Newman, Jacob (Amy) Elkins and Jared Freyberg; great – granddaughters, Aubrey and Allyson Elkins; sister, Julia Davis; special friends, Homer Rucker, Sam Harper, Jim Shafer, Jack Belcher, and cousin, Kenny Drennen; furry friend, Gypsy.
The Visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m. Saturday, May 26, at Matics Funeral Home, Clendenin. The Funeral will be 2 p.m. Sunday, May 27, at Mount Pleasant Baptist Church, with Pastor Lee Swor officiating. Burial will be at Tyler Mountain Memory Gardens with Masonic Lodge #126 performing Graveside Rites and American Legion

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.987736
Retrieved Text: It's been awhile since the Intimate crew has thrown a shaker at the beloved Open Studios. Join us as we return with one of the true Detroit Techno originators, KEVIN SAUNDERSON.
Kevin Saunderson is an American electronic music producer. At the age of nine he moved to Belleville, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit where he attended Belleville High School and befriended two students, Derrick May and Juan Atkins. Saunderson, with Atkins and May, (often called the "Belleville Three"), is considered to be one of the originators of techno, specifically Detroit techno.
Kevin Saunderson is an American electronic music producer. At the age of nine he moved to Belleville, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit where he attended Belleville High School and befriended two students, Derrick May and Juan Atkins.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.966795
Retrieved Text: So if a stranger asks Mark where he lives, Mark may reasonably convince them he lives far away from Portland.
Doctors say Mark may think he lives someplace he lived 20 years ago. For a listing of all 3 locations he lived in the last 30 years click here.
SLEEPING IN UNKNOWN VEHICLES: Two days prior to his disappearance, Mark fell asleep in a pizza delivery vehicle. Mark did not know the car or the owner. The driver found Mark and woke him, but this indicates Mark may be far outside Riddle.
COVERING UP CONFUSION: Whenever pressed about how he was feeling, Mark insisted, in his typical affable manner, “I am just fine.” Mark covered up confusion to family and friends. Mark often did not know where his tent was during the Cycle Oregon event, but when friends offered to help find it, Mark said he did not need help.
STANDING ALONE: Mark was frequently seen standing alone for long periods of time.
BRAIN ISSUE: Doctors say Mark's painful headaches in recent weeks and loss of memory may indicate a physiological brain abnormality. In theory, this would cause the behaviors above.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.957949
Retrieved Text: Jacksonville police arrested Mark Daryl Chan, who lives less than 300 feet from Englewood Elementary, where police said he threatened to attack and shoot up the students at the elementary school. He was located Friday at Baptist Medical Center Downtown, where he was receiving mental health treatment, for which he has a history, the reports said. Police said he denied owning a firearm.
Many times, those accused of Jacksonville criminal threat charges have misperceptions and concerns for their freedom. Often, the individual charged is accused of making a threat by someone they know, even a family member. Threat charges majorly depend on who said what to whom, the case may seem like a “he said, she said” situation, making one confused as to how to handle the charge or where to turn.
–	appears to be one that the person making the threat can actually carry out.
A threat may be a “credible threat” under Florida law even if one does not actually intend the threat to be carried out or is incarcerated. The subjective mind and impression made on the person who receives the threat matters; the intentions of the accused are considered irrelevant.
Even though many are guilty of extortion, many times, the accused is the actual victim of a false accusation. In many common situations where pets or children’s belongings are stolen, the accused is merely the good neighbor who wants to help and is wrongfully accused. Other times, denial of reward money existing for the lost item, in order to save face, is the cause of an

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.948062
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He is really quick. He can be outstanding in the field. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.945472
Retrieved Text: In order to fully understand how to deal with alcoholism, it is important for one to know everything that there is to know about it. One of the most important things to know is that alcoholism is usually categorized by four stages. By going through each and every stage of alcoholism, one may be able to better handle the situation efficiently. Below are the four stages of alcoholism.
During this stage, an individual is fully aware of what is going on. Drinking alcohol is done as a social thing. The individual may also drink as a way to relax and just have fun with friends or family. Below are some of the symptoms that may be observed during this stage.
The individual also starts taking alcohol in much larger quantities than normal.
The individual ensures that all bottles or glasses are emptied just so there is no wastage.
The individual may also be very careful in looking for opportunities to drink: for example parties and other functions that present the possibilities of drinking.
In this stage, an individual is still in control of all that is going on but is presented by a lot of difficulty in making decisions. Indeed one may even be able to resist the temptations to drink but most of the times he or she chooses not to. Some of the symptoms that may occur at this stage may include the following.
The individual takes a much higher quantity of alcohol and as a result may experience black outs during drinking sessions.
The individual is also likely to develop

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.940842
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He can develop into a decent slugger. He has decent speed. He can be outstanding in the field. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.937498
Retrieved Text: Have you ever questioned wether or not God was there? Have you been through times where God was silent? Today I am reminded of the many times in my own life where I really wondered where God was. Those times were great trials of my faith and I had to look to find where I could get strength and hope. I had to search and find God in the midst of the deafening silence. God had to remind me to remember my past experiences where I heard God loud and clear. I looked back in past journals where I had written down personal testimonies and scriptures that had ministered to me. I also turned to the Bible. There are countless stories recorded in the pages of the Bible that remind us of God's faithfulness and truth. Just think about Joseph, who over 13 years of trials and test never discounted the dream God had placed in his heart. He had to be ridiculed. He went to jail. He wasn't believed. No one seemed to be on his side, but he still trusted God. God asked Abraham to leave everything he knew (comfort place) and move to a new land with new challenges and no one for support. Even Jesus as he hung on the cross had a moment of desperation where He cried out to the Father "why have You forsaken me?" God had not left Him. God was only being silent. God had a plan, but at that moment there seemed to be no hope.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.933995
Retrieved Text: Beloved, as we read this portion of Scripture from the Gospel of Luke we learn some principles for our mission field. First we learn that it is the Lord that has appointed us and sent us, “the Lord appointed seventy others also, and sent them two by two.” Beloved, the location that the Lord has placed us is where He desires to use us. Allow the Lord to minister in you so that He may minister through you. Remember you have been appointed by Jesus Himself to reach the lost of your mission field.
Second, we learn that the Lord does not send us to a location that He did not first intend to visit, “where He Himself intended to visit.” In other words, Jesus always goes before us. Beloved, as we minister out on our mission field, whether it be work, or school or a foreign country, we need to take comfort that Jesus not only has sent us but He has gone before us. This truth is especially important when the times get difficult and results may not be what we anticipated. We need to trust that Jesus is faithful and true to His Word.
Finally we learn that the harvest is great, “The harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few.” Beloved, the harvest may not look great but we need to remember that the Lord desires to do a work inside before He messes with the outside. In other words, that drunk on the street corner may be our harvest! When Pastor Steve

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.932063
Retrieved Text: Joseph L. Gunter, passed away on Sunday, March 25, 2007, after a brief battle with cancer. He was born in Oakgrove, Louisiana on January 16, 1937. His family moved to California where he enlisted in the U.S. Navy at the age of 17. He honorably served his country in Vietnam where he was wounded and was awarded the Purple Heart. Later he served on the USS Henry W. Tucker and the USS Mars. He retired in 1971. He loved cats and over his retirement had many furry friends around his home. He was always willing to help out with a project. Where he was building a jungle gym or a fence or watering the yard when others were on vacation he was always there. He will be missed and will always be loved.
Memorial Service to be held on Monday, May 28, 2007 at 100 p.m. at the American LegionKarl Ross Post 16 located at 2020 Plymouth Road, Stockton, CA 95204.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.91146
Retrieved Text: Where the 'doer' is inanimate, or is animate but the action is not under their control, and the 'causer' is animate, the exact roles of the 'doer' and 'causer' vary according to the verb.The 'causer' may hold ultimate responsibility for the action, even though he or she does not intend to cause the action.
The vase broke when it fell on the floor.
He broke the vase when he dropped it on the floor.
The 'causer' may provide the conditions in which a natural process takes place.
The 'causer' may not cause the action at all, but may be affected by the action, for example by suffering an injury.
The 'doer' may not do anything, but may be affected by the action.
The bucket filled in two minutes.
He filled the bucket in two minutes.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.90346
Retrieved Text: 50th Anniversary of the Metropolitan Sewerage System . . . Where we have been, where we are, and where we may be going.
A walk down memory lane of how wastewater was managed, which may be a surprise to some, and an overview of how we do things today. The presentation will be topped off with the latest on where we may be headed in the future with wastewater management and reuse.
Cheryl Lester holds a BS in Chemistry from San Diego State University and has worked for the City of San Diego since 1986. She started her City career in the Industiral Waste Program as a chemist doing sampling and analysis of industrial dischargers to the sewer system. The Enviromental Services Department caught her eye in 1990 and she stayed for 20 years where she managed the City’s hazardous waste and residential household hazardous waste programs along with assisting with anything related to hazardous waste issues such as legal cases and large City construction projects. Cheryl came back to her roots in 2012 to the Public Utilities Department where she now manages the San Diego Metropolitan Sewerage System which includes a team of 275 staff who operate, maintain, and support all of the wastewater treatement plants and large pumping stations.
Jeffery Pasek is the Watershed Manager for the Public Utilities Department. He oversees the management of water and other natural resource on 42,000 acres of land owned by the department around the City’s source water reservoirs. He also guides the department’s interaction with other governmental entities and private

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.8996105
Retrieved Text: Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D), a former pediatric neurologist, waded into the controversy Wednesday, telling WTOP radio that third-trimester abortions are done with "the consent of obviously the mother, with consent of the physician, multiple physicians by the way, and it’s done in cases where there may be severe deformities or there may be a fetus that’s not viable."
"This is extremely heartbreaking for me," Reeves said on "America's Newsroom" Thursday. "I'm actually appalled by it."
He said this bill goes "way beyond" Roe v. Wade and legalized abortion, and he revealed that the bill failed in the state senate by one vote.
He warned that pro-choice advocates are taking a "systematic" approach to passing the legislation, and he predicted that "one way or another" they'll get it passed.
"That goes to the bigger picture nationally of where the Democrat Party is today," Reeves said. "And I think this speaks volumes."
On "Fox News @ Night," Shannon Bream reported that 81 percent of people are opposed to third-trimester abortions, according to a May 2018 Gallup poll.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.896824
Retrieved Text: Scouting Report: He can be a very good hitter. He can develop into a decent slugger. He will always be a below average fielder. He is getting to the age where his skills may decline quickly.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.896782
Retrieved Text: Jesse explores more instances of persecution for preaching the Gospel in America. Jesse's writing is not theoretical, but of his own experiences in this, the land of the free with guarantees of free speech. Jesse shows how even though a person may seek to witness and preach within the confines of the law -- asking police where he can preach -- it is no assurance that he may not be arrested and jailed.
Even though asking the police where he could preach, Jesse was arrested for walking on a sidewalk. In the jail he was subjected to danger by being put with dangerous inmates. But the Lord did his own work, using Jesse in the jail to preach.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.893315
Retrieved Text: 1. These rules may be cited as the District, Industrial and Intermediate Courts Rules 1992.
These rules shall regulate the practice and proceedings of District Courts in the exercise of their civil jurisdiction and, where appropriate, the practice of Industrial and Intermediate Courts in similar matters.
3. The Magistrate of every District shall attend and hold the District Court every day except a public holiday. A public notice in writing of the day and hour on which the Court shall be held shall be put up previously in some conspicuous place in the Court House and in the Clerk's office. And where any day or hour so appointed for holding the Court shall be altered, notice of such alteration shall immediately be posted in like manner.
4. A Magistrate may, from time to time, hold additional and adjourned Courts whether in term or vacation, as he may determine, and on such days and hours as may be appointed by public notice in writing posted up in the Court House and in the Clerk's office.
5. On the day before the holding of the District Court the Clerk shall affix a list of all cases set down for hearing in a conspicuous place in the Court House.
6. The office of the Clerk shall be kept open every day from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., except on Christmas Day, and Sundays, or any other day ap­pointed by the President as a public holiday.
7. Where the Clerk is absent from the Court, the Magistrate may order any other Clerk to replace the Clerk, and to do in Court all

================



======= Instance Index 8839 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: We are looking for someone who is retired or works from home who can dedicate a lot of time and attention to her . She is not a dog that can be left outside or left alone for hours at a time . She needs the company of " her people " .
Question: What are they looking for ?
Options: 
- A friend for the dog
 - None of the above choices .
 - A baby sitter
 - A dog sitter

Target Text: A dog sitter

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.363908
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the people coming to your website know exactly what they are looking for and exactly what it is called. A typical example of this is when a person goes online to buy toner for their laser printer. They know exactly what the toner cartridge model number is or they know exactly what printer model they need the toner cartridge to fit.
People on a search for a known-item are best served with a strong hierarchical navigation layout that is intuitive to use as well as a website search feature. Be sure that the search feature on your website allows people who misspell what they are searching for to still find the proper results. Nothing is more aggravating when you’re searching than getting bad search results just because of a spelling problem. This is really about enabling the shopper to find what they are looking for without slowing them down.
This situation is typical when a person is aware of a need, but aren’t yet certain what the solution will be. For example, someone is looking for a desktop scanner. They know they need a scanner. They want one with a fairly small footprint, but they aren’t sure which brand or which model will be the best solution for them.
In this situation, the best way to help them find the solution on your website, instead of them going elsewhere, is to make sure you have two different kinds of navigation in place. Firstly, you’ll need a good hierarchical navigation model (think: category, sub-category, product) so that they can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.258474
Retrieved Text: Dear Father, let's say that Your Word tells us not to look at the sun. Your command is for our own good. You know the damage that will occur to our eyesight if we look at the sun. We don't like You telling us what to do. We are rebels from God. We are our own little gods. We will determine for ourselves what is right and what is wrong. To declare our independence from You, we proclaim that what You say is right is now wrong and what You say is wrong is now right. We become advocates for looking at the sun because Your Word had said it was wrong to do. However, there's a problem. There are other people who know that looking at the sun is bad for our eyes. They speak out, making a case publicly that people should not look at the sun. They state or imply that God knew what He was doing telling us not to look at the sun. They strike our nerve. We are furious. How dare they tell us we can't look at the sun? How dare they take a stand for God's command? Are they suggesting we can't decide what's right and wrong for ourselves? Are they suggesting we can't do whatever we want? Why do they "hate" us so? Haters! We must stop them from talking about the dangers of looking at the sun. We will organize. We will petition. We will protest. We will march. We will mount a campaign to persuade

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.147317
Retrieved Text: What Are Your Goals? What is Your Strategy?
People come to me looking for a J-O-B with few clear goals about what they are looking for and how they will find it. Here’s how to start.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.075169
Retrieved Text: Open evenings are an excellent way of finding out if a university is right for you, but it's important to ask the right questions. Here is our list of questions you should ask at open evenings to ensure you pick the right place to study.
What you are looking for: that students go on study at the sort of universities, or on to careers that are similar to those that you expect to go on to.
What you are looking for: Find out what opportunities there are to take part in the sports/activities that you are interested in. Sometimes facilities are not on site, or have limited access, so make sure you know what is available and when.
What you are looking for: Sometimes courses are ‘grouped’, and sometimes you are free to choose any combination. You’ll want to check that you can study the qualifications, and more importantly the combination of qualifications you want.
What you are looking for: Class sizes are a sometimes a good way of working out how much attention you’ll receive in lessons. Smaller is usually better, but this isn’t everything. It is important to know if there is time to talk to teachers about your specific needs/learning alongside or within your lessons.
What you are looking for: You will want to make sure that you’ll get the support you need, whether it is for something like dyslexia, or if you have a one-off worry, getting access to help easily and quickly is important.
What you are looking for: When sixth forms are part of larger schools

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.023934
Retrieved Text: Wikiday is a front-end to Wikipedia that makes the site inviting, explorable and delightful for someone who does not know what they are looking for.
1 - The design of Wikipedia is clunky and it isn't clear for the user that the "On this day..." section of the website exists.
2 - The only way to get to the content is through the homepage and users don't go to the homepage of Wikipedia. They instead google what they are looking for and directly go to the page.
For my reinterpretation of Wikipedia's "On this day..." I created a platform called "Wikiday". It would be hosted independently from Wikipedia's main website, though it would use the same database. Similar to the "Curator Table" project, users might not know what they are looking for, so the experience must put on delightfulness before eficiency.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.022129
Retrieved Text: Tired of dating and find your singles circle is dwindling because they’ve all hooked up, and you’re still Looking for Marriage? Maybe you tried marriage too early in life, it didn’t work, and now that you’re older and successfully established you’re also Looking for Marriage. It’s a dating minefield out there, so when you’re Looking for Marriage it can be quite a challenge.
For many people the idea of remaining single all their lives is not something they like tocontemplate. There are many advantages of being single, but there is something to be said for life long companionship with someone you really love. This is likely why you are Looking for Marriage with a person who gets you, and that you enjoy not just physically but also mentally, a soul mate, a friend.
With the world being so global now in its outlook, it’s quite normal to find yourself in a big city that is populated with singles who come from all kinds of cultural and religious backgrounds. The world has become a village in some respects, and many people find their minds and hearts opened as they begin to experience and accept the way other people live and what they believe in.
It’s important to know if a person’s cultural and religious origin is a deal breaker for you when Looking for Marriage. Are you interested or prepared to experience new things and new ideas? Do you have a spirit of adventure and would you be willing to engage with the idea of meeting someone who is not

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.011876
Retrieved Text: Whether you are a blogger or a small business owner, then at some point you may need to have to deal with competition. Competition can take customers or visitors from your site, so it is important to know what to do. First of all, almost everywhere you look around you are going to find some sort of competition. The best way to deal with it is to offer your visitors or customers what they are looking for. Are they looking for information about blogging? If so, then write about blogging. Are they looking for advice about relationships? If such topic fits with your blog, then you may want to write about it as well. The key is to offer what your visitors/customers want.
« Do Long Distance Relationships Work?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.00627
Retrieved Text: Adzuna, the online search company, and The Guardian have got together to work out what employers are really looking for.
Adzuna searched for the words most often used in job adverts, and The Guardian's Leo Benedictus writes on what they really mean.
Below are ideas from Benedictus and others on what employers are looking for, together with UnemployedNet's ideas.
One thing to remember is that job descriptions are sometimes created by committee, and ideas can be thrown in because they were mentioned at a meeting rather than because they are important to a job.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.9859
Retrieved Text: Does the sentence “Aren't they pretty!” mean “They are pretty.”?
Does the sentence "Aren't they pretty!" mean "They are pretty."?
With the exclamation mark, it does mean that the speaker thinks "they are pretty" and expresses it out.
If it were written with a question mark ("Aren't they pretty?") it would be a question, still suggesting the same thought, but perhaps looking for confirmation from the listener.
Note, however, that in some cases the negative question is a request for confirmation of a negative belief - which has the opposite meaning. For example, "aren't you coming?" may suggest that I suspect you are not coming.
You can find a longer discussion here.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning exclamatives or ask your own question.
What does “they blew everyone away” mean?
In, “They are talking cars and deals”, what does “deals” mean?
What's the meaning of “pretty darn foxy” “yourself”?
“they say she had a pretty hand” - What does it mean?
What does “They went to Florida for the winter.” mean?
What does “That’s pretty much all I read”?
What does “crushing” mean in the sentence?
What does “earth” mean in this sentence?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.971056
Retrieved Text: The internet has changed shopping as they know it. What most people don’t realize though is that amazing coupons, discounts and sales can be found online with a little bit of searching. The next time you do online shopping, considering utilizing the following tips.
Search engines are very useful to finding coupons and sales if they are used correctly. In order to find what you are looking for type in the word “sale”, “coupon” or “discount” into the search engine along with the item you want to buy. For example, if you are looking for an online sale for televisions, type the words “television” and “online sale” into the search engine. This simple process can sometimes save hundreds of dollars.
There are many websites that are devoted to finding and posting sales for users. Many of these websites are free, but they may require that you subscribe to them. Some websites will post new sales several times a day so you will need to check them often and might have to do a little bit of searching to find what you are looking for. You can find these websites by searching the internet for them. There are many websites to choose from so you are bound to find one that will meet your particular shopping needs.
If you have a favorite online store that you like to shop at, you can usually sign up to receive emails when they are going to have a sale. Sometimes they will let you buy items on sale before they are advertised to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.9426155
Retrieved Text: Who Usually Sits in on a Group Interview?
What are you likely to be asked?
Potential Department Manager – needs to know what skills you will bring to the team. This person will want to establish what you are like in an every day working role. They will also want to know whether you are a team player, what your relevant experience is and whether you will need much training.
Director or MD – they will want to know what you will bring to the company overall. They will also want to ensure you will represent the company in a positive manner and depending on the job role they may be looking for signs of a leadership spirit or an entrepreneurial flair.
HR Manager – likely to scrutinise your professional CV to find out why you have left previous positions. The HR Manager will want to know what sort of hours you want to work, what motivates you at work, what salary you are looking for and what kind of progression you are looking for. They will also run through company policies such as breaks and holiday entitlement.
How should you prepare for a group interview?
Writing a professional looking CV and cover letter and bringing several copies to the interview stage is a good idea. Although group interviews can be a little nerve wracking, you should be proud of how far you have come in the interview process. To prepare spend some time thinking about what each person is likely to ask and how best to answer it. During the interview

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.936081
Retrieved Text: How should I respond to an employee who says they are job hunting?
It might seem like a strange decision to notify an employer that you are looking to leave before actually landing another role but there are various reasons why someone might choose to do so and how you respond as an employer might affect their choice to stay or go.
If, as a manager, you have a good relationship and regular catch ups with employees then hopefully any comment regarding leaving shouldn’t be too much of a shock! If you discuss career progression and their role with them at reviews, you should know what they are looking for and therefore have an idea if they are at risk of leaving. Nonetheless, even the most seemingly engaged employees can still decide to leave for various reasons.
To find out why they may be looking to move arrange a catch up with them, give them the opportunity to explain what type of role they are looking for and why they feel that leaving the company is the best option. You want to find out if there are push or pull factors making them look elsewhere, or if there is anything that you could do to retain them in the business. We would always advise that the business seriously considers the situation before making any counter offer, as depending on the reason it may just delay them leaving by a few months and have a negative impact on other team members.
Whilst it can be disheartening as a manager, employees don’t

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.931456
Retrieved Text: We were talking in the Writers Chat about the importance of having other eyes to help us see more clearly. It fell right in line with what was shared at Craft Content Nashville as well as what I was teaching in my session.
You struggle to see you because you are on the inside looking out. Those that are on the outside looking in can see you from a different perspective – in part because they are looking from a different perspective, but also because they don’t have the preset limitations that you have for your journey.
When determining the strengths – and even the weaknesses – that you have in your life and for your journey, talk to some people you trust. Ask them what they see in you. Ask them for words that describe you. Ask them for their insights and directions.
They are not the answer to your journey, but they can help you see with additional clarity. You have more in you than you can image. Seek out those that can read your label and share with you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.9241705
Retrieved Text: “What is the turnover like in the area I’m looking in?” For most seniors looking to buy a home, they are considering purchasing a property that is going to be more of a short-term home. This likely won’t be the “forever home” they bought when their children were growing up. Anyone looking to buy during their retirement years should make sure they talk to their real estate agent about the neighborhood they are looking in and how that neighborhood is performing. It should be a place where they feel confident they can quickly sell again if they need to.
“What is the demographic of the area?” Most seniors are going to want to be in a neighborhood where they can enjoy being around their peers. Chances are, you won’t want to be surrounded by young people who will be up all night or families with lots of young kids running around. A real estate agent should be able to provide this type of information for anyone looking to buy a home.
“How safe is the area surrounding this home?” While looking at a home, it is important that you ask the real estate agent for more information on the neighborhood or area you are considering—especially when it comes to safety. Many seniors who buy after retirement are living alone and it is important to make sure that the home they will be living in is safe.
“Are there any additional fees?” Fees such as HOA costs can make up a majority of a monthly mortgage payment and seniors need

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.923757
Retrieved Text: As we are coming into the low season for orchids in Fiji we have spent some time today looking at alternatives that will bring some colour into one of our upcoming weddings. Bougainvillea’s were the first thing to come to mind and are definitely an understated flower.
We just love the bougainvilleas, they are such a pretty flower especially when they are put together in an arrangement. They are so delicate and soft looking and they are available in so many different colours, they are a really good option in Fiji.
We often get asked what is available in Fiji and most people do not know what Bougainvillea’s are, so hopefully this blog with give you all a great visual on what they look like and what you can do with them, and that they are a really good option for that delicate rose or peonies look a lot of brides are after.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.872282
Retrieved Text: Figuring out who your website visitors are and what their behavior is when they come to your website is one of the hardest things as a marketer to decipher. We want to be as helpful as we can to people visiting our website, but what is it that they are looking for? Are most people looking for the same thing? Or are they looking for something we might not be providing them?
Actually having access to visitor data, including personal information, can go a long way to ensuring your website is as helpful as it could be. GoSquared empowers you know not only what your visitors are looking for, but who they are, with deep people insights, allowing you to connect with them on a personal level.
With such valuable information at your fingertips, having it available in other apps you use can help you be even more productive. Let Zapier help there, as GoSquared is now connected to more than 500+ apps. Track specific external events, recieve SMS messages when website traffic dips or spikes anywhere in the world, or use a spreadsheet app like Google Sheets to archive visitor data for analysis later.
Sign up for GoSquared, and also make sure you have a Zapier account.
Connect your GoSquared account to Zapier.
Check out pre-made GoSquared integrations.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.872097
Retrieved Text: At Augustana, we believe certain individuals are called to "Be a Viking." They understand that in order to create an even better tomorrow, they must explore and discover bold concepts and important ideas today.
These are the stories of AU Vikings.
You may already have answers to these questions.
But, the reality is, many students don’t.
I can relate because I, too, have heard the question, “what’s next for you,” quite often lately as I near the end of my tenure at Augustana and prepare to begin retirement.
And, to tell you the truth, I don’t have an answer.
I have been thinking a lot about it, though. And for me, it’s been helpful to frame my thoughts not around what I’m going to “do next,” but rather to think about what I’m looking for as I begin the next stage of my life.
This line of thinking caused me to consider that the same approach could work for you, too.
When it comes to life after high school, perhaps rather than thinking about what you’re going to do next, maybe you should think about what it is you’re looking for.
Are you looking for a college?
Are you looking for an education that will get you a job?
Or, are you looking for opportunities to create experiences as you build experience? A place where you’re encouraged to knock down walls, build bridges and seek better solutions?
Are you looking for one career?
Or, are you looking for a foundation that will equip you with the knowledge and confidence you’ll need for a lifetime of career opportunities?
Are you looking

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.869827
Retrieved Text: Linen Sheer Tie Top Panel is rated 4.8 out of 5 by 52.
Rated 5 out of 5 by ViviM from Beautiful! I bought these a month ago for a guest bedroom. They are sheer, so blinds behind them will be needed if you want privacy. Walking into the room and seeing these drapes makes me smile!
Rated 5 out of 5 by SpringRain15 from Just what I was looking for... Here is a photo that gives a sense of the transparency (they are the white ones). They are a bit scratchy but the color is just what I was looking for and I expect them to hold up well. Thanks, Ballard!
Rated 5 out of 5 by SusanU from Wonderful purchase These curtains are lovely and well made. They add a fresh new look to my master bedroom. I took advantage of Ballard's product specialist to determine the correct length. I am very pleased.
Rated 5 out of 5 by jip 42 from Just what I wanted These panels arrived exactly as described. The color I choose matched the example online, they are sheer but not see-through, and I really like the tie tops. What a different look.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jill23 from Beautiful linen panels Just hung my linen tie top panels with the French return curtain rods. Looks so pretty! Also helps make my bed look less awkward in front of my windows.
Rated 5 out of 5 by 21jan21 from beautiful fabric Expensive looking,drapes well! Just what I was looking for!!
Rated 5 out of 5

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.869144
Retrieved Text: Don’t waterput hier on some zuigeling of pedestal.
Anyone specifying what you should look like:В If you want to be my friend, it shouldn’t matter what my height or weight or universal appearance is.В If they specify a preference (particularly if they are looking for an ‘attractive’ or ‘getraind’ fresh friend) than they are very likely not looking for just friendship, no matter what they optie.
So effortless even a monkey could do it and you’re smarter than a monkey, right?
Come on people, who the heck are wij fooling?
Back then, I thought, it would be downright stupid spil such feeling would only mean one thing-heartbreak.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.868756
Retrieved Text: After reading scores of police reports for DUI investigations, it’s easy to spot trends in who gets pulled over, where, and why. Many clients are confused about why they were pulled over for what they consider minor traffic violations, and feel like they were targeted.
Night time + leaving an entertainment/dining area + driving error = greater possibility of DUI investigation.
It is true that DUI happens at all times of the day or night. It is also true that officers, especially DUI officers, are looking more closely for impaired drivers at night, when people are most likely to have consumed alcohol in a social setting. You can assume that officers are more alert to traffic violations (that may lead to DUI investigations) from “happy hour” after work, all the way past “last call” at 2 a.m..
It’s not just the time of day that you are driving, it’s also where you’re leaving, or the area you are driving in. Officers often position themselves to watch drivers leaving areas with a lot of bars and restaurants (like Downtown or 4th Ave.), or specific entertainment venues (concert venues, “gentlemen’s clubs”, sports arenas, casinos, etc.). Experienced DUI defense lawyers see a lot of the same intersections listed in clients’ police reports.
So what are they looking for? Reasonable suspicion that you have violated a law. A broken taillight, speeding, going under the speed limit, weaving out of the lane, rapid acceleration, failure to signal, wide turn… these are some of the most common traffic violations that lead to DUI investigations. Law enforcement

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.867836
Retrieved Text: These white lighted branches with cool white lights make the perfect seasonal decor at Christmas and all winter long, or for weddings and other occasions. White branches look great with everything, and cool white LED lights are not only long-lasting but energy efficient. Use standalone as an eye catching decoration, or mix with other decor in vases and urns for amazing decorative accents that add light and beauty to your home or event.
absolutely what we had been looking for!
Absolutely what we had been looking for! They are beautiful, exactly what we were looking for. They are nice and bright (a little brighter than we thought they'd be, but that's okay), and the branches can bend however you need them to. we bent some of the branches down so that you could see them through our clear blue vase that they're in, so it looks like they are lighted from top to bottom. We curled the tops of them into more of an artistic, sculpture-like lighted piece so it doesn't look so christmasy looking, since we're planning on having it up year round. Looks very tim burton-ish that way! I love them and am so happy with this purchase! Customer service was excellent too! Storey answered some questions for me and even did some measurements of the product before I purchased them to make sure that they would work for me. They are perfect!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.856546
Retrieved Text: It’s common that people who are interested in yoga and have the desire to learn and practice yoga in order to know what yoga really is about, they will try to go to a ‘place’, or ‘school’, or ‘ashram’, or ‘person’, where they think and expect that it would deliver them what they are looking for. Some people might found what they were looking for. But for some others, they are disappointed as they couldn’t find what they are looking for.
It is not whether a particular place, or school, or ashram, or person, has the power or quality to make people ‘see’ or ‘find’ yoga, or not. People might go to the same place, or same school, or same ashram, or same person, and some would ‘find’ yoga there, while others couldn’t. This is due to whether our minds are being opened, or not.
Yoga could be ‘found’ or ‘seen’ in anywhere and everywhere, but, if we try to look for yoga in a particular place, or school, or ashram, or person, most likely we will be disappointed, because the mind is not opened. But, when we let go of any expectation towards ‘finding yoga’ in a particular place, school, ashram, or person, and stop trying to look for yoga in a particular place, school, ashram, or person, but, just allowing our minds to be open and observe what is going on in our own minds, in this present, from moment to moment, observing all the impermanent changes of the states of mind, actions and reactions, thoughts

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.854724
Retrieved Text: Uhhh, yeah, the Tony Awards were on tonight. It’s the 72nd one. I didn’t watch it.
I tried to watch it…but…I turned it there when all of that singing was going on.
And that singing they were doing just wasn’t going on for me. So, I turn my DVR back on and went back to looking at Ron Burgundy and them in the Anchorman II.
I love that movie! It’s a hoot, I tell ya! A hoot it is! Only Ron Burgundy can raise and bottle feed a shark that comes back looking for him just so the shark can eat him.
Anyhoo, I didn’t look at the 72nd Annual Tony Awards. I know it was on CBS and a gal by the name of Sara Bareilles and a fella by the name of Josh Groban hosted the 72nd Annual Tony Awards.
I don’t know who they are, but I’m sure they did a good job for those checks they got.
Even if they didn’t do a good job, they’ll still get those checks. Yeah…soooo….yeah.
If y’all want to know what all went on during the 72nd Annual Tony Awards, head on over to The Hollywood Reporter, Variety, or The Wrap.
I’m sure those folks have something up there about it. Come to think of it, if the Tony folks want more folks to look at the show they need to show it on Saturday because ain’t nobody looking at that on Sunday.
Sunday is a day of rest and that’s what folks do. They rest. They don’t spend their time looking at award shows

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.849027
Retrieved Text: Often when customers are browsing for a diamond, they are not necessarily looking for a specific retailer or vendor. Instead, they are after a specific cut, carat, or quality. For most customers, this can make shopping for the perfect diamond like looking for a needle in a haystack. This is where DiamondLink comes in.
DiamondLink is a tool designed to help jewelry retailers and vendors efficiently manage their inventory online, by providing an easy way to manage mark-ups and feature diamonds from select diamond suppliers.
DiamondLink is an online tool developed by GemFind, to showcase diamonds from select US diamond suppliers, on retail jewelry websites. With a simple search tool, customers can indicate the specifics of what they are looking for in a diamond. As a result, the customers can quickly connect with you on what they want, providing instant customer satisfaction.
The DiamondLink also provides reports and analytics that allow you to track what customers are searching for, including cut-grade searches, certificate searches, size, and color searches. Knowing what your customers are looking for, will allow you to have a better idea of what your target audience seems to like and specifically cater your jewelry pieces to them.
After adjusting the options to meet their needs, customers will see all of the available diamonds that meet those needs.
GemFind is a leader in the jewelry marketing industry, helping jewelry businesses improve their digital presence and connect to potential customers. Not only does GemFind help jewelry retailers and vendors with providing online tools, but it also provides expert digital marketing and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.847369
Retrieved Text: I wasn't aware but they actually made horn covers for this motorcycle. Anyone have them installed, or know ones that actually fit - I've check ebay and amazon, there are some that say they fit, then you read in comments they don't. Any help is appreciated. Thank You!
Don't they already come with covers?
Perhaps a photo of what you're looking for would help.
I have these. They are attached with copper wires behind the original horn.
Yep, that's what I'm looking for on mine.
Last edited by jalaty; 03-29-2019 at 04:17 AM.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.826886
Retrieved Text: are you on a search to find pizza places in Tulsa? Are you looking for the best pizza places near you? If you have been looking to change up your current routine and you are looking to try some new pizza places near you, you definitely need to try out Gaetano’s Pizza. You will find that they have an awesome authentic pizza that they make. You will be so pleased with the quality of the taste. You will wish you had discovered it sooner. To try it out today, just check out their website. Once you check out their website you can take a look at their photo gallery to see what looks good to you. After you have taken a look at the photo gallery, just give them a call. The number to call to get started is 918-298-1122.
Have you been trying to find pizza places in Tulsa? Have you been trying to find somewhere that you haven’t tried before? If you have never been to Gaetano’s before, you should definitely try out their Pizza! They have an amazing quality of pizza. They offer quality ingredients and Quality Pizza. If you’ve been looking for a good place to try, the answer is Gaetano’s Pizza. Check them out online today or give them a call. They would love to hear from you and answer any questions that you might have.
There are so many different places that you could go to find pizza places around Tulsa, but the place that you should go to find pizza places

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.824347
Retrieved Text: I know you have seen the ads for Wix and SquareSpace and GoDaddy and others touting easy, do-it-yourself, “professional looking websites” that will fit any company budget. Truthfully, they are not lying, you will have a website when you are done. What they don’t tell you is that you will be the only one looking at it.
Creating a professional looking website is really simple these days especially with the services mentioned above. They have great drag and drop design features and stunning templates created by some really talented artists. If you have any technical prowess, you can most likely create a website. However, let me ask you, how are you getting people to visit your site?
So, you tell me that they have great SEO features like keywords and meta tags and you can put in a search term and they will tell you if your site is optimized properly. Great! Did they tell you how competitive those terms are and that you will have to compete against established companies like Amazon and Target for those search terms? Probably not.
What if your search engine optimization isn’t working and you are not appearing on the first page? Do they instruct you on some other techniques like AdWords or Social Media Advertising? Speaking of Social Media, do these sites help you create content to post to social media and help drive traffic to your site? Most likely, not.
My point, if you haven’t guessed by now, is that creating a website whether you spend $100 or $10,000, isn’t going to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.819142
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just looking for a “F*ck Buddy” or are on a quest to find your “Lifelong Love”, there are some surefire ways to practice and attract authenticity as you date. People often complain “All men are liars” or “All women are needy.” My first response is…”Wow, you’ve must have been busy dating ‘everyone!’” When I ask them to tell me who they are, what they are looking for and what they are finding, chances are they aren’t practicing integrity, and therefore, aren’t really showing up as their authentic selves in their relationships or attempts at one.
To read the full article,click here!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.816751
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for luxury property sg than you have come to the right place, they have tons and tons of different properties available. Most of them are beach properties because those are what is popular right now, but if you are looking for an actual home and not just a summer or winter place than this is the place for you. They have literally everything that you could ever imagine in every price range. If you are broke, this is the place for you but if you are looking for a luxury home than this is really the place for you because that is what this company started as. They were initially a place that just sold luxury homes and that is still what they specialize in. Although they do sell the other stuff, they still prefer to sell a good old luxury home and even try to get people to upgrade up to them. They know what makes a luxury home special and they want to try to share that with as many people as possible, so if you are in need of one or just want to browse around because maybe you are thinking about getting one than give someone a call because you do not want to miss your chance to own a luxury home. It is better than anything you could possibly imagine. I simply love mine and you will probably love yours as well. I know that when I purchased my first luxury home many years ago it was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.816498
Retrieved Text: This is your opportunity to tell me why you are looking for a development resource. More importantly, what the goals are. The more information you give me here, the better the solution I will be able to provide. Please feel free to ignore any questions that are not relevant.
With this in mind, what are the top 5 business needs for a development resource?
EG: 20% increase in sales in 6 months, 30% increase in membership this year, reduce admin costs by 15% in 3 months, implement proper development workflow over the next 6 months.
Is there anything about your current website(s) that serves the business well and if so, why?
Tell us about your ideal customer or user. Who are they? How old are they? Where do they hang out online? What are their interests?
Do you have a design already made?
Are you looking to migrate to ConvertKit?
Are you looking to migrate to Drip?
No matter how big or small it is, this only helps to build out the proper and most successful solution for you.

================



======= Instance Index 8840 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: We are looking for someone who is retired or works from home who can dedicate a lot of time and attention to her . She is not a dog that can be left outside or left alone for hours at a time . She needs the company of " her people " .
Question: What are they looking for ?
Options: 
- A baby sitter
 - Someone to watch the dog
 - A friend for the dog
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: Someone to watch the dog

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.363908
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the people coming to your website know exactly what they are looking for and exactly what it is called. A typical example of this is when a person goes online to buy toner for their laser printer. They know exactly what the toner cartridge model number is or they know exactly what printer model they need the toner cartridge to fit.
People on a search for a known-item are best served with a strong hierarchical navigation layout that is intuitive to use as well as a website search feature. Be sure that the search feature on your website allows people who misspell what they are searching for to still find the proper results. Nothing is more aggravating when you’re searching than getting bad search results just because of a spelling problem. This is really about enabling the shopper to find what they are looking for without slowing them down.
This situation is typical when a person is aware of a need, but aren’t yet certain what the solution will be. For example, someone is looking for a desktop scanner. They know they need a scanner. They want one with a fairly small footprint, but they aren’t sure which brand or which model will be the best solution for them.
In this situation, the best way to help them find the solution on your website, instead of them going elsewhere, is to make sure you have two different kinds of navigation in place. Firstly, you’ll need a good hierarchical navigation model (think: category, sub-category, product) so that they can

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.258474
Retrieved Text: Dear Father, let's say that Your Word tells us not to look at the sun. Your command is for our own good. You know the damage that will occur to our eyesight if we look at the sun. We don't like You telling us what to do. We are rebels from God. We are our own little gods. We will determine for ourselves what is right and what is wrong. To declare our independence from You, we proclaim that what You say is right is now wrong and what You say is wrong is now right. We become advocates for looking at the sun because Your Word had said it was wrong to do. However, there's a problem. There are other people who know that looking at the sun is bad for our eyes. They speak out, making a case publicly that people should not look at the sun. They state or imply that God knew what He was doing telling us not to look at the sun. They strike our nerve. We are furious. How dare they tell us we can't look at the sun? How dare they take a stand for God's command? Are they suggesting we can't decide what's right and wrong for ourselves? Are they suggesting we can't do whatever we want? Why do they "hate" us so? Haters! We must stop them from talking about the dangers of looking at the sun. We will organize. We will petition. We will protest. We will march. We will mount a campaign to persuade

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.147317
Retrieved Text: What Are Your Goals? What is Your Strategy?
People come to me looking for a J-O-B with few clear goals about what they are looking for and how they will find it. Here’s how to start.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.075169
Retrieved Text: Open evenings are an excellent way of finding out if a university is right for you, but it's important to ask the right questions. Here is our list of questions you should ask at open evenings to ensure you pick the right place to study.
What you are looking for: that students go on study at the sort of universities, or on to careers that are similar to those that you expect to go on to.
What you are looking for: Find out what opportunities there are to take part in the sports/activities that you are interested in. Sometimes facilities are not on site, or have limited access, so make sure you know what is available and when.
What you are looking for: Sometimes courses are ‘grouped’, and sometimes you are free to choose any combination. You’ll want to check that you can study the qualifications, and more importantly the combination of qualifications you want.
What you are looking for: Class sizes are a sometimes a good way of working out how much attention you’ll receive in lessons. Smaller is usually better, but this isn’t everything. It is important to know if there is time to talk to teachers about your specific needs/learning alongside or within your lessons.
What you are looking for: You will want to make sure that you’ll get the support you need, whether it is for something like dyslexia, or if you have a one-off worry, getting access to help easily and quickly is important.
What you are looking for: When sixth forms are part of larger schools

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.023934
Retrieved Text: Wikiday is a front-end to Wikipedia that makes the site inviting, explorable and delightful for someone who does not know what they are looking for.
1 - The design of Wikipedia is clunky and it isn't clear for the user that the "On this day..." section of the website exists.
2 - The only way to get to the content is through the homepage and users don't go to the homepage of Wikipedia. They instead google what they are looking for and directly go to the page.
For my reinterpretation of Wikipedia's "On this day..." I created a platform called "Wikiday". It would be hosted independently from Wikipedia's main website, though it would use the same database. Similar to the "Curator Table" project, users might not know what they are looking for, so the experience must put on delightfulness before eficiency.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.022129
Retrieved Text: Tired of dating and find your singles circle is dwindling because they’ve all hooked up, and you’re still Looking for Marriage? Maybe you tried marriage too early in life, it didn’t work, and now that you’re older and successfully established you’re also Looking for Marriage. It’s a dating minefield out there, so when you’re Looking for Marriage it can be quite a challenge.
For many people the idea of remaining single all their lives is not something they like tocontemplate. There are many advantages of being single, but there is something to be said for life long companionship with someone you really love. This is likely why you are Looking for Marriage with a person who gets you, and that you enjoy not just physically but also mentally, a soul mate, a friend.
With the world being so global now in its outlook, it’s quite normal to find yourself in a big city that is populated with singles who come from all kinds of cultural and religious backgrounds. The world has become a village in some respects, and many people find their minds and hearts opened as they begin to experience and accept the way other people live and what they believe in.
It’s important to know if a person’s cultural and religious origin is a deal breaker for you when Looking for Marriage. Are you interested or prepared to experience new things and new ideas? Do you have a spirit of adventure and would you be willing to engage with the idea of meeting someone who is not

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.011876
Retrieved Text: Whether you are a blogger or a small business owner, then at some point you may need to have to deal with competition. Competition can take customers or visitors from your site, so it is important to know what to do. First of all, almost everywhere you look around you are going to find some sort of competition. The best way to deal with it is to offer your visitors or customers what they are looking for. Are they looking for information about blogging? If so, then write about blogging. Are they looking for advice about relationships? If such topic fits with your blog, then you may want to write about it as well. The key is to offer what your visitors/customers want.
« Do Long Distance Relationships Work?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.00627
Retrieved Text: Adzuna, the online search company, and The Guardian have got together to work out what employers are really looking for.
Adzuna searched for the words most often used in job adverts, and The Guardian's Leo Benedictus writes on what they really mean.
Below are ideas from Benedictus and others on what employers are looking for, together with UnemployedNet's ideas.
One thing to remember is that job descriptions are sometimes created by committee, and ideas can be thrown in because they were mentioned at a meeting rather than because they are important to a job.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.9859
Retrieved Text: Does the sentence “Aren't they pretty!” mean “They are pretty.”?
Does the sentence "Aren't they pretty!" mean "They are pretty."?
With the exclamation mark, it does mean that the speaker thinks "they are pretty" and expresses it out.
If it were written with a question mark ("Aren't they pretty?") it would be a question, still suggesting the same thought, but perhaps looking for confirmation from the listener.
Note, however, that in some cases the negative question is a request for confirmation of a negative belief - which has the opposite meaning. For example, "aren't you coming?" may suggest that I suspect you are not coming.
You can find a longer discussion here.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning exclamatives or ask your own question.
What does “they blew everyone away” mean?
In, “They are talking cars and deals”, what does “deals” mean?
What's the meaning of “pretty darn foxy” “yourself”?
“they say she had a pretty hand” - What does it mean?
What does “They went to Florida for the winter.” mean?
What does “That’s pretty much all I read”?
What does “crushing” mean in the sentence?
What does “earth” mean in this sentence?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.971056
Retrieved Text: The internet has changed shopping as they know it. What most people don’t realize though is that amazing coupons, discounts and sales can be found online with a little bit of searching. The next time you do online shopping, considering utilizing the following tips.
Search engines are very useful to finding coupons and sales if they are used correctly. In order to find what you are looking for type in the word “sale”, “coupon” or “discount” into the search engine along with the item you want to buy. For example, if you are looking for an online sale for televisions, type the words “television” and “online sale” into the search engine. This simple process can sometimes save hundreds of dollars.
There are many websites that are devoted to finding and posting sales for users. Many of these websites are free, but they may require that you subscribe to them. Some websites will post new sales several times a day so you will need to check them often and might have to do a little bit of searching to find what you are looking for. You can find these websites by searching the internet for them. There are many websites to choose from so you are bound to find one that will meet your particular shopping needs.
If you have a favorite online store that you like to shop at, you can usually sign up to receive emails when they are going to have a sale. Sometimes they will let you buy items on sale before they are advertised to

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.9426155
Retrieved Text: Who Usually Sits in on a Group Interview?
What are you likely to be asked?
Potential Department Manager – needs to know what skills you will bring to the team. This person will want to establish what you are like in an every day working role. They will also want to know whether you are a team player, what your relevant experience is and whether you will need much training.
Director or MD – they will want to know what you will bring to the company overall. They will also want to ensure you will represent the company in a positive manner and depending on the job role they may be looking for signs of a leadership spirit or an entrepreneurial flair.
HR Manager – likely to scrutinise your professional CV to find out why you have left previous positions. The HR Manager will want to know what sort of hours you want to work, what motivates you at work, what salary you are looking for and what kind of progression you are looking for. They will also run through company policies such as breaks and holiday entitlement.
How should you prepare for a group interview?
Writing a professional looking CV and cover letter and bringing several copies to the interview stage is a good idea. Although group interviews can be a little nerve wracking, you should be proud of how far you have come in the interview process. To prepare spend some time thinking about what each person is likely to ask and how best to answer it. During the interview

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.936081
Retrieved Text: How should I respond to an employee who says they are job hunting?
It might seem like a strange decision to notify an employer that you are looking to leave before actually landing another role but there are various reasons why someone might choose to do so and how you respond as an employer might affect their choice to stay or go.
If, as a manager, you have a good relationship and regular catch ups with employees then hopefully any comment regarding leaving shouldn’t be too much of a shock! If you discuss career progression and their role with them at reviews, you should know what they are looking for and therefore have an idea if they are at risk of leaving. Nonetheless, even the most seemingly engaged employees can still decide to leave for various reasons.
To find out why they may be looking to move arrange a catch up with them, give them the opportunity to explain what type of role they are looking for and why they feel that leaving the company is the best option. You want to find out if there are push or pull factors making them look elsewhere, or if there is anything that you could do to retain them in the business. We would always advise that the business seriously considers the situation before making any counter offer, as depending on the reason it may just delay them leaving by a few months and have a negative impact on other team members.
Whilst it can be disheartening as a manager, employees don’t

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.931456
Retrieved Text: We were talking in the Writers Chat about the importance of having other eyes to help us see more clearly. It fell right in line with what was shared at Craft Content Nashville as well as what I was teaching in my session.
You struggle to see you because you are on the inside looking out. Those that are on the outside looking in can see you from a different perspective – in part because they are looking from a different perspective, but also because they don’t have the preset limitations that you have for your journey.
When determining the strengths – and even the weaknesses – that you have in your life and for your journey, talk to some people you trust. Ask them what they see in you. Ask them for words that describe you. Ask them for their insights and directions.
They are not the answer to your journey, but they can help you see with additional clarity. You have more in you than you can image. Seek out those that can read your label and share with you.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.9241705
Retrieved Text: “What is the turnover like in the area I’m looking in?” For most seniors looking to buy a home, they are considering purchasing a property that is going to be more of a short-term home. This likely won’t be the “forever home” they bought when their children were growing up. Anyone looking to buy during their retirement years should make sure they talk to their real estate agent about the neighborhood they are looking in and how that neighborhood is performing. It should be a place where they feel confident they can quickly sell again if they need to.
“What is the demographic of the area?” Most seniors are going to want to be in a neighborhood where they can enjoy being around their peers. Chances are, you won’t want to be surrounded by young people who will be up all night or families with lots of young kids running around. A real estate agent should be able to provide this type of information for anyone looking to buy a home.
“How safe is the area surrounding this home?” While looking at a home, it is important that you ask the real estate agent for more information on the neighborhood or area you are considering—especially when it comes to safety. Many seniors who buy after retirement are living alone and it is important to make sure that the home they will be living in is safe.
“Are there any additional fees?” Fees such as HOA costs can make up a majority of a monthly mortgage payment and seniors need

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.923757
Retrieved Text: As we are coming into the low season for orchids in Fiji we have spent some time today looking at alternatives that will bring some colour into one of our upcoming weddings. Bougainvillea’s were the first thing to come to mind and are definitely an understated flower.
We just love the bougainvilleas, they are such a pretty flower especially when they are put together in an arrangement. They are so delicate and soft looking and they are available in so many different colours, they are a really good option in Fiji.
We often get asked what is available in Fiji and most people do not know what Bougainvillea’s are, so hopefully this blog with give you all a great visual on what they look like and what you can do with them, and that they are a really good option for that delicate rose or peonies look a lot of brides are after.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.872282
Retrieved Text: Figuring out who your website visitors are and what their behavior is when they come to your website is one of the hardest things as a marketer to decipher. We want to be as helpful as we can to people visiting our website, but what is it that they are looking for? Are most people looking for the same thing? Or are they looking for something we might not be providing them?
Actually having access to visitor data, including personal information, can go a long way to ensuring your website is as helpful as it could be. GoSquared empowers you know not only what your visitors are looking for, but who they are, with deep people insights, allowing you to connect with them on a personal level.
With such valuable information at your fingertips, having it available in other apps you use can help you be even more productive. Let Zapier help there, as GoSquared is now connected to more than 500+ apps. Track specific external events, recieve SMS messages when website traffic dips or spikes anywhere in the world, or use a spreadsheet app like Google Sheets to archive visitor data for analysis later.
Sign up for GoSquared, and also make sure you have a Zapier account.
Connect your GoSquared account to Zapier.
Check out pre-made GoSquared integrations.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.872097
Retrieved Text: At Augustana, we believe certain individuals are called to "Be a Viking." They understand that in order to create an even better tomorrow, they must explore and discover bold concepts and important ideas today.
These are the stories of AU Vikings.
You may already have answers to these questions.
But, the reality is, many students don’t.
I can relate because I, too, have heard the question, “what’s next for you,” quite often lately as I near the end of my tenure at Augustana and prepare to begin retirement.
And, to tell you the truth, I don’t have an answer.
I have been thinking a lot about it, though. And for me, it’s been helpful to frame my thoughts not around what I’m going to “do next,” but rather to think about what I’m looking for as I begin the next stage of my life.
This line of thinking caused me to consider that the same approach could work for you, too.
When it comes to life after high school, perhaps rather than thinking about what you’re going to do next, maybe you should think about what it is you’re looking for.
Are you looking for a college?
Are you looking for an education that will get you a job?
Or, are you looking for opportunities to create experiences as you build experience? A place where you’re encouraged to knock down walls, build bridges and seek better solutions?
Are you looking for one career?
Or, are you looking for a foundation that will equip you with the knowledge and confidence you’ll need for a lifetime of career opportunities?
Are you looking

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.869827
Retrieved Text: Linen Sheer Tie Top Panel is rated 4.8 out of 5 by 52.
Rated 5 out of 5 by ViviM from Beautiful! I bought these a month ago for a guest bedroom. They are sheer, so blinds behind them will be needed if you want privacy. Walking into the room and seeing these drapes makes me smile!
Rated 5 out of 5 by SpringRain15 from Just what I was looking for... Here is a photo that gives a sense of the transparency (they are the white ones). They are a bit scratchy but the color is just what I was looking for and I expect them to hold up well. Thanks, Ballard!
Rated 5 out of 5 by SusanU from Wonderful purchase These curtains are lovely and well made. They add a fresh new look to my master bedroom. I took advantage of Ballard's product specialist to determine the correct length. I am very pleased.
Rated 5 out of 5 by jip 42 from Just what I wanted These panels arrived exactly as described. The color I choose matched the example online, they are sheer but not see-through, and I really like the tie tops. What a different look.
Rated 5 out of 5 by Jill23 from Beautiful linen panels Just hung my linen tie top panels with the French return curtain rods. Looks so pretty! Also helps make my bed look less awkward in front of my windows.
Rated 5 out of 5 by 21jan21 from beautiful fabric Expensive looking,drapes well! Just what I was looking for!!
Rated 5 out of 5

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.869144
Retrieved Text: Don’t waterput hier on some zuigeling of pedestal.
Anyone specifying what you should look like:В If you want to be my friend, it shouldn’t matter what my height or weight or universal appearance is.В If they specify a preference (particularly if they are looking for an ‘attractive’ or ‘getraind’ fresh friend) than they are very likely not looking for just friendship, no matter what they optie.
So effortless even a monkey could do it and you’re smarter than a monkey, right?
Come on people, who the heck are wij fooling?
Back then, I thought, it would be downright stupid spil such feeling would only mean one thing-heartbreak.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.868756
Retrieved Text: After reading scores of police reports for DUI investigations, it’s easy to spot trends in who gets pulled over, where, and why. Many clients are confused about why they were pulled over for what they consider minor traffic violations, and feel like they were targeted.
Night time + leaving an entertainment/dining area + driving error = greater possibility of DUI investigation.
It is true that DUI happens at all times of the day or night. It is also true that officers, especially DUI officers, are looking more closely for impaired drivers at night, when people are most likely to have consumed alcohol in a social setting. You can assume that officers are more alert to traffic violations (that may lead to DUI investigations) from “happy hour” after work, all the way past “last call” at 2 a.m..
It’s not just the time of day that you are driving, it’s also where you’re leaving, or the area you are driving in. Officers often position themselves to watch drivers leaving areas with a lot of bars and restaurants (like Downtown or 4th Ave.), or specific entertainment venues (concert venues, “gentlemen’s clubs”, sports arenas, casinos, etc.). Experienced DUI defense lawyers see a lot of the same intersections listed in clients’ police reports.
So what are they looking for? Reasonable suspicion that you have violated a law. A broken taillight, speeding, going under the speed limit, weaving out of the lane, rapid acceleration, failure to signal, wide turn… these are some of the most common traffic violations that lead to DUI investigations. Law enforcement

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.867836
Retrieved Text: These white lighted branches with cool white lights make the perfect seasonal decor at Christmas and all winter long, or for weddings and other occasions. White branches look great with everything, and cool white LED lights are not only long-lasting but energy efficient. Use standalone as an eye catching decoration, or mix with other decor in vases and urns for amazing decorative accents that add light and beauty to your home or event.
absolutely what we had been looking for!
Absolutely what we had been looking for! They are beautiful, exactly what we were looking for. They are nice and bright (a little brighter than we thought they'd be, but that's okay), and the branches can bend however you need them to. we bent some of the branches down so that you could see them through our clear blue vase that they're in, so it looks like they are lighted from top to bottom. We curled the tops of them into more of an artistic, sculpture-like lighted piece so it doesn't look so christmasy looking, since we're planning on having it up year round. Looks very tim burton-ish that way! I love them and am so happy with this purchase! Customer service was excellent too! Storey answered some questions for me and even did some measurements of the product before I purchased them to make sure that they would work for me. They are perfect!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.856546
Retrieved Text: It’s common that people who are interested in yoga and have the desire to learn and practice yoga in order to know what yoga really is about, they will try to go to a ‘place’, or ‘school’, or ‘ashram’, or ‘person’, where they think and expect that it would deliver them what they are looking for. Some people might found what they were looking for. But for some others, they are disappointed as they couldn’t find what they are looking for.
It is not whether a particular place, or school, or ashram, or person, has the power or quality to make people ‘see’ or ‘find’ yoga, or not. People might go to the same place, or same school, or same ashram, or same person, and some would ‘find’ yoga there, while others couldn’t. This is due to whether our minds are being opened, or not.
Yoga could be ‘found’ or ‘seen’ in anywhere and everywhere, but, if we try to look for yoga in a particular place, or school, or ashram, or person, most likely we will be disappointed, because the mind is not opened. But, when we let go of any expectation towards ‘finding yoga’ in a particular place, school, ashram, or person, and stop trying to look for yoga in a particular place, school, ashram, or person, but, just allowing our minds to be open and observe what is going on in our own minds, in this present, from moment to moment, observing all the impermanent changes of the states of mind, actions and reactions, thoughts

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.854724
Retrieved Text: Uhhh, yeah, the Tony Awards were on tonight. It’s the 72nd one. I didn’t watch it.
I tried to watch it…but…I turned it there when all of that singing was going on.
And that singing they were doing just wasn’t going on for me. So, I turn my DVR back on and went back to looking at Ron Burgundy and them in the Anchorman II.
I love that movie! It’s a hoot, I tell ya! A hoot it is! Only Ron Burgundy can raise and bottle feed a shark that comes back looking for him just so the shark can eat him.
Anyhoo, I didn’t look at the 72nd Annual Tony Awards. I know it was on CBS and a gal by the name of Sara Bareilles and a fella by the name of Josh Groban hosted the 72nd Annual Tony Awards.
I don’t know who they are, but I’m sure they did a good job for those checks they got.
Even if they didn’t do a good job, they’ll still get those checks. Yeah…soooo….yeah.
If y’all want to know what all went on during the 72nd Annual Tony Awards, head on over to The Hollywood Reporter, Variety, or The Wrap.
I’m sure those folks have something up there about it. Come to think of it, if the Tony folks want more folks to look at the show they need to show it on Saturday because ain’t nobody looking at that on Sunday.
Sunday is a day of rest and that’s what folks do. They rest. They don’t spend their time looking at award shows

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.849027
Retrieved Text: Often when customers are browsing for a diamond, they are not necessarily looking for a specific retailer or vendor. Instead, they are after a specific cut, carat, or quality. For most customers, this can make shopping for the perfect diamond like looking for a needle in a haystack. This is where DiamondLink comes in.
DiamondLink is a tool designed to help jewelry retailers and vendors efficiently manage their inventory online, by providing an easy way to manage mark-ups and feature diamonds from select diamond suppliers.
DiamondLink is an online tool developed by GemFind, to showcase diamonds from select US diamond suppliers, on retail jewelry websites. With a simple search tool, customers can indicate the specifics of what they are looking for in a diamond. As a result, the customers can quickly connect with you on what they want, providing instant customer satisfaction.
The DiamondLink also provides reports and analytics that allow you to track what customers are searching for, including cut-grade searches, certificate searches, size, and color searches. Knowing what your customers are looking for, will allow you to have a better idea of what your target audience seems to like and specifically cater your jewelry pieces to them.
After adjusting the options to meet their needs, customers will see all of the available diamonds that meet those needs.
GemFind is a leader in the jewelry marketing industry, helping jewelry businesses improve their digital presence and connect to potential customers. Not only does GemFind help jewelry retailers and vendors with providing online tools, but it also provides expert digital marketing and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.847369
Retrieved Text: I wasn't aware but they actually made horn covers for this motorcycle. Anyone have them installed, or know ones that actually fit - I've check ebay and amazon, there are some that say they fit, then you read in comments they don't. Any help is appreciated. Thank You!
Don't they already come with covers?
Perhaps a photo of what you're looking for would help.
I have these. They are attached with copper wires behind the original horn.
Yep, that's what I'm looking for on mine.
Last edited by jalaty; 03-29-2019 at 04:17 AM.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.826886
Retrieved Text: are you on a search to find pizza places in Tulsa? Are you looking for the best pizza places near you? If you have been looking to change up your current routine and you are looking to try some new pizza places near you, you definitely need to try out Gaetano’s Pizza. You will find that they have an awesome authentic pizza that they make. You will be so pleased with the quality of the taste. You will wish you had discovered it sooner. To try it out today, just check out their website. Once you check out their website you can take a look at their photo gallery to see what looks good to you. After you have taken a look at the photo gallery, just give them a call. The number to call to get started is 918-298-1122.
Have you been trying to find pizza places in Tulsa? Have you been trying to find somewhere that you haven’t tried before? If you have never been to Gaetano’s before, you should definitely try out their Pizza! They have an amazing quality of pizza. They offer quality ingredients and Quality Pizza. If you’ve been looking for a good place to try, the answer is Gaetano’s Pizza. Check them out online today or give them a call. They would love to hear from you and answer any questions that you might have.
There are so many different places that you could go to find pizza places around Tulsa, but the place that you should go to find pizza places

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.824347
Retrieved Text: I know you have seen the ads for Wix and SquareSpace and GoDaddy and others touting easy, do-it-yourself, “professional looking websites” that will fit any company budget. Truthfully, they are not lying, you will have a website when you are done. What they don’t tell you is that you will be the only one looking at it.
Creating a professional looking website is really simple these days especially with the services mentioned above. They have great drag and drop design features and stunning templates created by some really talented artists. If you have any technical prowess, you can most likely create a website. However, let me ask you, how are you getting people to visit your site?
So, you tell me that they have great SEO features like keywords and meta tags and you can put in a search term and they will tell you if your site is optimized properly. Great! Did they tell you how competitive those terms are and that you will have to compete against established companies like Amazon and Target for those search terms? Probably not.
What if your search engine optimization isn’t working and you are not appearing on the first page? Do they instruct you on some other techniques like AdWords or Social Media Advertising? Speaking of Social Media, do these sites help you create content to post to social media and help drive traffic to your site? Most likely, not.
My point, if you haven’t guessed by now, is that creating a website whether you spend $100 or $10,000, isn’t going to

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.819142
Retrieved Text: Whether you are just looking for a “F*ck Buddy” or are on a quest to find your “Lifelong Love”, there are some surefire ways to practice and attract authenticity as you date. People often complain “All men are liars” or “All women are needy.” My first response is…”Wow, you’ve must have been busy dating ‘everyone!’” When I ask them to tell me who they are, what they are looking for and what they are finding, chances are they aren’t practicing integrity, and therefore, aren’t really showing up as their authentic selves in their relationships or attempts at one.
To read the full article,click here!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.816751
Retrieved Text: If you are looking for luxury property sg than you have come to the right place, they have tons and tons of different properties available. Most of them are beach properties because those are what is popular right now, but if you are looking for an actual home and not just a summer or winter place than this is the place for you. They have literally everything that you could ever imagine in every price range. If you are broke, this is the place for you but if you are looking for a luxury home than this is really the place for you because that is what this company started as. They were initially a place that just sold luxury homes and that is still what they specialize in. Although they do sell the other stuff, they still prefer to sell a good old luxury home and even try to get people to upgrade up to them. They know what makes a luxury home special and they want to try to share that with as many people as possible, so if you are in need of one or just want to browse around because maybe you are thinking about getting one than give someone a call because you do not want to miss your chance to own a luxury home. It is better than anything you could possibly imagine. I simply love mine and you will probably love yours as well. I know that when I purchased my first luxury home many years ago it was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.816498
Retrieved Text: This is your opportunity to tell me why you are looking for a development resource. More importantly, what the goals are. The more information you give me here, the better the solution I will be able to provide. Please feel free to ignore any questions that are not relevant.
With this in mind, what are the top 5 business needs for a development resource?
EG: 20% increase in sales in 6 months, 30% increase in membership this year, reduce admin costs by 15% in 3 months, implement proper development workflow over the next 6 months.
Is there anything about your current website(s) that serves the business well and if so, why?
Tell us about your ideal customer or user. Who are they? How old are they? Where do they hang out online? What are their interests?
Do you have a design already made?
Are you looking to migrate to ConvertKit?
Are you looking to migrate to Drip?
No matter how big or small it is, this only helps to build out the proper and most successful solution for you.

================



======= Instance Index 17142 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: A month later , I got a phone call from him in which he asked why was I thanking him and what did he agree to . It seems he got the telegram from his assistant on shipboard at 3:00 a.m. after a long night of drinking . To get rid of the porter , he told him to just say OK.He lived up to the agreement , making one of his very rare public appearances . A short time before the Bouchercon , I got a call from Stephen King , asking if he could present him the G of H award at the luncheon .
Question: Where may I be at ?
Options: 
- A boat
 - A train
 - None of the above choices .
 - A car

Target Text: A boat

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.60358
Retrieved Text: Hi. As you've probably surmised, I'm Jeff Meli. Thanks for checking out my site.
I have recently graduated from the Stevens Institute of Technology, where I attained a B.Sc. degree in computer science with a minor in philosophy. My résumé is available here.
While you're here, I would suggest checking out my blog, where you can find posts about topics you may or may not be interested in, and which may or may not include: challenges I deal with, personal projects, and (what blog would be complete without...) opinions & rants.
If you'd like to contact me, I can be emailed at the address j at this domain (which is fej.io).

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.32784
Retrieved Text: Wow – the time has come! I know some of you may have been dreading this moment of saying goodbye to the Mount, and some of you may be anxious to start this next chapter in your life. The “real world” seems scary, but trust me, it’s going to be okay! Take a deep breath, set some goals, talk to your friends and family, and never lose sight of what you’ve been working towards.
In case you didn’t know, no two people have the same exact plan after graduation. Some of you may go straight into the work field, some of you may get a place of your own, some of you may go back to school, and some of you may still be figuring out what your next step is. Always remember that you are your own person with your own game plan. It’s okay if you’re not exactly where you want to be the minute you graduate – that’s the beauty of having plenty of days to work towards what you want! Currently, I am finishing up my second-to-last semester of graduate school for Mental Health Counseling while working part time as a teaching assistant and juggling a rewarding internship. I know I am not where I want to be at this exact moment, but I can see my end goal coming soon! No matter what you do and where you decide to go, give 110% and never forget where you came from.
Congratulations Class of 2018! Cherish the time you have left at the Mount

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.314799
Retrieved Text: Thinking Out Loud: Who are you?
I am not necessarily what others think of me or who others think I am.
I may not be all that I can be.
I am filled with potential that is unfolding.
I am walking my own path ~ even if I take a detour or two.
I am learning from my experiences, I am changing and evolving.
So, in asking myself the question “Who are you?”, I am not necessarily looking for any precise answer. I am more interested in where I stand in life at this point in time. In where I have been and where I am heading on my personal path. And on the steps I can take right now in order to get there.
In all reality, when we ask ourselves that question, there are many answers. Which answer comes up depends upon the perspective it was asked from; the aspect of ourselves we are looking at.
Therefore the answer will be different when we are looking at our reality selves, our core selves ~ chances are the answer will have a more spiritual slant to it ~ than it will be in light of how we present ourselves to the world around us. Observing the passionate sides of ourselves may give yet a different answer.
This leads me to believe that we are all multi-faceted human beings that have all the potential we may ever wish for, and have a lot to offer to the world.
The danger in being multi-faceted is ~ and this is where the question “Who are you?” comes in

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.268007
Retrieved Text: Live on Your Boat! Are You Crazy!
To live on your boat is the easy part. Many boats, like RVs, can be quite comfortable to live in. You will find that you do not need to have a lot of "things" in your life.
Simple is better, and a necessity when you live on a boat. When you go shopping, you ask yourself questions like: Where will I put it? Will it nest with things I have? What do I get rid of if I get it? Do I really need this?
You have two possibilities when you live aboard. Dock at a marina, or live on the hook (at anchor).
The boat changes your style of living by the limits it has. At anchor, the amount of water you have is limited to the size of the storage tank you have on board. The toilet holding tank size, the size and number of batteries for electricity, the hot water system and your refrigerator size are just a short list of how the boat limits what you can do.
When living at anchor, these can either restrict or merely simplify your lifestyle.
If you are on the hook, you need to find out where you may tie up your dinghy, where you may park a car, where you may get water and where a pump out station is.
Add to the list where trash may be dumped, where you can get boat fuel and where you might walk the dog without causing offense.
Live-aboard boaters at anchor are often looked upon as "freeloaders," however,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.201485
Retrieved Text: We are I Want Fabric , a specialist retailer of Quality Textiles - Honestly Priced.
We keep a keen eye on prices and are very competitively priced.
We have a great team of 10 people running the business.
From time to time, we may offer promo codes which may apply to any, or certain specified purchases made through the I Want Fabric website. Each Promo Code will be subject to specific terms & conditions specified at the time the promo code is issued (including the length of time to use the code). Only one promo code can be used against an order at any one time. A promo code can't be applied to an order after that order has been placed. Certain product category exclusions may apply so we’ll let you know if you can't use your promo code on anything before you complete your purchase. If the promo code has expired, you won’t be able use it. We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time.
1.1. Returns will be accepted within 14 days of postmark. 1.2. Items must be in an ‘as new condition’. 1.3. Where there is no fault with the item/s returned, the customer is responsible for return postage costs. 2.1. Returns should be notified to I Want Fabric Customer Services by email to info@iwantfabric.com. 3.1. Where a return is required as a result of an error, fault, or otherwise on the part of I Want Fabric, postage costs may be recovered by the customer. 3.2. Return postage refunds must be authorised

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.190932
Retrieved Text: Who’s Ability Are You Focusing On, Yours Or God’s?
Have you ever found yourself wondering how you got where you are in your life, If you are where you’re meant to be, If you’re going to stay on this road or if God has other plans for you? If you answered yes, you’re like 98% of most people.
I get asked pretty often, “How does a pastor/speaker/teacher end up in Network Marketing?” My answer is pretty simple. 1. This is where I felt God leading me because I needed to be home with my children and be able to earn an income 2. I’m passionate about people and this enables me to serve them. I can still use my gifts with the people God places in my sphere of influence every day!
Why am I telling you this? Because you may have found yourself questioning how, or if you are ever going to get the place that you envisioned yourself in so many years ago. You may think that the passion you have deep inside has nothing to do with where you are in life right now and you may be questioning yourself about the choices you have made or the direction you have gone in. I want to encourage you that you ARE being prepared, changed and transformed by God to be EVERYTHING that He created you to be.
We often have more faith in our own ability to get it wrong than we do in God’s ability to get it right but you WILL end up in the

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.18444
Retrieved Text: Week 48-Reasons to be happy!
Can a smiley face shake you out of autopilot?
This week’s experiment to shake us out of autopilot was to wear our watch on a different hand to your normal one and in its place draw a smiley face. The idea being every time you see the smiley face you check in with yourself to see if you are where you should be right now. As busy people who need to earn a living and with responsibilities of all sorts we don’t always have the luxury in a physical sense to always be where we want to be. What I mean is, we may be sitting in another lengthy meeting which should have been an email but where you really want to be is at home in front of the fire watching a black and white movie, you may be walking your dog in the dark at 6.30am on a really rainy day, when where you really want to be is still snoozing under the covers, you may be battling with the masses to get some food shopping or the perfect Christmas present for your loved ones but where you really want to be is walking through a woods with crunchy leaves underfoot. I’m guessing what Chris really wanted us to do was to check in with ourselves to see if we were in practicing being present and grateful. Today, I decided to have a go with this, I had an early start 5.30 am to do and hour and a half on

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.181369
Retrieved Text: With Uber's new $50 billion valuation, we urgently need a sanity check on the sharing economy. Here's my take in this morning's Wall Street Journal on why Uber is bad for working people. Here's my explanation on this yesterday's NBC Press Here show on why Silicon Valley is compounding inequality. And here's my argument on this Saturday's WGBH Innovation Hub show on why the Internet is definitely not the answer.
So is smart technology (except this email, of course) making us dumb? Nick Carr and I will be in New York this coming Wednesday (May 13) evening arguing that it does. We won't take any prisoners and I trust this Intelligence Squared debate will be a bloodbath. The event is sold out, but I can probably wangle a few media passes if you ask nicely. Then (if I survive), I'll be back in the Bay Area next Wednesday (May 20), speaking at Kepler's bookstore in the evening and doing a public interview with Angie Coiro in Kepler's at lunchtime.
For the rest of May, I'll be in Europe. On May 23, I'm in Milan where I'll be exposing the nuovi plutocrati del web at Wired's NextFest conference. And from sunny Italy, I'll be treking to rainy Wales, where, on May 25, I'm speaking at the Hay Festival. My question at Hay: "What's The Question?"
So perhaps you can help me prepare for Hay in May. What, exactly, is the question?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.176931
Retrieved Text: Here are some answers to some commonly asked questions. If you have a question that you think belongs on this page, please submit your question to the Kingdom Exchequer (Exchequer@calontir.org).
How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
Where should I report website expenses?
Where should I report site deposits?
Do I have to fill out an event report?
Who may be comped at the gate of an event?
Who may be comped for feast?
Who pays for Royal Lunches?
Where do I send the Non-Member Surcharge (NMS) payment for an event?
1. How do I find out who is my Regional Reporting Deputy?
Check out the officers page - you can e-mail the Regional for your state, as well as the NMS reporting deputy right from our site!
2. Why are payments to other SCA groups listed as transfers on our reports?
The IRS only has one Tax ID Number (TIN) for the SCA. This TIN is used for every single group. So, when we issue a check to another group, the IRS sees it as transferring money within an organization (since that is what we’re doing).
3. Where should I report website expenses?
Websites expenses should be listed under “Fees and Honoraria” on the Expense Detail Part 1. Please include the payee of the check and the service being used.
4. Where should I report site deposits?
If the site deposit is non-refundable, then it is recorded as an “Occupancy & Site Charge” on the Income Statement. If the site deposit is refundable, then it

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.138892
Retrieved Text: I have been in touch with the Met Office today, they are kindly going to send me Monthly data from Alston and also Great Dun Fell !! starting next month, should be interesting in the winter. There are a few other stations available but as yet they have patchy or late data, if these become more reliable they will also be added.
Paul any idea where the other stations are?
I remember the Alston one recorded -5c in may and was the UK's lowest may temp i think, do you know where it is exactly?
rjd1000 wrote: Paul any idea where the other stations are?
As for the other ones, they were in the SE of Cumbria but The Met office have said that the data at this time is unreliable and often late so not sharing with us.
One questions why the Met Office even use that data if its so unreliable, many non Met Office sources such as on here have reliable data.
I think the data is OK, but from the sounds of it doesn't arrive on time like myself and Carl, we have a "duty" to report everyday where others it may arrive at month end or several weeks afterwards. At this stage I don't believe their equipment is standard and perhaps is just rainfall data so they have decided not to pass it on to me. If I hear anything else I will let you know.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.138382
Retrieved Text: Home The Browning Letters 14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
All thanks for your invitation which I shall profit by if I possibly can.
I want to explain to you why in all probability I shall be away from your music for once: it is foolish, I know. My Son goes to College at Michaelmas and has to work so hard in order to matriculate at Balliol, where he wants to go, that he cannot spare even one morning a week—and I have got so used to have him with me that I can’t bear sitting alone.
Title 14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
Letter Text 19. Warwick Crescent, Upper Westbourne Terrace W. May 14. ’67. My dear Hallé, All thanks for your invitation which I shall profit by if I possibly can. I want to explain to you why in all probability I shall be away from your music for once: it is foolish, I know. My Son goes to College at Michaelmas and has to work so hard in order to matriculate at Balliol, where he wants to go, that he cannot spare even one morning a week—and I have got so used to have him with me that I can’t bear sitting alone.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.127282
Retrieved Text: Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
May I register for a course after its beginning?
May I attend a lesson without having registered for the particular course?
May I transfer to another course (different time and/or day) at the same level?
If I find that the course I am attending is higher or lower than my level, can I transfer accordingly?
Is the price of coursebooks included in the tuition fees?
Where can I purchase the coursebooks required for my course?
How can I learn more about the content of the course that I am interested in attending (aims, duration, components, etc)?
May I obtain a visa to the European Union when I register for a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Are students coming from abroad offered help in arranging accommodations?
What documents do I need in order to enroll in a Modern Greek Language Program course?
Does the Hellenic American Union offer private lessons of Modern Greek?
Do tuition fees include VAT (Value Added Tax)?
Where exactly is the Hellenic American Union located?
How will I find out where my classroom is?
Can I pay for only the lesson-hours that I attend?
Apart from tuition fees, do I have to pay a registration fee as well?
How can I determine my level?
Is it possible that the course I have registered for will be canceled?
1. Do I get a certificate of attendance when I complete a Greek course at the Hellenic American Union? If so, from where?
Once you complete the course you are attending, you may request

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.118799
Retrieved Text: May I sit with ya?
Excuse me, I am glad you placed a handle on that.
But where you planned on sitting at?
Sorry, Mr. Pretty will be back for his seat.
May I ask...where is he?
He is in the upper room.
Yep, his first name is Confidence.
I'll holla at ya a' lil' lata, Ms. Pretty.
He wonders if Mr. Pretty knows what he got?
She wonders if he knows she is waiting on God?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.103746
Retrieved Text: O' Great Spirit whose voice I hear in the wind and whose breath gives life to all the world hear me! I am small and weak, I need your strength and wisdom. Let me walk in beauty and make my eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset. O' Great Spirit make my hand respect the things you have made and my ears sharp to hear your voice. Make me wise so that I may understand the things you have taught my people. Let me learn the lessons you have hidden in every leaf and rock. O' Great Spirit, we seek strength, not to be greater than my brother, but to fight my greatest enemy myself. Make us always ready to come to you with clean hands and straight eyes, so when life fades as the fading sunset my spirit may come to you without shame.
Lord, make me a channel of thy peace--that where there is hatred, I may bring love--that where there is wrong, I may bring the spirit of forgiveness--that where there is discord, I may bring harmony--that where there is error, I may bring truth--that where there is doubt, I may bring faith--that where there is despair, I may bring hope--that where there are shadows, I may bring light--that where there is sadness, I may bring joy. Lord, grant that I may seek to comfort than to be comforted--to understand, than to be understood--to love, than be loved. For it is by self-forgetting that one finds. It is by forgiving that one is

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.075484
Retrieved Text: So you found a cool project online and its opensource and now you want to give some of your time and efforts back to the community, but you dont know where to start. This blog post should help get you started and help you get your code accepted on just about any project out there.
The first step you should take is to read the documentation that comes with the project. A great place to start is often the README in the project. Generally you will find all kinds of info in this file. Some of that information may be code standards, where to find help, TODO lists, or just general project guide lines.
Next get familiar with the tools used in the project. This could mean having to learn to use a new revision control system such as git with a focus on using it via github or bitbucket. Many projects have some special requirements when it comes to their source code. You do not have to be a master with these tools, but you should at least understand how to do some basic tasks with them. For example, with projects using git and github you should understand forking, branching, fetching, merging, pushing, and most importantly pull requests. Its OK to ask for help getting these things done, and you can generally find where to get that help in the README.
Next it may be helpful for you to look at the rest of the code in the project, or at least some of it. I know this

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.068146
Retrieved Text: Thankyou for reading, I am posting this to share my story and my own personal thoughts on my dreams and what they may mean however I would greatly appreciate your opinions as well. Before I get started I would just like to say that this may make me sound a little crazy and I just may be haha. This may also scare some people due to the sensitive content.
As of now I am 18 years old. When I was younger, 3 or 4 years old I used to see spirits and be very in touch with otherworldly entities. For example I used to see a man in my mother’s bedroom closet that seemed to resemble Jesus as we commonly know him. My whole life I seemed to feel as if I was something different than the every day people walking around me. Around the same years I saw the man in the closet I would have a reoccurring dream. It started with me as a young child tied to a tall bare tree that sprung up feom the center of the floor of my house. The house had no walls or ceiling and everything around me was on fire though I didn’t feel it burning. A beautiful man walked up to me as I was tied to the tree and started talking to me, I don’t exactly remember what he was saying but then he touched my face. It started turning black where he touched and spread a crossed half of my face in tendrils through

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.063929
Retrieved Text: I don't know where you live I could be out there stalking someone who may or may not be you DUN DUN DUNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This page was last modified on 26 May 2007, at 03:36. This page has been accessed 4,782 times.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.057074
Retrieved Text: Where both the spouses are railway employees and belong to the same seniority units: They should invariably be posted together in order to enable them to lead a normal family life and look after the welfare of their children. Both the railway servants may be posted at the same station /place ensuring that one of them does not work as subordinate to the other.
Where both the spouses are railway servants but belong to different seniority units: Efforts may be made to post both the railway servants at the station where posts at appropriate level exist in the respective seniority units failing which requests for change of the category may be considered sympathetically keeping in view all other relevant rules in the matter.
Where one of the spouses is a railway servant and the other belongs to All India Service or another Central Service: The Railway servant should be posted at station/place in the Railway /Division/PU in whose territorial jurisdiction the place /state of posting of his/her spouse falls or as close to it as possible if there is no Railway Organisation /post at the place/state of posting of the spouse.
Where one of the spouses is a railway servant and the other belongs to a State Service: The Railway servant should be posted at the station/place in the Railway /Division/PU in whose territorial jurisdiction the place /state of posting of his/her spouse falls. If it is not possible, if a request from the railway servant to the Controlling Authority of the spouse for his /her posting at the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.053173
Retrieved Text: Born on August 28, 1979 .
This memorial website was created in memory of our loved one, David Arroyo, 36, born on August 28, 1979 and passed away on May 30, 2016. We will remember him forever.
Lord, make me an instrument of your peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon; Where there is doubt, faith; Where there is despair, hope; Where there is darkness, light; Where there is sadness, joy. Grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console; To be understood as to understand; To be loved as to love. For it is in giving that we receive; It is in pardoning that we pardoned; and It is in dying that we are born to eternal life.
Happy Birthday David..your mother and I went to Mass..drove to Red Rock Canyon where you and Eva walked on the trails and listened to your music. Sophie may be looking for you..she crossed over the bridge last week..when you see her, give her lot's of love and stay close together.
Remembering your birthdate David. A day of joy, a mothers love, a time to celebrate. Your always with us David. Happy Birthday.
My dear son, today is two months since you've been gone; I miss you so very much! Time has stood still for me; at times I cannot even breathe. I am struggling to find my "new normal" knowing that I will never get over the loss of you, not in a day or month or in a million

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.050327
Retrieved Text: A powerful collection of quotes by Joyce Meyer (born Pauline Joyce Hutchison: June 4, 1943), the charismatic American, Christian author and speaker. Her ministry is headquartered in the St. Louis suburb of Fenton, Missouri.
I may not be where I need to be but at least I am not where I used to be.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.047498
Retrieved Text: On the first of May I had my first race night at Brixham Yacht Club, I used my 4.7 sail (the smallest one) and got a 3rd and 4th which was an alright result as there wasn’t much wind but it was a good result for my first time.
The 6th and 7th of May was Paignton Open Single Handed Dinghy Race (POSH) but racing was postponed on the 6th due to too much wind and then canceled due to no wind. On the 7th there wasn’t much wind and I was the only racer under 18 and the only person with the 4.7 sail so I was the slowest, I came 22nd out of the Aeros and Lasers which I wasn’t overly happy with but it was an experience nonetheless.
On the 8th of may I was racing again at Brixham Yacht Club where they only did one race, I was using Radial Rig and got 1st place which I was happy with.
On the 12th and 13th of May, I had my Duke of Edinburgh Practice Expedition where I walked from Churston Ferrers Grammar School to Stoke Fleming Primary School and back over the two days. This was very tiring but fun and a great experience.
On the 20th and 21st of May I was at the WPNSA for 4.7 training where we practiced boat speed and rolling gybes and an upwind sailing method of sitting further to the back of the boat so the boat skims over the waves instead of going through them.
On the 22nd of

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.034409
Retrieved Text: "Should we stake out the area in the park where our ceremony will be?"
Should we stake out the area in the park where our ceremony will be?
Yes, this will prevent the general public from encroaching on your cermemonial space. You may need to check with the local council prior to steaking out the area.
Should we stake out the area on the beach where our ceremony will be held?
Yes, this will prevent the general public from encroaching on your ceremonial space. You may need to check with the local council prior to staking out the area, as they may have dimensional requirements and specific locations.
The Cranbourne Botanic Gardens has a number of wedding ceremony locations, including the Stringybark Picnic Area, Trig Point Lookout, Woodlands Picnic Area, and the Elisabeth Murdoch Pavilion.
Where in Portsea on the Mornington Peninsula should we have our Ceremony?
I suggest you have your ceremony at either the Portsea Hotel (overlooking the beautiful bay area), or at Portsea front or surf beach.
Do you conduct marriage ceremonies in the Blackburn area?
Yes, I can conduct your marriage cermony at Elizabethan Lodge (near the Eastern Freeway).
How many songs will I need for my ceremony?
You will need a minimum of 5. One for the entrance, three for the signing, and one for the departure.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.022594
Retrieved Text: 1. Where do I get federal income tax forms?
Online at www.irs.gov or by calling the IRS at 1-800-TAX-FORM.
Federal tax forms can be printed for free at our office's public PCs located in both our Leesburg and Sterling offices. However, due to the size of most Federal income tax publications, you will not be able to print such documents in our office.
Federal forms 1099 and W-2 can be purchased at most office supply stores.
Loudoun's public libraries carry some federal tax forms. You may wish to contact your branch directly before visiting to ensure that your required forms are available. Contact information for the branches is online here.
2. Where do I get Virginia State Tax Forms?
The Commissioner of the Revenue's office receives a limited supply of the most commonly used Virginia State Tax forms from the Virginia Department of Taxation. You may request or download Virginia State Income Tax forms online from the Virginia Department of Taxation or by calling 804-440-2541.
Note: Checks should be made payable to the Virginia Department of Taxation.
3. Where can I get Virginia State Income Tax Assistance?
If you have questions regarding the filing of Virginia State Individual Income Tax returns, please contact our office at 703-777-0260 or the Virginia Department of Taxation at 1-804-367-8031.
Additionally, the Loudoun County Area Agency on Aging assists elderly, low income, disabled, or non-English speaking taxpayers through its free Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) Program with preparing Federal and state income tax forms during the months of February, March, and early April. You may contact the Area Agency on Aging

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.021137
Retrieved Text: What is Student Affairs' mailing address?
How do I report mistreatment?
How do I get a Letter of Good Standing?
Who do I see if I need information about pagers?
Who can help me with Visiting Student applications?
Where can I find the School of Medicine's course catalog?
How do I schedule an appointment with the Associate Dean of Student Affairs?
Where do I Apply for Step 1?
Where is the School of Medicine's Financial Aid Office and who can help me with financial aid issues?
Where do I go if I lost an item in the School of Medicine and/or the University of Utah Hospital?
Students can contact the Student Affairs Office to report mistreatment claims to Tom Hurtado, Director of Student Affairs, or Dr. Stevenson, Associate Dean of Student Affairs.
Past and current students may request a Letter of Good Standing by contacting the School of Medicine's Registrar's office.
Current students at the School of Medicine interested in renting a pager may contact the Student Affair's office for more information.
For students interested in attending a visiting rotation here at the University of Utah School of Medicine, please contact the Registrar's office via email or phone.
If you are an international student and interested in attending a visiting rotation here at the University of Utah School of Medicine, please contact the Global Health & Education Office located in room 1C251 via email or phone.
Current students may retrieve a copy of their course schedule by logging in to Tools.
Where do I Find the School of Medcine's Course Catalog?
Current students interested in viewing the courses and electives offered at the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.017531
Retrieved Text: Hatchimals CollEGGtibles – Spring Basket with 6 Hatchimals CollEGGtibles just $9.35!
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE LINKS. THAT MEANS I MAY BE COMPENSATED (AT NO ADDITIONAL COST TO YOU) IF YOU CLICK A LINK AND MAKE A PURCHASE. PLEASE SEE MY FULL DISCLOSURE POLICY. Head on over to Target where you can score Hatchimals CollEGGtibles – Spring Basket with 6 Hatchimals CollEGGtibles for… Read More Hatchimals CollEGGtibles – Spring Basket with 6 Hatchimals CollEGGtibles just $9.35!
All Paw Patrol Buy One Get One Free!
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE LINKS. THAT MEANS I MAY BE COMPENSATED (AT NO ADDITIONAL COST TO YOU) IF YOU CLICK A LINK AND MAKE A PURCHASE. PLEASE SEE MY FULL DISCLOSURE POLICY. Head on over to Target where you can score All Paw Patrol Buy one Get one Free! Free 2… Read More All Paw Patrol Buy One Get One Free!
Yoplait Gogurt Dunkers just $1.19 at Target!
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE LINKS. THAT MEANS I MAY BE COMPENSATED (AT NO ADDITIONAL COST TO YOU) IF YOU CLICK A LINK AND MAKE A PURCHASE. PLEASE SEE MY FULL DISCLOSURE POLICY. Buy One Yoplait Gogurt Dunkers $3.99Use the 20% off Cartwheel offerUse the $1.00/1 when you buy ONE any flavor… Read More Yoplait Gogurt Dunkers just $1.19 at Target!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.005752
Retrieved Text: To my finite mind you often seem infinite: filled with riches, wonders and an endless supply of the new, just waiting to be explored. And yet all around me I see signs that you too are struggling under the burden of time. Rust creeps through the shiny things I thought were forever and I find myself face to face with the question: Where do I find true riches?
This may seem like a selfish and unecessary question so I will try and explain where I am coming from. I have heard it said that where your treasure is your heart will also be and that we should guard our hearts because they are wellsprings of life. If my primary treasures are the way I look, the material resources I have at my disposal, the number of boxes I tick on the “ideal thirty-something woman living in an urban jungle” list and whether or not I have arrived at the point where I think everybody around me expects me to be, then I am basically telling my heart to go play in rush hour traffic.
I may get a handle on one or more or even all of these so-called treasures, but they are fickle shapeshifters and to chase them is to set yourself up for a life of exhaustion and dissapointment. Sure, there will be those exhilirating highs where for a moment all the balls are suspended in the air and you say to yourself: “I got this.” But as soon gravity hits the party you find yourself

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.00014
Retrieved Text: I'm really doing it. I'm going. I'm doing what any 39 year old single woman should do instead of commit suicide after a failed relationship. I am taking off. It may seem irresponsible, but at least I can travel and do my work on the go.
I just talked to my dad for the first time in months. It's a long story. But for awhile I had know idea where he was. I also had no idea where my sisters were. Now I may take to spend with them and be united with them again. I've been through quite a bit in my life, but I never want to be cut off from my dad and sisters ever again.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.993591
Retrieved Text: Posted: Thu May 11, 2006 4:24 pm Post subject: Re: Where to aim?
Dallan, that bowsite interactive is GOOD!!!!!
THANK YOU!!! thats what I was looking for.. INCREDIBLE!!
Posted: Thu May 11, 2006 8:28 pm Post subject: Re: Where to aim?
This post has produced an incredible amount of information.
but have we discussed where to aim. all of the info addresses where you want the bullet to go once it gets to the chosen target. But what about holdover and wind and uphill, downhill. where do you aim?
Posted: Thu May 11, 2006 8:59 pm Post subject: Re: Where to aim?
as in my first post, I stated that I generally could stalk the animal till I am very close to them (always within point blank) .
So, the wind and elevation do not normally worries me. However, as I said before, I am willing to learn.
I heard that to shoot uphill, you should aim a little lower and downhill - a little higher. That, I assume is if the animal is "far" away (more than 200 meter?).
The problem is what is a little?
Posted: Thu May 11, 2006 9:30 pm Post subject: Re: Where to aim?
That 'little" will depend on bullet weight, velocity and distance to the target.
That is exactly what I was suggesting in my previous post.
I hunted Elk in Colorado for several years and have taken shots at distances from 50 to 250 yards using a 300 win mag uphill and downhill. The 300 is a fairly flat shooting caliber,however to say that you must hold over 2 inches or 10

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.988712
Retrieved Text: Can I get help with my utility bill?
Senior Resource Association may be able to provide emergency assistance for discount service or past due electric bills to qualified individuals, when funding is available through EHEAP. Contact SRA at 772.569.0760.
Can I get help with transportation to doctors’ appointments?
Yes, our Community Coach provides door-to-door transportation to medical appointments and other destinations for eligible riders with no other means of transportation. For eligibility and reservation details, call 772.569.0903.
Where can I apply for Medicaid and Food Stamps?
You may apply for Medicaid and Food Stamps at several ACCESS Florida locations throughout Indian River County, they include: Harvest Food & Outreach Center (772.564.9365), St. Vincent de Paul (772.589.3338), and Treasure Coast Community Health (772.257.8224).
Where can I get help with Medicare prescription plans?
You may call the Aging Resource Center at 866.684.5885 and ask for a SHINE representative or call Medicare at 800.633.4227. You can also apply online at www.medicare.gov.
How can I get a home health aide?
If you are a Medicare beneficiary, you may be eligible for home health services upon discharge from a hospital or rehabilitation facility. To explore the possibility of a home health aid please talk with your discharge planner. Private pay home health services are also an option. For home health services through publicly funded programs, contact the Aging Resource Center for more information at 866.684.5885.
If I suspect someone is a victim of neglect, abuse, and exploitation or is a victim of self-neglect, what can I do?
Call Adult Protective Services at 800.962.2873. The Florida Abuse Hotline screens allegations of abuse/neglect to

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.974617
Retrieved Text: configuration and/or where I may download gdb and/or the gdb stub.
> flash with gdb and a jtag interface?
& break at the location if it ever hits.
> configuration and/or where I may download gdb and/or the gdb stub.
I don't think jtag +flash really works via a gdbstub, but I could be wrong.
cannot access them. AFAIK gdbstub only works for executing programs in RAM.
on address approach which means we can only set one or two breakpoints.

================



======= Instance Index 21085 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: and i 'll be in minneapolis all weekend . and ... due to the unfortunate circumstances that led to the wiping of the family hard drives and loss of all previously pirated programs ... i have no microsoft office installed on any of the household computers . and everything she sent me was in word format .
Question: What caused this ?
Options: 
- Needed information was lost
 - None of the above choices .
 - Word is installed
 - Office is installed

Target Text: Needed information was lost

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.661262
Retrieved Text: what double free or corruption error in c error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got what double free or corruption error in c error then we strongly recommend that you Download (what double free or corruption error in c) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows what double free or corruption error in c error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the what double free or corruption error in c error that you may receive.
What is what double free or corruption error in c error?
The what double free or corruption error in c error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This what double free or corruption error in c error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in what double free or corruption error in c format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes what double free or corruption error in c error?
The what double free or corruption error in c error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.57924
Retrieved Text: What Caused the Fatal 2014 Eruption of Japan's Mount Ontake?
Analysis of the change in the stratovolcano's tilt just prior to the explosion suggests that the cracking of a previously intact fluid barrier caused the country's deadliest eruption since 1926.
Although steam-driven phreatic eruptions commonly occur in volcanoes and can cause significant natural disasters, very few modeling studies have focused on them. To address this dearth, Maeda et al. investigated the dynamics of the 2014 eruption of Japan’s 3067-meter-high Mount Ontake. This phreatic event occurred without clear warning and, despite its small size, killed an estimated 63 hikers in what became the country’s most deadly eruption in nearly 90 years.
In this study, the researchers scrutinized a change in tilt observed at two stations beginning about 7 minutes prior to the event. The team used this record to conduct two separate analyses, one of which constrained the source location and mechanism of the tilt and a second that quantified how much this tilt varied over time. The team then used this information to develop analytical models to characterize the events leading up to the disaster.
The results suggest that the eruption of Mount Ontake was preceded by the opening of a vertical crack at a depth of about 1100 meters and that the observed change in tilt was likely caused by the widespread cracking of previously intact rock by intensely boiling groundwater. Because this subterranean rock likely served as a barrier to the upward migration of fluids prior to the start of tilting, argue the authors, the fracturing of this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.540564
Retrieved Text: Jittering playback in Premiere 6.5 Monitor window.
I have no idea what caused this, or what could cause this.
It happened on various video files I have imported to Premiere, so I guess it is not the video that went wrong.
What can I do now> Where can i start digging to find out what caused this?
My system is more than enough for Premiere6.5 and I have been using it for half a year now, without any problems.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.506677
Retrieved Text: FREE e-book on reversing your bad health. Health problems are caused by a nutrition deficiency. For instance joint pain is caused by two bones rubbing together. Without the lubrication between the bones you have this ailment. A deficiency caused this problem. The body did not have this nutrition to make the lubrication. FREE e-book tells what nutrition each ailment needs to repair itself.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.493868
Retrieved Text: What should we do if there is an error in the accuracy of CNC wire cutting?
What should we do if there is an error in the accuracy of CNC wire cutting edm machine?
CNC wire cutting edm machine processing of the wrong part of the work, but also to deduct the money, there are wood, why is it always wrong, is it because of its own reasons, or this machine can only cut so bad?
When it comes to the cause of the accuracy error, there are the following points.
1. Calculate the accuracy error caused by mistakes. This is the cause of man-made. Even the experienced master will happen, but it can be eliminated by checking and trial processing.
2, the accuracy error caused by material deformation, this aspect requires the corresponding measures in the early stage of processing, the processing should also take a response method, the experience of wire cutting is here.
3. The error caused by the control of the machine tool cabinet is basically not happening nowadays, because the wire cutting has been developed in China for decades and the technology is very mature.
4, CNC wire cutting edm machine itself caused by the accuracy of the error, this aspect mainly refers to the mechanical precision, generally the accuracy is between 0.02-0.005mm, if it exceeds, it maybe the machine tool itself has problems.
In addition to the four main reasons, some of the reasons may be caused by the accuracy of the wire cutting process.
2, the loss of molybdenum wire should be processed for a long time without

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.488467
Retrieved Text: What led to “Parting of the Ways” between Christians and Jews?
What claims did Christians make against Jews?
How was Gentile Christian antisemitism expressed, and what functions did it serve in Christianity’s development?
Why did Jews not become Christians?
In brief, common expressions of Christian antisemitism are rooted in the Gospel claim that the Jews caused Jesus’ crucifixion. Christians thus believed (and many still believe) that Christian antisemitism was no more than an appropriate response to Jewish malevolence. Added to this were accusations that Jewish hard-hearted obstinacy caused their refusal to worship Jesus Christ as the Messiah; and their predilection for sin caused Jewish refusal to join Gentile Christianity in discarding Jewish Scriptural laws and rituals.
This site provides an article gathered from many sources that examines, develops, and supports these views.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.425485
Retrieved Text: Remember, this only reflects what the tech spear-head internet users are browsing with.
Edit: Does anyone know what can have caused the pothole in the IE curve, back in 2002?
Posted at 18:13. Categories: browsers, Internet Explorer. Both comments and trackbacks are closed.
“Does anyone know what can have caused the pothole in the IE curve, back in 2002?”I’m sure your question is rhetorical, but just in case. Looking at the graph, it would appear during the same period that Mozilla took life.
No, I didn’t mean it as a rhetorical question. I doubt the launch of Mozilla could have caused such a den’t in IE’s numbers, even at a website like W3Schools. Anyone agree/disagree?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.394488
Retrieved Text: What would occur to muscle function if a disease caused a malfunction in the enzyme creatine kinase? Include in your response the function of creatine kinase and the cellular events that would be most compromised by the loss of this enzyme. Be specific.
This solution discusses what would occur to muscle function if a disease caused a malfunction in the enzyme creatine kinase.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.380019
Retrieved Text: limestone mining health risks samac. pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying SAMAC Mining http //en Sheema stone quarry risks closure over pollution.
Control device means the air pollution control equipment used to reduce particulate matter emis pollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC.
stone crushing industry, and associated health pollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC Sheema stone quarry risks closure over pollution Chat Now!
pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac. pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying samac What are two types of pollution caused by the rock quarry pollution.
Pollution Caused By Limestone Quarrying Samac. Fiji pollution from stone quarry aggregate crusherpollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC.
process of quarrying limestone greenrevolution. Process flow diagram for limestone pollution caused by limestone quarrying SAMAC.
gold ore in limestone samac nickel ore africa mining company ndash samac pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying samacvestaindia.
pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac . pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac. how does a lizenithne quarry harm the environment.
solution to land degradation caused by rock quarrying pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac,What Can Be Done to pollution and disturbance of limestone .

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.370596
Retrieved Text: Aquinas made his points based on assumptions. Thus his assumptions need to be right. If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions are wrong.
The same goes for making a wrong twist to some seemingly logical conclusions. That's stacking the deck.
Since his 5 ways are philosophical of nature, believing it takes faith. Believing it without questioning whether he is right takes blind faith.
I wonder, do you attempt to understand the materialistic worldview? Can you understand it?
Then simply show where they are wrong.
I am not repeating it for no reason.I was only repeating it to point out how I gave evidence for our eternal God since Kenny denied I did.Well ask atheists for evidence atheism is true then and they'll tell you they don't have to have any evidence.Bottom line is I gave Kenny evidence he just refuses to acknowledge the facts for some reason.I'm all about evidence so if you have evidence atheism is true then give it,most atheists explain why they don't have to have any evidence.You should ask them for evidence and you'll see what I mean.
You prove me correct when I explained earlier how you don't go by evidence but how you feel.And because you don't go by evidence you are willing to go outside reality and assume things are possible that has no basis in reality and this is exactly what you're doing.You totally disregard the evidence I gave and by blind faith assume things are possible despite the evidence I gave that shows what you assume is possible without an uncaused first cause

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.324807
Retrieved Text: Advertising influences people to buy things such as clothes and shoes . What are the problems caused by that? What solutions can be given.
Advertising influences people to buy things such as clothes and shoes. What are the problems caused by that? What solutions can be given.
problems caused by excessive consumerism and suggest some ways forward.
often leads to feeling of inadequacy among the less well off.
adverts. It is also vital to teach our children financial management right from the early years.
This way there will be less chance for them to be swayed by the advertisements.
people could be educated about the ill effects of excessive consumerism.
Previous articleDiscuss your opinion on how modernism can affect our health . What can the government do to overcome such situations?
Next articleIn companies, promotions to high positions should be given to employees inside the company and not to somebody outside the company or new hiring. Do you agree or disagree?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.317901
Retrieved Text: For everyone with confusion about how to address people in your life who have caused sexual harm, here is a German-language guide from RESPONS Kollektiv. Several members of the TJ Kollketiv Berlin contributed to this handbook and we’re very happy to be able to offer it as a resource. It explains concretely how to plan and implement what we call “transformative work” with persons who’ve caused sexual harm.
What steps do persons who’ve caused harm need to take along the path to changing their behavior? What does accountability look and feel like? How can facilitators manage both empathy and accountability? Where can the process get stuck or derail, and how to get back on track?
The book also addresses how to coordinate your efforts with survivor support and wider community change and prevention work.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.308105
Retrieved Text: Engineering involves the application of mathematics, physics, and chemistry, but “the heart of engineering isn’t calculation; it’s problem solving,” writes John Kuprenas, a civil engineer. Here is a sampling of his insights.
The author defines force, stress, and strain. He also explains four characteristics of materials: stiffness/elasticity, strength, ductility/brittleness, and toughness.
“At the point a designer is invited into the design process, many assumptions have been made about the nature of a problem, and the desirable solutions. The wise designer begins by moving backward—investigating what caused the problem, what caused the causes, and what caused those causes. This reveals possibilities that might be very different from what the end user anticipated, but that meet the true need most effectively.” This reminds me of the five-why analysis discussed in The Toyota Way.
The book provides a good selection of concepts for prospective engineering students, especially those interested in civil and structural engineering. The title not only refers to the number of items presented, but is also a word play (intentional or not) on the introductory course number Civil Engineering 101.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.294294
Retrieved Text: ﻿ What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida? What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida?
What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.285478
Retrieved Text: I will explain what caused this error in a little bit, but first, let's do what SMCA can do with a Hex editor. I personally recommend HxD for this.
So, it is as simple as changing those bytes to match what you want the starting players location to be. Remember, everything is in Hex.
As you can see, this location has been removed by JPAN. It was a map script and in his hacked engine, all scripts are removed. This is what caused the error in SMCA. It was looking for either a 01, 02, 03, or 04 at offset 0x168CCB, but instead got an FF.
Thanks to DrFuji, we now know how to add this feature back in.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.272957
Retrieved Text: Take our advice to soothe your sore throat.
A sore throat may be a symptom of illness such as a cold or flu. Sore throat on its own is usually caused by a virus, but can be caused by bacteria. The most common cause of a bacterial sore throat is Streptococcus A.
At Hickey’s Pharmacy, we offer a Rapid Sore Throat Service to determine if your sore throat is caused by Strep A, which will need to be referred to a doctor for treatment with antibiotics. Infections caused by Strep A are most common in children aged 5-15, but can affect children and adults of other ages. Sore throat infections are spread through droplets when coughing or sneezing, by sharing drinks or utensils, or by close contact with an infected person.
These symptoms may last from 3 to 7 days; however, this depends on what is causing your sore throat. Our rapid sore throat test will be able to help determine what the cause is.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.262911
Retrieved Text: error resilence error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error resilence error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error resilence) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error resilence error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error resilence error that you may receive.
What is error resilence error?
The error resilence error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error resilence error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error resilence format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error resilence error?
The error resilence error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error resilence error?
1) Download (error resilence) repair utility.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.24927
Retrieved Text: error 0x7c9106c3 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error 0x7c9106c3 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error 0x7c9106c3) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error 0x7c9106c3 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error 0x7c9106c3 error that you may receive.
What is error 0x7c9106c3 error?
The error 0x7c9106c3 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error 0x7c9106c3 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error 0x7c9106c3 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error 0x7c9106c3 error?
The error 0x7c9106c3 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error 0x7c9106c3 error?
1) Download (error 0x7c9106c3) repair utility.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.24063
Retrieved Text: error 1910 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error 1910 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error 1910) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error 1910 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error 1910 error that you may receive.
What is error 1910 error?
The error 1910 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error 1910 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error 1910 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error 1910 error?
The error 1910 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error 1910 error?
1) Download (error 1910) repair utility.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.235414
Retrieved Text: Stomach cancer is caused by a malignant growth of a tumor into its structures. Although it can be genetic, most incidences recorded have been found to be related to diet.
If you are curious to find out more about this disease and learn the risk factors that predispose people to this cancer, then this health guideline will give you adequate information about it.
What is stomach cancer by definition?
Stomach cancer also referred by others as gastric cancer, is defined as an abnormal proliferation of cancer cells in the stomach structure affecting anywhere within the stomach. Most stomach cancers are adenocarcinomas. This means the tumor present on the stomach is malignant in nature and the growth is glandular. This type of cancer is known to have a higher incidence rate that affects more men than females.
What predisposes us to stomach cancer?
One factor that predisposes us to this type of cancer is related to diet high in smoked meats like barbeque, hams and grilled dishes. Diets that also contain pickled food also show a high incidence to this type of disease. Basically foods that contain large concentrations of nitrates are a no-nos. Secondly, alcohol and smoking has also been found to be related to its development. Constant irritation caused by alcohol and smoking to the lining of the stomach can cause the cells to mutate which can lead to cancer. Another factor that can lead to stomach cancer is a history of chronic gastric ulcers caused by helibactor pylori infection.
What are the early signs and symptoms to quickly identify this

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.19501
Retrieved Text: A water main break on Sunday caused what the Burbank Police Department called a large sinkhole on Winona Avenue and Brighton Street around 1:30 p.m. caused by a crack in the pipe.
A water main break on Sunday caused what the Burbank Police Department called a large sinkhole -- the second sinkhole in the city in the past two months.
The sinkhole at Winona Avenue and Brighton Street around 1:30 p.m. was caused by a crack in the pipe, said Burbank Police Sgt. Darin Ryburn.
Though the police department initially expected street closures and repairs to last one to two days, crews repaired the pipe and streets were reopened about 12 hours later, Ryburn said.
This is the second "sinkhole" incident in two months, with another occurrence also caused by a water main break sometime in November, he said.
The recent incident also follows an early morning water main break on Dec. 7 at Olive Avenue and Niagara Street after a 6-inch cast-iron pipe burst underground, causing water to flood Niagara Street and flow toward Alameda Avenue, Ryburn said.
Though officials said the Dec. 7 water main break was likely caused by cold weather, Bill Mace, assistant general manager with the city’s Public Works Department, said location played a primary factor in Sunday’s incident.
Mace also referred to the sinkhole as more of a crater, which is usually caused by an unknown leak that carries supporting soil underneath.
Although he didn't have immediate figures available on how many water main breaks occurred in 2013, Mace said it wasn’t a common occurrence.
“Burbank has a very

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.170957
Retrieved Text: an error 5003 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got an error 5003 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (an error 5003) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows an error 5003 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the an error 5003 error that you may receive.
What is an error 5003 error?
The an error 5003 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This an error 5003 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in an error 5003 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes an error 5003 error?
The an error 5003 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix an error 5003 error?
1) Download (an error 5003) repair utility.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.168183
Retrieved Text: firefox error xpcom error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got firefox error xpcom error then we strongly recommend that you Download (firefox error xpcom) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows firefox error xpcom error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the firefox error xpcom error that you may receive.
What is firefox error xpcom error?
The firefox error xpcom error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This firefox error xpcom error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in firefox error xpcom format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes firefox error xpcom error?
The firefox error xpcom error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix firefox error xpcom error?
1) Download (firefox error xpcom) repair utility.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.168183
Retrieved Text: cs3 uninstall error error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got cs3 uninstall error error then we strongly recommend that you Download (cs3 uninstall error) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows cs3 uninstall error error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the cs3 uninstall error error that you may receive.
What is cs3 uninstall error error?
The cs3 uninstall error error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This cs3 uninstall error error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in cs3 uninstall error format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes cs3 uninstall error error?
The cs3 uninstall error error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix cs3 uninstall error error?
1) Download (cs3 uninstall error) repair utility.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.162529
Retrieved Text: Don’t worry–you aren’t the first to ask. Here are some answers to questions we get asked often.
What is causing material from the work piece to become present on the contact surface of an abrasive wheel? How can I correct this problem?
This is referred to as wheel loading. The cause of this issue is using the incorrect wheel specification - too fine of a grain. To correct this problem, change wheel specification to a coarse grit or a more open structure to allow clearance of chips.
What is causing wheel glazing? What is the solution to this problem?
Wheel glazing occurs when exposed grain becomes dull and does not let new sharp grains become exposed. This is caused by using the incorrect wheel and/or faulty operation. The solution is to use a coarser grit size - soft bond for hard material, hard bond for soft material.
What is causing the wheel to break?
Irregular wheel breakage is caused by the wheel being damaged in handling or the wheel jamming. Chordal wheel breakage is caused by too much side load pressure and radial wheel breakage (three or more pieces) is caused by too much wheel pressure on the work surface. Causes could also include wheel jams in work surface, improper wheel mounting, or wheel speed being too high.
Why is the wheel cutting slowly?
Slow cut rates can be caused by the following reasons: not enough power, contact area being too large, grit size too fine, wheel bond being too hard, or the wheel not running true. Solutions can include: increasing the pressure on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.157787
Retrieved Text: 303 error page error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got 303 error page error then we strongly recommend that you Download (303 error page) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows 303 error page error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the 303 error page error that you may receive.
What is 303 error page error?
The 303 error page error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This 303 error page error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in 303 error page format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes 303 error page error?
The 303 error page error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix 303 error page error?
1) Download (303 error page) repair utility.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.157787
Retrieved Text: ethernet overrun error error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got ethernet overrun error error then we strongly recommend that you Download (ethernet overrun error) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows ethernet overrun error error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the ethernet overrun error error that you may receive.
What is ethernet overrun error error?
The ethernet overrun error error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This ethernet overrun error error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in ethernet overrun error format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes ethernet overrun error error?
The ethernet overrun error error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix ethernet overrun error error?
1) Download (ethernet overrun error) repair utility.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.157391
Retrieved Text: error reading memory error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error reading memory error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error reading memory) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error reading memory error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error reading memory error that you may receive.
What is error reading memory error?
The error reading memory error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error reading memory error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error reading memory format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error reading memory error?
The error reading memory error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error reading memory error?
1) Download (error reading memory) repair utility.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.154213
Retrieved Text: bug error difference error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got bug error difference error then we strongly recommend that you Download (bug error difference) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows bug error difference error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the bug error difference error that you may receive.
What is bug error difference error?
The bug error difference error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This bug error difference error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in bug error difference format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes bug error difference error?
The bug error difference error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix bug error difference error?
1) Download (bug error difference) repair utility.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.1503
Retrieved Text: nwiz error shutdown error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got nwiz error shutdown error then we strongly recommend that you Download (nwiz error shutdown) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows nwiz error shutdown error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the nwiz error shutdown error that you may receive.
What is nwiz error shutdown error?
The nwiz error shutdown error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This nwiz error shutdown error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in nwiz error shutdown format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes nwiz error shutdown error?
The nwiz error shutdown error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix nwiz error shutdown error?
1) Download (nwiz error shutdown) repair utility.

================



======= Instance Index 21086 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: and i 'll be in minneapolis all weekend . and ... due to the unfortunate circumstances that led to the wiping of the family hard drives and loss of all previously pirated programs ... i have no microsoft office installed on any of the household computers . and everything she sent me was in word format .
Question: What caused this ?
Options: 
- Word is installed
 - The necessary software is gone
 - None of the above choices .
 - Office is installed

Target Text: The necessary software is gone

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.661262
Retrieved Text: what double free or corruption error in c error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got what double free or corruption error in c error then we strongly recommend that you Download (what double free or corruption error in c) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows what double free or corruption error in c error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the what double free or corruption error in c error that you may receive.
What is what double free or corruption error in c error?
The what double free or corruption error in c error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This what double free or corruption error in c error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in what double free or corruption error in c format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes what double free or corruption error in c error?
The what double free or corruption error in c error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.57924
Retrieved Text: What Caused the Fatal 2014 Eruption of Japan's Mount Ontake?
Analysis of the change in the stratovolcano's tilt just prior to the explosion suggests that the cracking of a previously intact fluid barrier caused the country's deadliest eruption since 1926.
Although steam-driven phreatic eruptions commonly occur in volcanoes and can cause significant natural disasters, very few modeling studies have focused on them. To address this dearth, Maeda et al. investigated the dynamics of the 2014 eruption of Japan’s 3067-meter-high Mount Ontake. This phreatic event occurred without clear warning and, despite its small size, killed an estimated 63 hikers in what became the country’s most deadly eruption in nearly 90 years.
In this study, the researchers scrutinized a change in tilt observed at two stations beginning about 7 minutes prior to the event. The team used this record to conduct two separate analyses, one of which constrained the source location and mechanism of the tilt and a second that quantified how much this tilt varied over time. The team then used this information to develop analytical models to characterize the events leading up to the disaster.
The results suggest that the eruption of Mount Ontake was preceded by the opening of a vertical crack at a depth of about 1100 meters and that the observed change in tilt was likely caused by the widespread cracking of previously intact rock by intensely boiling groundwater. Because this subterranean rock likely served as a barrier to the upward migration of fluids prior to the start of tilting, argue the authors, the fracturing of this

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.540564
Retrieved Text: Jittering playback in Premiere 6.5 Monitor window.
I have no idea what caused this, or what could cause this.
It happened on various video files I have imported to Premiere, so I guess it is not the video that went wrong.
What can I do now> Where can i start digging to find out what caused this?
My system is more than enough for Premiere6.5 and I have been using it for half a year now, without any problems.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.506677
Retrieved Text: FREE e-book on reversing your bad health. Health problems are caused by a nutrition deficiency. For instance joint pain is caused by two bones rubbing together. Without the lubrication between the bones you have this ailment. A deficiency caused this problem. The body did not have this nutrition to make the lubrication. FREE e-book tells what nutrition each ailment needs to repair itself.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.493868
Retrieved Text: What should we do if there is an error in the accuracy of CNC wire cutting?
What should we do if there is an error in the accuracy of CNC wire cutting edm machine?
CNC wire cutting edm machine processing of the wrong part of the work, but also to deduct the money, there are wood, why is it always wrong, is it because of its own reasons, or this machine can only cut so bad?
When it comes to the cause of the accuracy error, there are the following points.
1. Calculate the accuracy error caused by mistakes. This is the cause of man-made. Even the experienced master will happen, but it can be eliminated by checking and trial processing.
2, the accuracy error caused by material deformation, this aspect requires the corresponding measures in the early stage of processing, the processing should also take a response method, the experience of wire cutting is here.
3. The error caused by the control of the machine tool cabinet is basically not happening nowadays, because the wire cutting has been developed in China for decades and the technology is very mature.
4, CNC wire cutting edm machine itself caused by the accuracy of the error, this aspect mainly refers to the mechanical precision, generally the accuracy is between 0.02-0.005mm, if it exceeds, it maybe the machine tool itself has problems.
In addition to the four main reasons, some of the reasons may be caused by the accuracy of the wire cutting process.
2, the loss of molybdenum wire should be processed for a long time without

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.488467
Retrieved Text: What led to “Parting of the Ways” between Christians and Jews?
What claims did Christians make against Jews?
How was Gentile Christian antisemitism expressed, and what functions did it serve in Christianity’s development?
Why did Jews not become Christians?
In brief, common expressions of Christian antisemitism are rooted in the Gospel claim that the Jews caused Jesus’ crucifixion. Christians thus believed (and many still believe) that Christian antisemitism was no more than an appropriate response to Jewish malevolence. Added to this were accusations that Jewish hard-hearted obstinacy caused their refusal to worship Jesus Christ as the Messiah; and their predilection for sin caused Jewish refusal to join Gentile Christianity in discarding Jewish Scriptural laws and rituals.
This site provides an article gathered from many sources that examines, develops, and supports these views.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.425485
Retrieved Text: Remember, this only reflects what the tech spear-head internet users are browsing with.
Edit: Does anyone know what can have caused the pothole in the IE curve, back in 2002?
Posted at 18:13. Categories: browsers, Internet Explorer. Both comments and trackbacks are closed.
“Does anyone know what can have caused the pothole in the IE curve, back in 2002?”I’m sure your question is rhetorical, but just in case. Looking at the graph, it would appear during the same period that Mozilla took life.
No, I didn’t mean it as a rhetorical question. I doubt the launch of Mozilla could have caused such a den’t in IE’s numbers, even at a website like W3Schools. Anyone agree/disagree?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.394488
Retrieved Text: What would occur to muscle function if a disease caused a malfunction in the enzyme creatine kinase? Include in your response the function of creatine kinase and the cellular events that would be most compromised by the loss of this enzyme. Be specific.
This solution discusses what would occur to muscle function if a disease caused a malfunction in the enzyme creatine kinase.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.380019
Retrieved Text: limestone mining health risks samac. pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying SAMAC Mining http //en Sheema stone quarry risks closure over pollution.
Control device means the air pollution control equipment used to reduce particulate matter emis pollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC.
stone crushing industry, and associated health pollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC Sheema stone quarry risks closure over pollution Chat Now!
pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac. pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying samac What are two types of pollution caused by the rock quarry pollution.
Pollution Caused By Limestone Quarrying Samac. Fiji pollution from stone quarry aggregate crusherpollution caused by limestone quarryingSAMAC.
process of quarrying limestone greenrevolution. Process flow diagram for limestone pollution caused by limestone quarrying SAMAC.
gold ore in limestone samac nickel ore africa mining company ndash samac pollution caused by lizenithne quarrying samacvestaindia.
pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac . pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac. how does a lizenithne quarry harm the environment.
solution to land degradation caused by rock quarrying pollution caused by limestone quarrying samac,What Can Be Done to pollution and disturbance of limestone .

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.370596
Retrieved Text: Aquinas made his points based on assumptions. Thus his assumptions need to be right. If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions are wrong.
The same goes for making a wrong twist to some seemingly logical conclusions. That's stacking the deck.
Since his 5 ways are philosophical of nature, believing it takes faith. Believing it without questioning whether he is right takes blind faith.
I wonder, do you attempt to understand the materialistic worldview? Can you understand it?
Then simply show where they are wrong.
I am not repeating it for no reason.I was only repeating it to point out how I gave evidence for our eternal God since Kenny denied I did.Well ask atheists for evidence atheism is true then and they'll tell you they don't have to have any evidence.Bottom line is I gave Kenny evidence he just refuses to acknowledge the facts for some reason.I'm all about evidence so if you have evidence atheism is true then give it,most atheists explain why they don't have to have any evidence.You should ask them for evidence and you'll see what I mean.
You prove me correct when I explained earlier how you don't go by evidence but how you feel.And because you don't go by evidence you are willing to go outside reality and assume things are possible that has no basis in reality and this is exactly what you're doing.You totally disregard the evidence I gave and by blind faith assume things are possible despite the evidence I gave that shows what you assume is possible without an uncaused first cause

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.324807
Retrieved Text: Advertising influences people to buy things such as clothes and shoes . What are the problems caused by that? What solutions can be given.
Advertising influences people to buy things such as clothes and shoes. What are the problems caused by that? What solutions can be given.
problems caused by excessive consumerism and suggest some ways forward.
often leads to feeling of inadequacy among the less well off.
adverts. It is also vital to teach our children financial management right from the early years.
This way there will be less chance for them to be swayed by the advertisements.
people could be educated about the ill effects of excessive consumerism.
Previous articleDiscuss your opinion on how modernism can affect our health . What can the government do to overcome such situations?
Next articleIn companies, promotions to high positions should be given to employees inside the company and not to somebody outside the company or new hiring. Do you agree or disagree?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.317901
Retrieved Text: For everyone with confusion about how to address people in your life who have caused sexual harm, here is a German-language guide from RESPONS Kollektiv. Several members of the TJ Kollketiv Berlin contributed to this handbook and we’re very happy to be able to offer it as a resource. It explains concretely how to plan and implement what we call “transformative work” with persons who’ve caused sexual harm.
What steps do persons who’ve caused harm need to take along the path to changing their behavior? What does accountability look and feel like? How can facilitators manage both empathy and accountability? Where can the process get stuck or derail, and how to get back on track?
The book also addresses how to coordinate your efforts with survivor support and wider community change and prevention work.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.308105
Retrieved Text: Engineering involves the application of mathematics, physics, and chemistry, but “the heart of engineering isn’t calculation; it’s problem solving,” writes John Kuprenas, a civil engineer. Here is a sampling of his insights.
The author defines force, stress, and strain. He also explains four characteristics of materials: stiffness/elasticity, strength, ductility/brittleness, and toughness.
“At the point a designer is invited into the design process, many assumptions have been made about the nature of a problem, and the desirable solutions. The wise designer begins by moving backward—investigating what caused the problem, what caused the causes, and what caused those causes. This reveals possibilities that might be very different from what the end user anticipated, but that meet the true need most effectively.” This reminds me of the five-why analysis discussed in The Toyota Way.
The book provides a good selection of concepts for prospective engineering students, especially those interested in civil and structural engineering. The title not only refers to the number of items presented, but is also a word play (intentional or not) on the introductory course number Civil Engineering 101.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.294294
Retrieved Text: ﻿ What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida? What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida?
What caused severe hailstorm in Delhi-NCR - ​Manali in Noida?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.285478
Retrieved Text: I will explain what caused this error in a little bit, but first, let's do what SMCA can do with a Hex editor. I personally recommend HxD for this.
So, it is as simple as changing those bytes to match what you want the starting players location to be. Remember, everything is in Hex.
As you can see, this location has been removed by JPAN. It was a map script and in his hacked engine, all scripts are removed. This is what caused the error in SMCA. It was looking for either a 01, 02, 03, or 04 at offset 0x168CCB, but instead got an FF.
Thanks to DrFuji, we now know how to add this feature back in.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.272957
Retrieved Text: Take our advice to soothe your sore throat.
A sore throat may be a symptom of illness such as a cold or flu. Sore throat on its own is usually caused by a virus, but can be caused by bacteria. The most common cause of a bacterial sore throat is Streptococcus A.
At Hickey’s Pharmacy, we offer a Rapid Sore Throat Service to determine if your sore throat is caused by Strep A, which will need to be referred to a doctor for treatment with antibiotics. Infections caused by Strep A are most common in children aged 5-15, but can affect children and adults of other ages. Sore throat infections are spread through droplets when coughing or sneezing, by sharing drinks or utensils, or by close contact with an infected person.
These symptoms may last from 3 to 7 days; however, this depends on what is causing your sore throat. Our rapid sore throat test will be able to help determine what the cause is.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.262911
Retrieved Text: error resilence error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error resilence error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error resilence) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error resilence error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error resilence error that you may receive.
What is error resilence error?
The error resilence error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error resilence error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error resilence format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error resilence error?
The error resilence error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error resilence error?
1) Download (error resilence) repair utility.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.24927
Retrieved Text: error 0x7c9106c3 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error 0x7c9106c3 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error 0x7c9106c3) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error 0x7c9106c3 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error 0x7c9106c3 error that you may receive.
What is error 0x7c9106c3 error?
The error 0x7c9106c3 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error 0x7c9106c3 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error 0x7c9106c3 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error 0x7c9106c3 error?
The error 0x7c9106c3 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error 0x7c9106c3 error?
1) Download (error 0x7c9106c3) repair utility.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.24063
Retrieved Text: error 1910 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error 1910 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error 1910) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error 1910 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error 1910 error that you may receive.
What is error 1910 error?
The error 1910 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error 1910 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error 1910 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error 1910 error?
The error 1910 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error 1910 error?
1) Download (error 1910) repair utility.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.235414
Retrieved Text: Stomach cancer is caused by a malignant growth of a tumor into its structures. Although it can be genetic, most incidences recorded have been found to be related to diet.
If you are curious to find out more about this disease and learn the risk factors that predispose people to this cancer, then this health guideline will give you adequate information about it.
What is stomach cancer by definition?
Stomach cancer also referred by others as gastric cancer, is defined as an abnormal proliferation of cancer cells in the stomach structure affecting anywhere within the stomach. Most stomach cancers are adenocarcinomas. This means the tumor present on the stomach is malignant in nature and the growth is glandular. This type of cancer is known to have a higher incidence rate that affects more men than females.
What predisposes us to stomach cancer?
One factor that predisposes us to this type of cancer is related to diet high in smoked meats like barbeque, hams and grilled dishes. Diets that also contain pickled food also show a high incidence to this type of disease. Basically foods that contain large concentrations of nitrates are a no-nos. Secondly, alcohol and smoking has also been found to be related to its development. Constant irritation caused by alcohol and smoking to the lining of the stomach can cause the cells to mutate which can lead to cancer. Another factor that can lead to stomach cancer is a history of chronic gastric ulcers caused by helibactor pylori infection.
What are the early signs and symptoms to quickly identify this

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.19501
Retrieved Text: A water main break on Sunday caused what the Burbank Police Department called a large sinkhole on Winona Avenue and Brighton Street around 1:30 p.m. caused by a crack in the pipe.
A water main break on Sunday caused what the Burbank Police Department called a large sinkhole -- the second sinkhole in the city in the past two months.
The sinkhole at Winona Avenue and Brighton Street around 1:30 p.m. was caused by a crack in the pipe, said Burbank Police Sgt. Darin Ryburn.
Though the police department initially expected street closures and repairs to last one to two days, crews repaired the pipe and streets were reopened about 12 hours later, Ryburn said.
This is the second "sinkhole" incident in two months, with another occurrence also caused by a water main break sometime in November, he said.
The recent incident also follows an early morning water main break on Dec. 7 at Olive Avenue and Niagara Street after a 6-inch cast-iron pipe burst underground, causing water to flood Niagara Street and flow toward Alameda Avenue, Ryburn said.
Though officials said the Dec. 7 water main break was likely caused by cold weather, Bill Mace, assistant general manager with the city’s Public Works Department, said location played a primary factor in Sunday’s incident.
Mace also referred to the sinkhole as more of a crater, which is usually caused by an unknown leak that carries supporting soil underneath.
Although he didn't have immediate figures available on how many water main breaks occurred in 2013, Mace said it wasn’t a common occurrence.
“Burbank has a very

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.170957
Retrieved Text: an error 5003 error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got an error 5003 error then we strongly recommend that you Download (an error 5003) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows an error 5003 error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the an error 5003 error that you may receive.
What is an error 5003 error?
The an error 5003 error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This an error 5003 error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in an error 5003 format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes an error 5003 error?
The an error 5003 error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix an error 5003 error?
1) Download (an error 5003) repair utility.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.168183
Retrieved Text: firefox error xpcom error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got firefox error xpcom error then we strongly recommend that you Download (firefox error xpcom) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows firefox error xpcom error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the firefox error xpcom error that you may receive.
What is firefox error xpcom error?
The firefox error xpcom error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This firefox error xpcom error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in firefox error xpcom format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes firefox error xpcom error?
The firefox error xpcom error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix firefox error xpcom error?
1) Download (firefox error xpcom) repair utility.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.168183
Retrieved Text: cs3 uninstall error error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got cs3 uninstall error error then we strongly recommend that you Download (cs3 uninstall error) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows cs3 uninstall error error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the cs3 uninstall error error that you may receive.
What is cs3 uninstall error error?
The cs3 uninstall error error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This cs3 uninstall error error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in cs3 uninstall error format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes cs3 uninstall error error?
The cs3 uninstall error error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix cs3 uninstall error error?
1) Download (cs3 uninstall error) repair utility.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.162529
Retrieved Text: Don’t worry–you aren’t the first to ask. Here are some answers to questions we get asked often.
What is causing material from the work piece to become present on the contact surface of an abrasive wheel? How can I correct this problem?
This is referred to as wheel loading. The cause of this issue is using the incorrect wheel specification - too fine of a grain. To correct this problem, change wheel specification to a coarse grit or a more open structure to allow clearance of chips.
What is causing wheel glazing? What is the solution to this problem?
Wheel glazing occurs when exposed grain becomes dull and does not let new sharp grains become exposed. This is caused by using the incorrect wheel and/or faulty operation. The solution is to use a coarser grit size - soft bond for hard material, hard bond for soft material.
What is causing the wheel to break?
Irregular wheel breakage is caused by the wheel being damaged in handling or the wheel jamming. Chordal wheel breakage is caused by too much side load pressure and radial wheel breakage (three or more pieces) is caused by too much wheel pressure on the work surface. Causes could also include wheel jams in work surface, improper wheel mounting, or wheel speed being too high.
Why is the wheel cutting slowly?
Slow cut rates can be caused by the following reasons: not enough power, contact area being too large, grit size too fine, wheel bond being too hard, or the wheel not running true. Solutions can include: increasing the pressure on

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.157787
Retrieved Text: 303 error page error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got 303 error page error then we strongly recommend that you Download (303 error page) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows 303 error page error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the 303 error page error that you may receive.
What is 303 error page error?
The 303 error page error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This 303 error page error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in 303 error page format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes 303 error page error?
The 303 error page error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix 303 error page error?
1) Download (303 error page) repair utility.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.157787
Retrieved Text: ethernet overrun error error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got ethernet overrun error error then we strongly recommend that you Download (ethernet overrun error) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows ethernet overrun error error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the ethernet overrun error error that you may receive.
What is ethernet overrun error error?
The ethernet overrun error error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This ethernet overrun error error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in ethernet overrun error format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes ethernet overrun error error?
The ethernet overrun error error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix ethernet overrun error error?
1) Download (ethernet overrun error) repair utility.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.157391
Retrieved Text: error reading memory error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got error reading memory error then we strongly recommend that you Download (error reading memory) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows error reading memory error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the error reading memory error that you may receive.
What is error reading memory error?
The error reading memory error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This error reading memory error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in error reading memory format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes error reading memory error?
The error reading memory error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix error reading memory error?
1) Download (error reading memory) repair utility.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.154213
Retrieved Text: bug error difference error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got bug error difference error then we strongly recommend that you Download (bug error difference) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows bug error difference error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the bug error difference error that you may receive.
What is bug error difference error?
The bug error difference error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This bug error difference error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in bug error difference format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes bug error difference error?
The bug error difference error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix bug error difference error?
1) Download (bug error difference) repair utility.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.1503
Retrieved Text: nwiz error shutdown error codes are caused, in one way or another, by misconfigured system files in your Windows operating system.
So, If you've got nwiz error shutdown error then we strongly recommend that you Download (nwiz error shutdown) Repair Tool.
This article contains information that shows you how to fix your Windows nwiz error shutdown error both (manually) and (automatically) , In addition, this article will help you troubleshoot some common error messages related to the nwiz error shutdown error that you may receive.
What is nwiz error shutdown error?
The nwiz error shutdown error is the reference format of the error caused. This is common error code format used by Windows and other Windows compatible software and driver vendors.
This code is used by the vendor to identify the error caused. This nwiz error shutdown error code has a numeric error number and a technical description. In some cases the error may have more parameters in nwiz error shutdown format. This additional hexadecimal code are the address of the memory locations where the instruction(s) was loaded at the time of the error.
What causes nwiz error shutdown error?
The nwiz error shutdown error may be caused by Windows system files damage. The corrupted system files entries can be a real threat to the well being of your computer.
How to easily fix nwiz error shutdown error?
1) Download (nwiz error shutdown) repair utility.

================



======= Instance Index 4905 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Today I sat like a lump during almost the entire worship service . Not only pitiful , but a hindrance to my worship . Later I was attempting to chat with some friends , but that again required standing with no support . I tried to take one step backward to lean on a window sill , and everybody thought I was leaving the conversation .
Question: What is wrong ?
Options: 
- Something is wrong with my feet .
 - None of the above choices .
 - Something is wrong with my worship .
 - Something is wrong with the conversation .

Target Text: Something is wrong with my feet .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.662769
Retrieved Text: Caricatures – WHAT WENT WRONG WITH…?
What Went Wrong With… Matt Berry?
What Went Wrong With… And What Is Wrong With… Eric Clapton?
What Went Wrong With… Fans Defending Celebrities (Especially Celebrity Bigots)?
What Went Wrong With… And What Is Wrong With… Cardi B?
What Went Wrong With… And What Is Wrong With… Piers Morgan?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.436915
Retrieved Text: #96 I have read this FAQ and I am not convinced. Humans are humans, animals are animals; is it so difficult to see that?
What is wrong with cannibalism?
What is wrong with slavery?
What is wrong with racial prejudice?
What is wrong with sexual discrimination?
What is wrong with killing children or the mentally ill?
What is wrong with the Nazi experiments on humans?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.031611
Retrieved Text: Is it wrong to stay in a relationship if your semi withdrawn and semi depressed?
What does it sound like could be wrong with my throat?
Cat won t let me sleep what is wrong?
I think my eye doctor gave me the wrong prescription?
Something is wrong electronically with my car. Battery problem or something else. 2005 Lexus IS300?
Trying to find out where I went wrong on finding where sqrt(x)/(n+5) is decreasing?
Was I led on by this girl, or did I just read the situation wrong?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.945107
Retrieved Text: What would happen if you swallowed a metformin down the wrong way I just took it at 9:09 tonight. I hope it melts away or I should say dissolve. ?
What would happen if you took a metformin and it went down the wrong way?
What would happen if metformin went down the wrong way?
What would happen if you swallow a hair and it went down the wrong way?
What would happen if you too amitriptyline and it went down the wrong way?
What happens if you swallow a bottle cap and it went down the wrong way?
What happen if you took amitriptyline and it went down the wrong way?
What would happen if you swallow a metformin down the wrong way?
What would happen if you took a little pill and it went down the wrong way?
Can a metformin go down the wrong way?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.943811
Retrieved Text: Right or Wrong? Right or Wrong? How many times must an individual be faced with those three words in a lifetime? What makes them choose one or the other? Is the right choice always necessarily the moral choice? Who decides what is right or wrong? These are all relevant questions in this struggling issue in life.
In the current competitive and dynamic world, it is very hard to define the boundary between right and wrong. In deed, the definition of what is right and what.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.924633
Retrieved Text: the tableau calculation is valid but i am getting wrong values.
1. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
2. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
but i am just getting 0 when i am using your calculation as i was getting for mine.
3. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
Hi, could you attach a packaged workbook with some sample data?
4. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
Per the formula you had given it will result in 1 only in one case as shown below. Rest all will have 0s.
5. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
Your calculation looks like it should work as you're intending. What do your results look like and what do you want them to look like?
6. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
Thank you for taking time and giving such a detailed reply. but i am just getting 0 when i use your approach. i was able to achieve it by using 2 calculations.
for the above calculation i was getting Null and 0 so i wrote another calculation to replace Null with 1. But my values are matching perfectly.
still thanks a lot. there are few which i am unable to crack you can have a look at them if you have some time.
sorry i am unable to attach a sample workbook as it contains many fields and i am just unable to replicate these logic's.
7. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
if you can provide any insights for the below !!
8. Re: What Am I doing Wrong?
Please attach the sample data in excel so that I can help you with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.91143
Retrieved Text: What the hell is wrong with me? Have I completely lost my mind?
How can it be possible, there was no warning sign.
As I sit in my room and try to keep you out of my head, Everything I think of, still points to you instead.
What the hell is wrong with me? Can this really be true?
All I ever think about is spending time with you.
I told myself I’d never fall for another one.
Because of you in my life that curse has been undone.
What the hell is wrong with me? Have I thought it through?
Every waking hour I want to be with you.
My morals keep asking if what I’m doing is right?
There’s something that comes over me when I hold you tight.
What the hell is wrong with me? Is all of this for real?
Your already taken, that’s a fact and it all becomes surreal.
Should I just let it go and move on with my life?
Why have I fallen for someone else’s wife?
What the hell is wrong with me? I should wake up and see the light.
I just can’t understand how something so wrong, makes me feel so right.
My mind is spinning round and round a hundred miles an hour.
I guess I should accept the fact, that it’s not within my power.
What the hell is wrong with me? Even writing this little poem.
Maybe I should back way way off, and leave it all alone.
I know it sounds real easy, I should just make the call.
It’s really quite the opposite when your heart has taken that fall.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.898009
Retrieved Text: English Forum Switzerland - View Single Post - Is it wrong to snigger at what your child is doing?
Thread: Is it wrong to snigger at what your child is doing?
Re: Is it wrong to snigger at what your child is doing?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.893516
Retrieved Text: Jiddu Krishnamurthy once said - It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society.
When I first read this statement, I did not immediately realize the profound influence of this statement, on me. Nor did I realize the extent to which I had already held this belief and will continue to hold for a long time to come.
As I was growing up, I never considered myself "well adjusted". I liked to be with myself and keep myself engaged in activities that I find useful to do. And I never really understood, let alone appreciate the concept of being part of the "gang".
It was only recently after having read this statement that I started exploring what this really meant for me.
Of all the people I have known in life, I noticed one thing in common amongst them - absolutely common amongst ALL of them - irrespective of age, religion, caste, creed, economic status or any other demographic classification - their ability, willingness as well as taken for granted way of classifying things as right or wrong.
Of course, there were differences between people who very strongly and rigidly considered their rights from wrongs and people who vehemently claimed they did not consider anything as right or wrong and just accepted things. Also, there is a wide range of varieties of people in between these extremes.
The thing I noticed about the people who decidedly NOT categorized things as right and wrong was the amount of effort they put into NOT categorizing. This itself is

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.87329
Retrieved Text: Not knowing what to do may give you wrong result; knowing what to do and not doing it may also give your wrong result. Also, doing what you should do at the wrong time may also produce wrong result. Therefore not knowing what to do may give the same result as knowing what to do and not doing it or even doing what you should do at the wrong time.
Whatever God tells you to do or know is for your good. If He tells you to sit or stand; or to go or come; to wait or move; to give or to receive, it is for your good and it is because you can.
Being alive is good; having your PVC is better but praying by the right time to activate God’s miracles; for evil forces to be destroyed and for a peaceful election is the best.
If there is crises where you are, will you be able to use your PVC?
Congratulations to us as we use PRAY NIGERIA to educate Nigerians and beyond on the help of God- praying by the time. We know what to do.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.871332
Retrieved Text: get metrics on security as well.
we can get from it)?
-Cast region with wrong size.
C/C++ projects or with some specific flag?
> get metrics on security as well.
> we can get from it)?
> 	-Cast region with wrong size.
of these security problems by module, or something like that?
> C/C++ projects or with some specific flag?
> > we can get from it)?
> > 	-Cast region with wrong size.
> of these security problems by module, or something like that?
Q is the number of occurrences How about that?
> > C/C++ projects or with some specific flag?
of using them all, is that what you meant?
> > > we can get from it)?
> > >     -Cast region with wrong size.
> > of these security problems by module, or something like that?
> Q is the number of occurrences How about that?
Terceiro and Joenio, what you think guys?
> > > C/C++ projects or with some specific flag?
> of using them all, is that what you meant?
> > > > we can get from it)?
> > > >     -Cast region with wrong size.
> > > of these security problems by module, or something like that?
> > Q is the number of occurrences How about that?
> Terceiro and Joenio, what you think guys?
security flaws by module, what makes sense.
can add some metrics according to NIST priority list.
What you and Kanashiro think?
>         -Cast region with wrong size.
option to select the extract/parser to collect metrics. What your opinion?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.867784
Retrieved Text: @roseanne_555 what the hell is wrong with you!!!!!
@Rude_Astrology what the hell is wrong with you?
@Hajabeg Scorpio: Saggs and Pisces and Virgos.
@CharlieDaniels the Romans and the Egyptians kept their countries from invasion 👽👽👽 What the hell is wrong with protecting your borders ???

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.849813
Retrieved Text: What is wrong in the expression?
What is wrong in my expression for PAC Date? attached is qvw for reference.
Re: What is wrong in the expression?
You asked for the MAX date so it is displayed. The correct date is shown when you select project number because that PAC date is the MAX date for the selection. Try removing MAX function and see if you get what you expect.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.809088
Retrieved Text: We live in a society that is continually blurring the lines between what is right and what is wrong. Situation Ethics and Political Correctness affirms that the context of the moment determines if a thing is right or wrong. It champions the attitude “that what may be right for me may not be right for you and visa-versa. This attitude and approach to ethics and morality has been around for a long time: “In those days there was no king in Israel; everyone did what was right in his own eyes” (Judges 17:6). Men tend to make and obey their own rules of behavior.
King Solomon warned about letting your personal opinions be your guide in ethics and morality: “There is a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death” (Proverbs 14:12). Therefore, the King warned not to do that which is right in our eyes (Proverbs 21:2). Jesus taught that ONLY knowing the truth will set a person free (John 8:32, 36). Lies never free us!
Do men determine through laws they create what is right or wrong?
Does a tribe, group, or culture determine what is right or wrong?
Does a community or neighborhood determine what is right or wrong?
Does a person’s “gut feeling”, hunch, or instinct determine right or wrong?
Does a court or tribunal determine what is right or wrong?
Do situational and contextual conditions dictate what is right or wrong?
Does a Supreme Being—the God of the Bible—determine what is right or wrong?
A study of history in the context of the

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.782388
Retrieved Text: Moral realism in philosophy is a point of view that puts forth the idea of moral facts and values that must be followed by every human being. We, at OpinionFront, explain this concept along with definition and examples to give you a fine overview of moral realism.
Many philosophers believe that the concept of moral realism was probably the work of the great Greek philosopher Plato.
Wouldn't the world be chaotic, if there were no ethics, no morality? If harming others was just okay, and nobody would even judge you. Breaking all the rules, not having one bit of kindness, troubling others as though they were mere toys. Not caring or feeling any sympathy towards the oppressed, and continually torturing them without any remorse.
All this would seem normal because this is what an individual in society would do if he/she did not have morality. The sense of doing the right things for yourself and for others is what moral realism focuses on. Let us see what exactly moral realism is about.
Moral realism is an ethical view that says that there are certain moral facts and rules that every individual must follow. These facts are like a way of living, a moral lifestyle, that define your behavior towards people and other things. Things which are right and those which are wrong, what should be done and what shouldn't be, what is acceptable and what isn't, are moral facts. Moral facts can be descriptive for a single or all individuals.
She is morally good. - for a single individual.
Stealing is morally

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.774852
Retrieved Text: I’ve learned a small change in wording that makes a huge difference in relationship. It applies in all areas of life, because it strengthens connection.
Being Right implies only one way is correct. Being Not-Wrong encourages many avenues.
Being Right is competitive. Being Not-Wrong is inclusive.
Being Right collapses. Being Not-Wrong expands.
It’s not about being right. It’s about being not wrong. Because being Right is about approval, whereas being Not-Wrong is about validation.
We all just want to be heard. To be seen.
What is the first relationship in your own life that came to mind as you read this? Is it your colleague? Your teenager? Your partner? Yourself? What is one person you could respond this way to, today? What is one mental conversation you could respond to yourself with this, today?
← Can I Get A “Heck, Yeah!”?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.771425
Retrieved Text: Ray Hemachandra: Rabbi, what makes a rabbi, priest, or guru a good teacher or guide to God? And what are the warning signs for followers or flock that someone is off the mark?
Rabbi David Zeller: Sense of humor is important. Humility is also very important, but real humility. There is a tremendous amount of phony humility.
I think that the sexuality issue is a major red flag. I’ve seen rabbis and swamis and Zen masters all take the fall. They all think they know what they’re doing, and they all think it’s different in this case or whatever, and they’re all wrong.
The ego takes over and says, “I know what I’m doing,” and it doesn’t have the faintest idea.
I could be wrong? I could be wrong. I could be wrong. I could be wrong? And so on, with all the subtleties and variations.
For teachers, if you can’t say “I could be wrong,” you’re in the wrong business.
When I would teach teachers, even just in regular public school systems, I’d say, “If a student asks a question, and you don’t know the answer, say: That is a great question! I don’t know. I’m going to have to do some research on that. Thank you! Don’t say: That has nothing to do with our subject! or, You didn’t raise your hand. Just say: Wow. I don’t know.
A good teacher can say “I could be wrong” or “I don’t know.” A good teacher knows how to stay within herself or himself and not cross all those boundaries in the very

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.764468
Retrieved Text: Pre-emptive correction is all about making sure your pupils gets it right before they have a chance to get it wrong.
It is widely believed that if you get something wrong enough times, the penny will suddenly drop and you will miraculously start getting it right. Unfortunately, learning to spell just is not like that. The more times you spell a word wrongly, especially if it is always the same ‘wrong’, the more deeply ingrained that wrong spelling becomes—it becomes a habit.
To learn a spelling, your pupil needs to spell that word correctly enough times for it to become automatic. Every time they spell a word wrongly they are moving away from that goal. They are practising getting it wrong.
Get the Correction in First.
You know that your pupil has trouble remembering ‘what’. You can see ‘what’ coming up in a sentence dictation or spelling test. Practise it before they have to write it from memory, before they get a chance to get it wrong.
Ask them to read the word and spell it aloud.
Tell the child to write ‘what’.
They will usually get it right in the exercise afterwards. But if they do start to go wrong, stop them straight away and repeat the correction.
Don’t let them practise getting it wrong.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.752376
Retrieved Text: Hit or Miss? What is wrong with this photo of Efya?
Hit or Miss? Efya is a great singer but is she good at revealing her ‘packages’? I don’t know, just check out this picture! What is wrong with this photo?
Hit or Miss? What is wrong with this photo of Efya? 0 out of 5 based on 0 ratings. 0 user reviews.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.727449
Retrieved Text: not in accordance with what is morally right or good: a wrong deed.
deviating from truth or fact; erroneous: a wrong answer.
not correct in action, judgment, opinion, method, etc., as a person; in error: You are wrong to blame him.
not proper or usual; not in accordance with requirements or recommended practice: the wrong way to hold a golf club.
out of order; awry; amiss: Something is wrong with the machine.
not suitable or appropriate: He always says the wrong thing.
(of clothing) that should be worn or kept inward or under: You're wearing the sweater wrong side out.
that which is wrong, or not in accordance with morality, goodness, or truth; evil: I committed many wrongs.
an injustice: The wrongs they suffered aged them.
an invasion of another's right, to his damage.
in a wrong manner; not rightly; awry; amiss: You did it wrong again.
to do wrong to; treat unfairly or unjustly; harm.
to impute evil to (someone) unjustly; malign.
6 Words That Ruin An ApologyHere are six words that can sabotage your apology in no time flat. Proceed with caution!
8 TV Moments For Grammar NerdsThese 8 moments in television are sure to make you laugh ... and teach you a grammar lesson or two.
get in wrong, Slang. to cause to come into disfavor: We are forever getting in wrong with the people next door.
to go amiss; fail: Everything is going wrong today.
to pursue an immoral course; become depraved: Bad friends caused him to go wrong.
in the wrong, to blame; in error: He knew he was in the wrong but refused to concede the point.
1. bad,

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.724042
Retrieved Text: You’ve been grating cheese all wrong!
What is wrong with the Hubble Space Telescope, what does it do and when was it launched?
NFL QB Hot Sheet: What’s wrong with Eli Manning?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.70935
Retrieved Text: none of the values of my results are significant. did I do something wrong?
What is your problem with these results, why do you ask whether something might have gone wrong?
And if you ask "did I do something wrong?" you could perhaps describe what you did (e.g. research questions, study design, what are these variables and how were they measured, where does the sample come from).
Getting all results insignificant does not mean you did anything wrong. It may mean none were significant.
What was the statistical power of your analysis.
You may be trying to measure the weight of Andrew Gelman's feather.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.675296
Retrieved Text: According to most innovationists, when a project fails, you should celebrate failure, learn from your mistakes and move on to fail again or, better still, succeed next time. That's fine and dandy in theory, but how do you effectively learn from your failure, ideally in such a way as to innovate better next time?
I'm glad you asked! Here are some questions you should ask yourself − and the team, if there is one − the next time an innovative projection fails.
When things go wrong, our instinct is often to ask, "what went wrong?" But, to really know what went wrong, you must first ask, "What went right?" This helps in three ways. Firstly, it is reassuring to know that you didn't botch everything up; some things worked well. Knowing this gives you confidence to tackle new, challenging projects in the future. Secondly, you'll find that rather a lot went right. Some of those things that went right were probably new and worth applying in future projects. Thirdly, in order to identify what went wrong, you need to know what went right so you can determine how you veered off the path of potential success and into the path of failure.
Okay, now you can and should ask what went wrong. Make a list if necessary.
Perhaps more importantly than knowing what went wrong is understanding why those things went wrong. Ask yourself and your team.
People from outside the project can give you new perspectives on what went wrong. If possible, ask people far removed from the project. Their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.648418
Retrieved Text: its Urgent for me about my DD which i took in bank is wrong.. what to do?
Reliance Energy/Power is not doing up to the expectations. Considering this choosing RNRL Mutual Right? wrong?
Reliance Energy/Power is not doing up to the expectations. Considering this choosing RNRL Mutual Fund is this a Right decision ? OR wrong?. Pls let me know.
How to recover money remitted to wrong act now?
A friend of mine has sent some money to a wrong act. Money was debited from act of State Bank of Patiala to SBI. Later he came to know that it was not the act he had to send the money to and problem is that the act to which money is transferred, exists. Now, how he can recover that money? Please help.
i took SBI bank DD and saw there is a wrong spelling written on my DD what to do now.?
All the Banks in India are charging Rs.2 and above for the issuance of cheque leaf.Is it correct or wrong?
Now days most of the Bank are submitting better financial results.Thereby they must avoid the charges on the Issuance of Cheque Book to the account holders.
Wrong dishonouring of cheque by foreign bank in Delhi despite sufficient funds available in account?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.6449795
Retrieved Text: I can not figure out why my code won't work.
(give a short, clear prompt).
What's wrong? You didn't tell us what the problem you are having. One thing I notice right away is that you have nothing in your main(), so you won't see anything when you run it.
I don't know how to run it. I'm trying to get it to generate the file, read the file in, and then produce the output for TestTriangles().
Then you won't get anything anyway because the way you implement won't be able to use outside the class. What you need to do is to implement the class's constructor. Then, implement main() definition to instantiate and call the method to generate triangles. If it works correctly, you should see a file named RandomeTriangles.txt inside the same folder where you run java.
I'm confused, I don't understand what your saying.
What wrong with my code !
There's something wrong with my code, can anyone take a quick look?
Something wrong with my code?
can some body point out what's wrong with my code?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.620344
Retrieved Text: Instructions: Consider the notions above. Defend or challenge this assertion and explain your position.
This belief is true and I agree with who ever said it (the teacher, that's my bet).I say this because paying attention to certain people can either make your life go north or it can make you do a 180° south before you even realize what happened.
It is " expensive" thing to do not because you are paying money but because you are losing potential profit if you had associated, played attention or emulated the the right people. For example if you emulated how the mojority become wealthy your more likely to become weathly than someone who never emulate good influecel people or people with connections. In final words we all like money so let's not waste are money on the attention we give on the wrong people - I know I have to.
I agree with Ruben what he stated is very clear & true to me .
I agree with Ruben. If we watch and study those who making money or making a better life for themselves, we can catch on and do the same and be productive.
I agree with that ,you will always have to watch you surroundings.Because you can't trust everyone that's around you in your presents.Making a big decision on who you choose your friends to be can either help you,also encourage you do the right thing in life."Make a wise decision".
I agree because, you have to watch where and who you put yourself around throughout life, because you never

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.617724
Retrieved Text: Girls who spent a chunk of their lives dating the wrong guys end up the happiest — as long as they learn from their mistakes. As long as they pay attention to what is and is not working. As long as they promise themselves to ask for more in the future.
Girls who have dated the wrong guys start out undervaluing themselves but eventually learn their worth. They eventually come to the conclusion they deserve more than what they have been settling for all of this time. They see how much pain past relationships caused them and swear they will never allow themselves to go through that again.
Girls who have dated the wrong guys can tell the difference between someone with pure intentions and someone who is playing them because they have dealt with all kinds of men in the past. Back in the day, they were unable to see the red flags, but now they are experts. They know exactly what to look out for. They know what seemingly small actions mean it’s time for them to walk away.
Girls who have dated the wrong guys have a strong sense of self because after their bad relationships ended, they spent a lot of time on their own. They stopped dating for a while because they were concerned with their bad taste. They did a lot of self-reflection and learned to become independent. They learned they do not need anyone else. They learned they can survive on their own.
Girls who have dated the wrong guys know what an

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.612322
Retrieved Text: "Vad gör du nästa torsdag?"
Translation:What are you doing next Thursday?
Why "what do you do next Thursday" is wrong"?
I wrote: what do you do next Thursday? Why is it wrong?
Why is this a weak adjective? Shouldnt it be a strong one?
"Nästa" never changes, and its noun is always indefinite.
Why is it will you do?
What do you do next Thursday? Why it's not acceptable?
I do not understand either why "What do you do next Thursday?" is wrong. Tack!
It's a question, so the verb needs to go before the subject. Question words (Vad) go first, just like in English. So we get Vad gör du …?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.610389
Retrieved Text: I hope anybody can tell me what I do wrong here.
running while using the latest multiproto drivers.
properly, because the board is properly recognized.
Then I tried the sources from: "http://jusst.de/manu/scan.tar.bz2".
So, I must be doing something wrong, but I have no idea what is wrong.
Does anybody have some ideas/suggestions?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.599202
Retrieved Text: > >No. It is simply wrong.
> What is wrong? What John wrote? The old design choice?

================



======= Instance Index 6888 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: here are some funny things that happened : the kids were doing this project where they had to draw their shoe really big and then put in a background and a middle ground . one kid had drawn his shoe smooshing a bunch of dead , bloody people . i asked him if he played video games and he said yes . so i asked if i liked call of duty and he said , " which one ? "
Question: What is your job ?
Options: 
- A shoe salesman
 - A school teacher
 - A school janitor
 - A video game designer

Target Text: A school teacher

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.6816225
Retrieved Text: Dear Neil: Could you offer any guidance or assistance about how to evaluate my job and my career? I’m a computer software engineer. I’m paid moderately well and have good job security, but I’m not feeling all that fulfilled and/or satisfied with what I’m doing. How do I evaluate my job/career?
What does your job mean to you? What does it mean to you to provide your service or product?
What qualities go into creating a good working environment? Does your current job environment feel like a good working environment? If not, what work place conditions, if changed or altered, would make the most difference to you?
What does it mean to you to be part of a team? What are the costs and benefits of knowing that others rely on you to do your job well?
Are there things you’d like to change about the way you and your co-workers relate to one another? What changes would you like to make?
What role does ethics play in your job? What does it mean to do your job in an ethical way? What does it mean to treat your company/ co-workers/customers/clients ethically? Where do you find it difficult to operate with complete ethics on the job?
What do you like about what you do? What do you dislike?
What’s the most important thing you’d like to accomplish in your current job?
Do your job relationships affect your ability to achieve those goals?
How important is it to be compensated fairly for the job you do?
How important to you is recognition? How do you like to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.55832
Retrieved Text: Over 85% of people who start reading a job ad DON'T end up applying for the position.
That's a huge talent pool you're missing out on, and it could be fixed by simply rewriting your job ad.
There tends to be two main reasons a job ad doesn't work, either they are boring, and not engaging or they overstate the job requirements and scare off the jobseekers. If you're able to remedy these two problems and rewrite a more engaging job ad, you could be seeing a 200-300% increase in applicant flow.
I've created 6 Steps to a More Engaging Job Ad that will help you drop the boring job description and write a job ad that attracts qualified applicants!
First of all, remember this job ad's goal is to convince them they want to apply. You want your job seekers to say, “This sounds just like me!” The goal of the ad is not to filter people out, or to tell people about the requirements, its simply to convince the job seekers to apply.
Second, remember the tone of the ad should reflect your company's culture. If you're a company is a little more laid back, you have room to speak more candidly throughout the ad, where as if you have a very “button down” type of company culture, you'll want a job ad that's more professional and polished. Showing tone of your company in this early stage is important to ensure you're attracting the job seekers that will be the best fit culturally for your company.
With these two thoughts

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.5577755
Retrieved Text: It took 42 years, but on Saturday, November 21, 2015, I was sent to high school detention (AKA Saturday School.) And for what? To share my insights into career development for 1 ½ – 2 hours with high school students.
What is the job title/position of your dream job?
What city, state, or country do you see yourself living in?
What responsibilities would you hold in this dream job?
What training, special skills, and/or education would be required for this dream job?
What challenges would you face in this dream job?
Why would you enjoy this dream job? What would be rewarding?
What would your dream job pay you annually?
What steps would you need to take to make this dream job become your reality?
Many students shared exciting dream jobs such as music producer, professional football or baseball player, and working in forensics. However, I was surprised by the number of students who struggled to identify a dream job. Why is that? Is there a lack of exposure and discussion in schools and home related to career possibilities? Is there a lack of confidence or motivation to work?
If we don’t take the time to dream and reflect upon our future, how can we identify the steps we need to take to make our dream job become our reality?
What is your dream job? Where would you live? Where would you work? Describe a typical day. What kind of income would you make? What is holding you back from obtaining your dream job?
For over two decades, I have worked as an administrative professional. It is my

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.471856
Retrieved Text: you intj being your screen, what is your job ?
Thread: you intj being your screen, what is your job ?
Why do you ask? And what is your job?
I assume you are in school then. What do you study? What are your favorite subjects?
Do you have an inner monologue? What is it like?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.464106
Retrieved Text: Job interview articles for job seekers looking for help and guidance in preparing for and winning in their job interviews and job search.
Use the expert resources to help you get the job and career you want. Most job candidates are poorly prepared for job interviews. With our help you can stand out from the competition and get the job you want.
These articles provide an inside perspective on what the employer is looking for in the job interview and how candidates can prepare for and manage the interview process to get the job they want.
Follow these 7 key steps to take after your job interview and provide the company with the proof that you are the right person for the job.
What is the right interview attire for the current job market? Find out what the experts suggest you wear to your next job interview.
How to find out about the company before your next job interview. List of useful and free resources for getting hold of company information.
These are three essential steps to take before your interview. They are simple to do but if you neglect them, they can sabotage your chances of success.
How do you know if this is the right job for you? Use this guide to understanding what is the best career move for you.
Your recruiter has a lot of company detail that can be discussed with you before your interview. Ask the right questions with this interview article.
Find out what went wrong in your interview and how you can fix it. Bad interviews happen

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.428955
Retrieved Text: Captive Audience - eBoard What Is Your Job Title? What Does a Health Educator Do? What Training Is Necessary to Do Your Work Where Do You Work? Who Needs Your Services and Why? What Is Your Favourite Part of Your Job? What Challenges Do You Have in Your Job? What Is the Impact of Understaffing on the Health Care System? What Is the Impact of Understaffing on the Patient?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.4176235
Retrieved Text: What is passion? By Webster’s definition passion is excitement, enthusiasm and delight. Is your job exciting and challenging to you? Do you wake up in the morning enthusiastic to go to work. Do you have job that inspires you? A job that delights you or a career you love? If your answer is yes, please send me your stories of inspiration. Was it your resume, interviewing, social networking or negotiating skills that landed your dream job or career? What do you love about your job? What inspired you?
Where do you find your passion(s)? Your inspirations? Your dream job? Could it be right here, right now? Could it be right in the midst of the sudden changes happening to you today? Is your future all about attitude? Is your future all about perspective?
The positive side of change (finding your dream job) is in your future. Yes, your future. I am speaking to you. Think about this, if you will. Is this you? “I just lost my job” or “I just lost … ” you fill in the blank. Ask yourself, can the positive side of change be in my future? Can this change lead me to my dream job? Remember, it’s all about attitude and perspective.Your perspective!
3. Start today to make it happen tomorrow.
1. Be forward thinking. Begin thinking of possibilities. I love the word impossible. Why? It inspires the rebel in me to think of … what is possible? Everything is possible. The possibilities are endless of what you can do now.
2. Let go of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.415691
Retrieved Text: Being fresh out of school can be exciting until adulthood comes and slaps you in the face.Soon, you find yourself hanging out on job seeking sites, reading and watching job search tutorials, and feeling 100% frustrated and overwhelmed.
Finding and landing your first job is not as easy as you might’ve thought back in school. Even finding a job is already a work itself!
But here’s the thing. You don’t need to frustrate yourself much with finding a job. We’ve scoured the internet and our previous first-job-hunting experiences (wasn’t all fun too) to share with you these 6 job hunting tips!
Tip #1: Evaluate your skills and capabilities first.
This will help you get an idea of what jobs you want to apply for.
What skills do you wish to improve during your job?
What’s your backup plan in case your chosen career doesn’t work for you?
Do you want to pursue a job that’s in line with your course, or something that’s new and exciting for you?
Would you go for a job where you can pursue your passion, or a practical job where you earn and learn more practical skills at the same time?
If you think you have the interest and skills for a marketing job, go ahead and search for marketing jobs! You can head on here to jump-start your job search.
But what if I don’t know what I want and can do?
If you’re having a hard time identifying what you can do, be flexible first to apply to jobs that interest you. During interview, show employers that you’re willing to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.401668
Retrieved Text: For many women in senior management positions the workload becomes stable and the opportunities for new and original work start to show up less often.
Here are some questions that you may ask yourself to know if now is the time to ask for more from your job, and what direction you can choose with more awareness.
1. What will my life be like in 5 years if I keep this job?
Often women in senior positions have made it to the glass ceiling of their profession. Is that you? If you were promoted, what is the level of responsibility and what are the daily tasks of this new position? Is this something that you are willing to take on? Is the level of salary increase over the next 5 years in this position something that you are excited about receiving or is it lacklustre? According to 2018 data by SHRM, most executive positions only expected a 3% salary increase, and no one knows what the 2019 forecast. Is working in this job creating difficulties in any other area of your life? Personally? Physically? Relationships? Health? Mental Health? Note down what impressions that you have about keeping this job in all of these factors.
2. What will my life be like in 5 years if I don’t keep this job?
What if you could decide for yourself what your life will be like if you don’t keep this current job? What are the other opportunities for employment? What marketplace demand is there for your skills and what salaries are being offered

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.394212
Retrieved Text: How do you start a Job Search?
For many people, whether it be starting out in the world of work, post-redundancy or possibly just looking for a career change, it can be difficult to know where to start your job search and what to apply for.
What do I enjoy and what don’t I enjoy?
What am I good at / not good at?
What salary do I want to be realistically earning?
Where do I want to get in my career?
How do I get to where I want to be?
What level of experience do I have?
The answers to these questions will hopefully help you get a little closer to deciding what it is you want to do next.
*Top tip: if you’re searching for inspiration, looking through the jobs on a job board will help you get some idea of what to apply for and how your expectations match up to what’s out there in the job market.
It’s important to throw your weight into a job search. A half-hearted job search with an uncertain goal, is one that will drag on and on, leaving you down desperation ally or into poor career decisions.
Having career goals and high aspirations is important, however you should stay grounded and realistic. Yes, that magic, well-paid dream job could definitely come along, however be prepared for your search to have a few highs & lows.
Remember, it is a very competitive job market out there, so persistence is the key and gaining a great new opportunity rarely just happens. You have to go out there and earn

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.382879
Retrieved Text: No interviews are completely predictable and there is no limit to the range of questions that could be asked. However, there are some questions that are asked again and again. Here is a list of them.
Why did you study economics at school/college?
What are your educational qualifications?
Do you think that degrees are important?
What were your favorite subjects at school or college?
Have you had any training since leaving school?
What training have you had since leaving college?
Are you ready to undertake training if it takes place in your spare time?
Tell me something about your present job?
What does your present job involve?
What do you enjoy the least about it?
What are your greatest achievements at work?
What are your greatest failures at work?
What kind of work are you looking for?
Why did you quit your previous job?
Why are you seeking a new job?
Have you ever done this kind of work before?
Why were you made redundant?
Why were you out of work for so long?
Isn’t this job a step down for you?
Have you ever demonstrated initiative in your job?
Have you got any experience of managing staff?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.377964
Retrieved Text: Challenges Faced by Job Seekers | Jobaxy - Brand Yourself!
‘Congratulations! You are Hired! this is what every job seeker longs to listen. But in today’s extremely competitive market, finding a dream job is a challenging task. Job search in itself is a full-time commitment and can be daunting at times. For fresh graduates who have never done it before it can be particularly challenging.
Job seekers need to find the right position that matches best with their skills, qualification and their payment expectations. Job seekers may not know how to look, where to look or what to look for the dream job.
Here are few challenges related to job search.
Today there are many places where job seekers can search for vacancies both online and offline. Job seekers need to look at job fairs, search for recruitment hubs of different companies and travel to various places with sometimes no results. With so many options to search for the job, seekers may sometimes get confused, resulting in wasting their energy in the wrong place.
You need to be very clear about what you want or what you are looking for to bag that perfect dream job of yours. Instead of just applying for any job that comes across, you need to plan and strategize your approach. Give it a deep thought and choose a domain that matches best with your qualification and skill set, where you are confident of giving 100%. Apply for jobs only in your chosen field and minimize your probability of rejection.
With thousands of job seekers, getting noticed

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.377483
Retrieved Text: This is a guest blog from Anita Awolaja. Anita is a Programme Manager at Kingston Hub (part of the Student Hubs network). She stayed on at Kingston Hub after her first year as a Programme Officer, a role she found through Worthwhile.
Step 1: Really think about what you want for your future, what are you interested in? What do you like? What does your dream job/role look like? What is your dream job?
Step 2: Now that you have established your dream job, understand the skills that job requires. Look at the different job specifications out there and see what education, skills, qualification and experience is needed to do this job.
Step 3: Identify the key things that you find across all the different job specs, e.g. 4 years’ experience in project management, knowledge in Monitoring and Evaluation, leadership skills and Prince II.
Step 4: Look for jobs that will give you the opportunity to gain this experience and develop the necessary skills required. So look for jobs that will give you that knowledge in Monitoring and Evaluation and that will allow you to lead.
Key tip: Hardly anyone likes every single aspect of their job, so when looking, if you at least like 70–80% of it, then you are on the right path.
It is very unlikely that you will have your ‘’dream job’’ from the moment you graduate and that is perfectly fine, your career is all about development. Plus, over time, we tend to change our ideas on what we thought we wanted, so it’s always important to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.369954
Retrieved Text: Your Dream Job – What does it really look like? | The Motivated Job Search The Motivated Job Search – Your Dream Job – What does it really look like?
In the real world of employment, a truly perfect job doesn’t exist. If jobs were perfect, people would stay in the same job their entire lives. That’s simply not realistic. But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t dream about that perfect job. The key is to be realistic about what is “perfect.” There will always be duties and responsibilities that come with every job that are not pleasant. So, what does a perfect job really look like? The following is one way to evaluate whether you have found that “perfect” job.
Start by creating a list of all of the characteristics of your perfect job. Write everything down. Brainstorm. Then, go through the list and determine those characteristics that you “must-have,” those that would be “nice-to-have,” and eliminate those that you can live without. Be practical and reasonable with your list of characteristics.
Now, give yourself 100 points and assign them to your “must-haves.” This will help you rank those must-haves by importance to you. This approach might reveal that some must-haves could fall back into the nice-to-have column. It’s an exercise to test the reality of what is truly important to you.
As you evaluate new opportunities, how does it stack up against your list? If you can get all or the majority of your must-haves, the opportunity is clearly worth your consideration.
By the way, this is a good exercise

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.353156
Retrieved Text: Discover the live job market. We turn millions of job postings daily into an interactive experience about what skills and educations employers want for their jobs. Segment the market by occupation, STEM or salary. Use the map and its familiar tools to define the area of your preferred work location. Fly to another city or state to compare the need for your skills and education. All displayed data is derived directly from the underlying database of job postings.
On your discovery you will learn which skills and education you match for the jobs you are interested in. You will also find your skills gap. Share your information with counselors and education providers to upgrade your marketability. Ideally you are still in school which gives you time to close your skills gap before you graduate.
Build your resume. We provide important text for your resume which helps employers recognize you. When you are ready apply for jobs online. Candogram partners with the National Labor Exchange reaching over 70,000 employers nationwide.
What jobs are available? What skills and education is required? What should I learn? How do I fit into job openings?
What jobs do my students want? What skills are missing for the jobs they want (skills gap)? How can I build a curriculum to close their skills gap? How can I troubleshoot their job search?
Where are the candidates who match my job requirements?
There are millions of job openings across the country. Employers are looking for individuals who have the skills and education that match their job requirements.
In order to reach

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.352695
Retrieved Text: You can’t go wrong building your career on strength.
Job descriptions are written for robots. When a committee gets together to draft up a job description they likely don’t have a specific person in mind. They have a bunch of persons in mind who, when melded together, create the average person that would do well in that job.
This is problematic because it prevents you and I from pursuing jobs that are nuanced to our strengths. We see a generic job description and we’re underwhelmed. “That’s not me,” we may say.
It’s also a challenge because we have a tendency to take a generic job and melt into it. Rather than doing our job description and layering on what makes us very best we discard or ignore what makes us best and invest our energy in conforming to the position. In the short-run this earns big points. You are compliant and people like that because it means you are doing exactly what they hoped someone in that job would do — the job they defined.
In the long-run this is a losing strategy. Your whole value-add is your uniqueness. That’s what you bring! The job description is simply a foundation for you to magnify what you do very best — your strengths.
True, you have to do the basics well before you can branch out into your strength. But most people never branch out and become robotic in the execution of their jobs. Integrate what you do best into what your organization needs you to do and you’ll thrive.
So what do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.336142
Retrieved Text: No one can deny the importance of job satisfaction in our lives. The fact that we spend a huge amount of our waking hours at work means job satisfaction will also play a huge role in our lives.
While you look for the dream career or job that will make you happy, whatever job you are doing now must significantly contribute to your happiness. That is the crucial importance of job satisfaction.
It is true there are elements of work you cannot control. For example, company policies, who your boss is, your salary level, your colleagues’ characters and relationships with them, and the conditions where you work.
There are steps you can take in order to increase your job satisfaction level once you know the importance of job satisfaction. How then can you increase your job satisfaction wherever you work?
One way to increase job satisfaction is to know yourself. What are things that motivate you? Sure the company can do things and implement programs to increase staff motivation especially the companies that knows the importance of job satisfaction. But motivation is also from within. It is inside you, only you know what keeps you awake at night and makes you jump out of bed in the morning. When you know yourself, it is easy to increase your own job satisfaction as you will know what works for you.
Work has to be challenging enough but not so overwhelming that you find it insurmountable. Challenges at an optimum level keep you going. Perhaps you find that your work is not challenging

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.332449
Retrieved Text: Today we’re going to talk about hiring process and what an average job seeker feel when he or she was send a resume 2016 and do not get back any response. It’s a huge problem not only for small companies. It’s a huge problem of the most companies do not provide their applicants with a feedback status. And it’s your time in result. You are sitting at home, submitting your resume for different positions and looks like it’s a complete silence.
Or let’s talk about other case. You were on interview, and they said that you are the best candidate the have ever seen. But nothing going on next. They have found somebody else? Or they changed their mind? It’s not clear.. But what should you do and what is your action plan? Today we’re going to talk about what you probably did wrong and why hiring managers do not get back to you or decline your candidacy.
We tried to prepare the most useful job-search rules, which would help you to concentrate on the most effective job-searching approaches.
1. Stop wasting time. A lot of job seekers are spend their time doing a lot of ineffective things, which are not as effective as they could be. For example – a lot of candidates are trying to use job boards and scanning vacancies daily. This is the one of the most often mistake you should avoid. Start your job search with your network. You must not looking around – ask your friends or ex-colleagues if somebody is looking for

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.325916
Retrieved Text: Your Job is Dynamic. Your Job Posting is Boring.
Every once in a while, the world changes so much, so quickly, that we miss an opportunity sitting right in front of us. Today, I want to share an idea that I have implemented with dozens of companies that has completely changed how they communicate open positions with candidates.
Visualize your current job postings for a second. Are they long text documents with 20 or 30 beneficial traits or skills you want in a candidate? A few paragraphs, a few sets of bullet points, some required EEOC language?
Do they look and sound like every other job posting out there?
A picture tells a thousand words, and video is 24 pictures a second. Showing the job being done well, by your best employee is a great way to show exactly what you’re looking for out of a candidate.
Start with an overview of the job showing a snippet of the tasks involved.
Take a moment to focus on the three most important aspects of the job.
What’s challenging about this job? What’s rewarding?
What are the potential growth opportunities?
Who does well on this job?
What advice would you have for candidates applying for this role?
Take us on a tour of your office/facilities. What does the kitchen or break room look like? What is the coolest feature of your office?
Where will the employee be working?
What does it feel like to come to your office every day?
One of the hardest things to communicate, especially in a job posting, is why your company is a better place to work

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.32389
Retrieved Text: If you don’t have a current job description – that you’ve looked at and reviewed in the last 90 days with your manager – then the truth is that you don’t know what your job is and your manager doesn’t know what to manage.
That might sound like a nervy statement. But it’s so important, it has to be said.
What makes it so important?
It’s important because even though most people who get jobs are recruited to a job description – which is outlined to them in the interviewing process – and which helps them decide if they want the job and can do it – it’s often the last time the job description is ever discussed.
After the job is filled and you start work, the job description is often filed and rarely referred to or referenced. It is hardly ever updated and hardly ever looked at during a performance appraisal.
And, on top of that, while you are doing the job you were hired for, it usually changes, sometimes quite often.
Why does this matter? Why does a job description need to be updated or reviewed?
The most important reason is because it’s “fair” – on both the employee and the manager.
Because without that updated reference point, the manager doesn’t really know how to accurately support the person doing the job.
And, because without that updated reference point, it’s very easy for the person doing the job to start deciding to change how they do the job as well as how they grow in the job – without referencing any of

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.3091
Retrieved Text: Chances are, you’re already working remotely. You’re no longer stuck in fool’s traffic for what feels like hours each day, or smushed onto a stinky train with fellow sweaty commuters. You aren’t wasting hours at the office dodging office drama or stuck in mindless meetings. But is it your remote dream job?
In all of your daydreaming about what you don’t miss about your in-office job, have you taken some time to consider what you really want from a remote job?
If you want to find your remote dream job, these five tips should help you make your dream a (remote) reality.
1. Figure out the flex.
Yes, you know that you want to continue working remotely. But do you know exactly what type of remote job you want?
Remote jobs come in all sorts of fun, flexible flavors, such as full-time telecommuting (where you’ll never have to step foot into an office, which is particularly helpful if you’re a digital nomad) or part-time telecommuting (where you might have to report for duty at a workplace outside your home office).
You might want a freelance or contract remote job where you’ll work when you want to, for the companies that you want to, and most importantly, where you want to (i.e., your home office).
Sure, everyone would like to earn a stellar salary, but there are other factors, such as being able to wake up in the morning, pour yourself a cup of coffee, turn on your computer, and report for duty all in under five minutes flat, that matter just as much.
In

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.307236
Retrieved Text: For this blog I would like you to interview a community worker. Think back to what you said you want to be when you grow up. Do you remember what you want to be? Now ask your parent if they know someone in the community who does that job. See if you can either call or talk to that person face-to-face. If you can't think of someone who does the job you want to do someday, pick another job you are interested in.
1. What is the name of your job?
4. How do you help other people?
5. Did you have to go to college or some other school to do your job? If so, what?
6. What is the craziest thing that has happened at your job?
Write your answers to the questions on the blog. I am VERY excited to read these, and I know you will be excited to share them with the class.
You told me about your dad's job, now it's your mom's turn!
Please describe what your mom does. Please do NOT ask her first. Remember, if your mom stays at home to take care of you and your brothers and sisters that is a full time job!! : ) Please type your response.
Afterward, have her come and read your response and then have her type a comment of what she does.
Would you rather live in a place where it snowed every day for three months or where it was above 90 degrees every day for three months? Explain your answer.
What are the three things you

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.300296
Retrieved Text: The interviewer is seeking to identify what it is that you most enjoy about the work you currently do so as to help them gauge to what degree you're likely to enjoy this new position. It's another way in which they can spot any potential incompatibilities between you and this new job – or indeed for them to reinforce their opinion that you are indeed a good match for the job.
Your favourite part of your current job might well be receiving your salary at the end of each month but that's definitely not going to make for a good answer!
Earlier in this book, we've already had the question, "What does your current job involve on a day-to-day basis?" and my advice was for you to focus on areas of your current job which most closely match the job for which you are now applying. My advice is similar for this question. In choosing which aspects of your job to tell them you most enjoy, you need to try to select aspects which will lead the interviewer to believe that you will also enjoy – and therefore perform well in – this new job.
What are the most important tasks/duties/responsibilities that your current job has in common which this vacancy? Whatever they are, that's where you need to focus attention.
There's no harm is starting your answer with a general statement to the effect that you enjoy most aspects of your job but you then need to go on to give some specific examples which will help to support

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.298051
Retrieved Text: Before you even send out a resume or start looking through the want ads, there are some things you should consider that will help you save time and effort in your job search.
It's easy to get sidetracked by fancy job titles and attractive salaries. You must decide what kind of work you would like to do. Do you want a job in the field you are in now or do you want to try your hand at something different. Finding out what you really want is the key to finding a fulfilling job. Taking some time to figure that out before you job search will probably save you a lot of headaches later. If you have no idea what you want, how will you ever look for it or find it?
What sort of hours do you want to work? Are you looking for a temporary or a permanent job? Do you want to work part time or full time? What salary or wage is the minimum you will require? Does your new job need to be close to home? What's the longest commute you will accept? By figuring out what you need, you'll know where to put your efforts when you start looking for work.
Are you ready for the change in lifestyle that your new job will bring you? Do you have daycare arrangements made if you are a new mother returning to the workforce? Do you have the support of your family? By having your family on board, you can make the transition to a

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.295223
Retrieved Text: I will be joining campus next year. When I was in high school, I always wanted to become a teacher and promised myself that I’d take BA in education. I even took a teaching job in one of the community schools in my place this summer. However, the more I taught, the more I realized this is not exactly what I want to do. I am not happy going to work, and I don’t get the fulfillment I thought I would. I am happy that it’s not too late to change and study something different in college. But, how do I know what job is right for me? I have tried the career assessment inventory, but I couldn’t find anything there. How do I find the right job? Are the vocation assessment tools correct?
I graduated from the school with a BA in communications and journalism and an impressive GPA. At the time, I thought journalism was intriguing, and I did well in my language classes, so for why not try it? I thought I no longer needed to find the job right for me. But in the wake of shadowing, I knew I would not like to be a journalist or broadcaster any longer. It was past the point where it was possible to change my major in college, so I completed it. However, it wasn't too late to attempt another field. And I did. I am no longer a journalist. Unlike me, you still have the chance to study something different at college. If you

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.293163
Retrieved Text: First Job Tips| What To Do When Offered Less Salary Than Expected?
Home Career Management What To Do When Offered Less Salary Than Expected?
What To Do When Offered Less Salary Than Expected?
First job tips shared by experts not only include what you need to do in order to impress and settle down in a job. It also discusses your expectations. Expectations from the job are something else and the fulfillment can only be determined after joining.
But there’s one more important thing that needs consideration at an earlier stage and that is the salary expectations of the candidate. Everyone has certain salary expectations according to their qualification and skill sets. But what to do when it isn’t met?
We will discuss about the same here. What options do you have and what can you do when offered less salary than expected?
If you have salary negotiation skills, you can try it out and get your recruiter to at least reach an amount acceptable to both parties. Experts sharing first job tips recommend selling your qualifications and skills for the same.
Let your employer know how you can be an asset to the company and why they should pay you more. If they are convinced with what you say, there are chances that they offer you a better salary than previously quoted. You can also convince them to review your work within six months and then decide on a better salary which you actually expect from the job.
As someone new in the industry, it can be difficult to negotiate your first salary.
If

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.28817
Retrieved Text: Ready to take the next step and look for work? Get job hunting tips from experts and young people who know what it’s like.
Everyone who’s tried it knows that getting a job is harder than it sounds! Do you know what kind of job you want to do? Do you know what kind of life and work skills employers are looking for, and how to show them you’ve got what it takes?
You’ll get what you’re looking for – but sometimes it takes time! Work on your confidence, stay motivated, explore your options and shine bright like the Young Professional you are.
Once you are 18 or over you can work in a job full-time. Until then, you need to be in some form of education. If you are under 18 but want to brush the school dust off your feet and are itching to get into the workplace, you can always find out more about apprenticeships!
There is no such thing as pointless work experience. Everything helps you grow.
What is a CV personal statement and what do you put in it?
What are the best jobs for introverts – and how can introverts at work be their best self?
Job Hunting? Self-Care Is Not An Option!
Know what your future plans are?
If you know what kind of career you’re interested in, visit the career websites of employers you’d like to work for. Search online job boards for related jobs best suited to your level of experience. Tell the folk at the job centre which areas of work interest you. Check relevant

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.279469
Retrieved Text: You need a job. And you feel that somewhere, some employer has precisely the job you want -one that fully utilizes your knowledge and abilities and provides challenges and opportunities for advancement.
Where you can find out more about the kinds of jobs you are qualified to hold.
How to present your background in a resume that will convince an employer that you are the person for the job.
How to write a letter of application that catches an employer's interest.
Where to go for information on job opportunities in your field.
How to present your qualifications to the best advantage in a job interview.
And it offers tips on planning your time, taking tests, and learning to profit from your job interviews.
As the first step in merchandising your job talents, draw up a detailed inventory of your background and work experience. This will be both a summary of what you can offer employers and your expectations as to earnings and working conditions.
No matter what kind of job you seek, your inventory will be a basic tool in your job search. If pursuing a professional or managerial job, it will be the basis for preparing a resume. In addition, the inventory will provide all the details you need in filling out job applications with accuracy and consistency.
List all your previous jobs, including part-time, summer, and freelance. For each, give employer's name and address, your job title, duties, dates employed, and earnings. Note what you liked about each job and why, and what you disliked and why. Also, why you left each job.
List

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.276451
Retrieved Text: Whether you're looking for a new job, going back to school to learn a new skill set, or reevaluating your career altogether, it can be stressful to change your career and go on a job hunt. Not only are there a lot of professionals searching for a job, there are thousands of companies and positions to sift through.
But before you start your job hunt or career change, it's important to recognize what exactly it is you're looking for. And a big part of that is finding a job and a company that you feel align with your personal values. If you're worried about making a move, start at the beginning by following our guide to finding your next big adventure in the professional world - an adventure that you're proud of and feel confident about its fit for you.
Know who you are and what your goals are.
Why are you unhappy in your career right now?
What positions/companies do you want to avoid?
What values are you searching for in a job/company?
Do a lot of research before you apply and interview for jobs.
Be selective within your job hunt.
What excites you about this offer?
What worries you about this offer?
Do you want to accept this offer because you're desperate?
Can you see yourself working at this company?
Do you seem to get along with the staff?
Do you feel confident about the essential job functions?
A job hunt can become super tempting when you start receiving offers. For instance, you might receive one offer that is higher than another, but you might be worried about

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.275886
Retrieved Text: Your current job is no longer fun and you are longing for a new professional challenge? We have few useful tips for a smooth job change.
Imagine if you are still doing your current job in five years! If the answer is “No,” then you should think about a possible job change.
Is a job change the solution?
A professional reboot should be well thought-out, since small changes in the old job are often not enough. First of all, you should go in and examine why the current job makes you unhappy. Is it the professional environment, the monotonous work, or the bad pay? Before you go, the most radical of all steps and quit the job, consider whether improvements are possible. If necessary, a clarifying conversation with the boss can bring a solution. Often, a change to another department does help.
One thing has to be clear to employees; a change of job is always associated with risk and requires courage. To avoid short-circuiting your budget/income, ask yourself beforehand if a new job is the right decision. Before you re-start your career, we have compiled important tips for changing jobs.
In order to motivate yourself to face a new professional challenge, self-analysis is important. Ask yourself what could have done better in the old job or what mistakes go on your cap. Answering these questions helps to get rid of the old job and to start a new job without having to deal with the legacy.
A new job should bring more advantages than disadvantages. In order not to get into

================



======= Instance Index 19214 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: But on this one , we will thank God for taking it from him . For knowing , most certainly , what we do not . And for writing a story with this precious little boys life .
Question: will people read it ?
Options: 
- if it bores them
 - probably not
 - if it is uninteresting
 - maybe

Target Text: maybe

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.725336
Retrieved Text: One should must read this book (BHAGAVAD GITA). It doesn't matters which religion you follow. This book is the solution of all the problems we will face in our entire life.
3.0 out of 5 starsFar too Easy!
It is a quick read for people who have never read any interpretations of Bhagavad Gita but way to simplified for people who know the basic message and are looking for something more. It can serve as a refresher but again if you have read deeper interpretations you will not feel you got it all.
I try not to mention grammar and spelling mistakes but in a book that's talking about the Oneness of Soul...its hard to ignore if 'soul' is spelt sole in more than one places!
Great work done by the author.
I encourage those people who are thinking to read Bhagavad Gita for a long time, but they couldn't find time and motivation to read it, buy and read this Made Very Easy version, you will feel thankful to the author.
Awesome. Simple as a easy to understand. Very simple language though its just authors interpretation. One must read the original and conclude his own versions.
5.0 out of 5 starsShort and informative.
I was skeptical about the content of the book at first, but after reading it kicked in. This is highly resourceful and provides simple insight into life.
Solutions to all our life problems can be found here. Following the teachings of the Gita will make sure you never have obstacles in life.
Good and clear to understand.It makes the Gita simple for

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.700212
Retrieved Text: Which is why we love read alongs! The idea is simple. People who love books coming together to read as a group. It’s like a book club!
The Read-Along schedule is below (though we reserve the right to make changes). If you’d like to participate in a read-along, join the Goodreads group for the Read-Along. The more people we have, the more fans we can get chatting it up!
2. Some series are longer than others and will require deadlines on when to finish. Yes, there’s a start date and yes, there’s an end date. But for things to run smoothly with longer series, sometimes a week is all you’ll have to read it. I understand things come up once in a while and I will do my best to regulate the flow. But if we agree to one week or two weeks, it’s best if we stick to that so the read along doesn’t just wander along and drift away. Before each read-along, I will ask what works best for people.
3. There will be polls, discussions, and time to share for everyone – SO NO TROLLS. I doubt we’ll have issues honestly, but be nice, people! Everyone has their own opinions and we all like to express them.
4. Be careful about spoilers. Once I get a status update from all participants and it turns out everyone is finished, I’ll open it up for discussion and spoilers. Until then, watch what you post. Some people read at different paces and although we’ll be sticking to deadlines, others might

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.699244
Retrieved Text: The days when the people went to the store to buy the books changed to people ordering the books online. But then, even those days have gone. People have stopped ordering these books. The hard copies are having many disadvantages which the E-books have covered for them. They have a really new approach and the people are seeing to it that they make the fullest advantage of it. There is a new application which has come up and has become popular in no time. This is the Amazon Kindle and every book lover is using it. There are many advantages of this particular app. It provides the people with different genres of reading and organizes their books in a proper manner. You just have to surf among the ocean of the books and pay for that particular book as such, you can also get discount during amazon black friday sale.
There are many genres of reading. Each one would like a particular genre and hate another one. There are people who like romance while there are other people who like science fiction novels. Amazon Kindle has seen to it that it is going to make different sections in books based on the genres. There is science fiction, romance, Mythology, Personality development and many more. It is going to sort out the books in these genres and display it for the people. The people can choose their favorite genres and read books from that genre itself. This way, there is no confusion between the books and the readers

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.696194
Retrieved Text: Us Pakistanis are such a funny breed. In a country where the ratio of bookstores to population is the lowest in the world. Where people prefer to listen and talk based on here-say. Where buying a book is a boring expense compared to buying a phone card to talk all night. Where people hardly read the contracts that they sign and complain later that they were cheated. In a country where whatsapp messages are more important to read than the whatsapp contract they agreed to before downloading it.
Where 95% of the population has not read the constitution but will defend civil rights on Twitter. Where voters do not read their own party manifesto but read every info graphic on social media of the opposing party. Where people spent more hours forwarding “The Spy Chronicles” on whatsapp than reading even a single page.
You think people will read Reham Khans book ? Or for that matter any book ? They will wait for one idiot friend to read it so 2000 can share his views on their social media as their own views.
Bibi Reham, wrong door wrong knock.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.631258
Retrieved Text: The first thing to remember, when creating a blog post, is that people don’t read. You have to capture their attention and persuade them to read. Incidentally, this is also true for most documents that you may publish online. Bear that statement in mind and you’ll be part way to creating that killer blog.
Most people simply don’t have the time to read long articles. Instead what they do is skim. The process usually goes like this.
They look at the article. If it looks as if it’s going to take too long or too much effort to read, abandon it.
They glance through the document to look for key phrases that will give an overview of what the article contains.
If that creates interest, they read in more depth. Otherwise they abandon the article.
So let’s look at each of these three points and see how we can address them.
Make the article look attractive to a first glance.
Keep it relatively short. Long articles have their place but blogs are not that place. If you’re going to publish a blog on a regular basis, keep the posts short. Seth Godin is a good example. He publishes two to three posts per day. Most are short. Some are ridiculously short.
Use images if possible but not too many as to be distracting.
Bold the first clause or two of each paragraph to make it easier for people to skim.
People can then get a quick overview of the content.
To get people to read in depth though you need to have quality content.
Decide who your target

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.578412
Retrieved Text: I have a lot of ideas for my blog. I am sure all Bloggers do no matter what they blog about they want to get the people who are interested in the same things as them--their followers and interact with them in some way. To make there blog a place more people that love said topics will visit and love.
The problem with having all these ideas for the blog is implementing them. Really off the top of my head I can think of at least two things that I really want to do on my blog. But time is a big factor in this because most ideas, no matter how simple or easy they seem to add to the blog and get off the ground; they usually aren’t.
Like my Weekly Re-read. No one participates in this but me--which I know of mind you! If there are people who are re-reading these books with me hopefully you will love this idea! But it was not created for people to read with me to be truthful; I wanted to re-read books so I made it a feature. This feature and the commitment to have it up every week has made my re-read book stack huge with finished novels. At first I was a little late getting them up but--I had to get it up because it was a feature on my blog. I needed that deadline and pressure to make the time to pick up books that I loved and re-read them.
Now I want to share this with

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.540099
Retrieved Text: When people cannot reduce weight by starvation, here the readers will be able to reduce it by taking regular diet in a balanced form. --> Read This Press Release !
While some motorcycles have loud pipes and gas engines to alert motorists to a motorcycles presence, --> Read This Press Release !
It contains some of the thoughts that have been emailed to thousands of people around the world since 2004. --> Read This Press Release !
There's anything exciting than watching simple . basketball team at the playoffs. --> Read This Press Release !
Wigs are used by different people several reasons. --> Read This Press Release !

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.535642
Retrieved Text: This Bookreporter.com Special Newsletter spotlights a book that we know people will be talking about this spring. Read more about it, and enter our Spring Preview Contest by Friday, April 22nd at 11:59am ET for a chance to win one of five copies of HEX by Thomas Olde Heuvelt, which releases on April 26th. Please note that each contest is only open for 24 hours, so you will need to act quickly!
This Bookreporter.com Special Newsletter spotlights a book that we know people will be talking about this spring. Read more about it, and enter our Spring Preview Contest by Thursday, April 21st at 11:59am ET for a chance to win one of five copies of DESIGN FOR DYING: A Lillian Frost & Edith Head Novel by Renee Patrick, which is now available. Please note that each contest is only open for 24 hours, so you will need to act quickly!
This Bookreporter.com Special Newsletter spotlights a book that we know people will be talking about this spring. Read more about it, and enter our Spring Preview Contest by Wednesday, April 20th at 11:59am ET for a chance to win one of five copies of MAESTRA by L. S. Hilton, which releases today. Please note that each contest is only open for 24 hours, so you will need to act quickly!
This Bookreporter.com Special Newsletter spotlights a book that we know people will be talking about this spring. Read more about it, and enter our Spring Preview Contest by Tuesday, April 19th at 11:59am ET for a chance to

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.518985
Retrieved Text: The main mistake that most researchers do is to think about their careers rather than the issues they are studying. How many researchers have I seen constantly updating their resumés, constantly thinking about their place in the research community or constantly seeking approval for their past work. That is, most researchers spend most of their time seeking approval for their past work, rather than trying to tackle the next research problem.
So how do you do research? Here are some dos and don'ts.
DON'T define your research problems first.
DO read as many generalist books about the field at hand first. Start with the generalist books, then move the more specialized ones, before you move to the more esoteric ones.
DO read primary sources. Funny how many religion professors never read the bible cover to cover or how many economics professors never read the five volumes of The Wealth of Nations by Adam Smith.
DO read secondary sources, if possible after reading the primary sources. They will give you an idea of the different interpretations of primary sources.
DO read tertiary sources. Such books often include a summary of the research that has been done and that is being done on the topic.
DON'T spend too much time writing your papers. Especially if you publish them in journals. No one will read them.
DO focus on why your research is important. Will it cure a disease? Will it enable machines to work better? Will it give tips to economic planners? Will it enable better understanding between communities? Or are you simply repeating what has

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.503844
Retrieved Text: Friends Everybody wants to achieve the success of their life, but they do not have any idea of how they can become successful people, they keep thinking that he was so successful.
What do you, Anil Ambani or Mukesh Ambani, who did so successfully, do not think all these things and know that these successful people do this so that success kicks their steps.
So today we will tell you that those successful habits of every successful man who make them successful.
If you know or read about successful people, you must have heard one thing about them that they always get up early, rising up early is considered the biggest key to success.
This habit remains in the habit of successful people. By early morning, their day is always big because they get extra time to do some work.
It is important to get up early so that you sleep early at night, it is considered to be the best time to sleep at 10 o’clock, so also you put these two habits in your life, the results will be in front of you.
Also Read :– How To Motivate Yourself To Get A Successful Life?
Every successful man has a habit that he constantly keeps reading. Now you will think that the graduates have been done. Now what you read, let us know that you read anything.
(Like if you like reading someone’s sanjivani, then you read that, if you like cricket, read about it), you will get to know about new things and your information will increase.
You may also have some

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.448998
Retrieved Text: People want to know what they are going to get when they purchase a book, and spend their time reading it.
By telling people the genre of the novel, the ones who want to read that genre will purchase it, and those who don’t want to read that genre will simply pass by it without a second glance. People don’t want to pick up a book expecting a murder mystery only to find it’s a cringe-worthy cliché romance between the motorcycle-riding, leather-jacket-wearing bad boy/gang leader, and the awkward, shy girl who does nothing but read (even though she doesn’t pick up a book after the first chapter has ended).
People expect the book they pay for. If they pay for a murder mystery, the want a murder mystery. If they pay for a demonic clown that eats children, they want a demonic clown that eats children. Don’t give them the opposite of what they’re looking for.
If you’ve written a romance novel, give it a lovey-dovey title and make the cover as romantic as possible. If you’ve written a murder mystery, give it a suspenseful title with a dark and mysterious cover. Don’t give the novel about a demon terrorizing a town a cover with two people staring lovingly into each other’s eyes, and a title that screams “IF YOU LIKE STAR WARS, READ THIS!”. Readers will be annoyed that what they thought they were buying is something entirely different.
People want what they payed for.
People want what was advertised.
People want what you promised them.
People do actually judge books by

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.432746
Retrieved Text: Reading aloud is NOT the smooth sailing as many of us imagine it will be.
Kids are hyperactive these days and they will often jump around, bang on the table or climb on the furniture while you try to read.
Other kids will slowly sink into a state of deep torpor the more you read and by the time that you reach the most exciting part of the chapter - you will hear loud snoring.
The more you read, the more critical they are.
Children will come to expect good books.
How do you get around these hiccups?
These are not hiccups - it is part of the process.
Sounds too complicated? Frustrated with the difficulties?
It just means that you entered a new stage of reading aloud.
Your listener is no longer a passive receptacle.
Your little girl has higher expectations.
Your little boy has an acquired taste.
We do not want our children to grow up without the ability to discriminate between good and bad.
What Can You Do To Make a Book Seem (More) Interesting?
The first rule in the book is that you have to show genuine interest in the book that you are about to read.
Abraham Lincoln famously said "You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time."
But he forgot to add that there are some people that you can never fool.
They know you inside out.
When you start walking towards the kitchen, they know what is on your mind.
When you tip-toe

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.417023
Retrieved Text: My Life Is A Fairytale That Will Never End.: Top Ten Books Everyone Has Read.. Except Me!
Top Ten Books Everyone Has Read.. Except Me! - My Life Is A Fairytale That Will Never End.
Ok, seriously one of this days I WILL read Harry Potter. It became such a thing in the back of my head.. I need to read it. Soon.
I see everywhere on blogs people talk about this series. So I decided to read it. But haven't make it there yet.
God, I have been dying to read this book for so long and now that it had been released I still didn't get the chance to read it. When I'll be at the airport leaving London I will buy it and read it.
Ahh, it seems that everyone had read the book already except me. I will read it.
I need to read this book seriously.
On every blog I see the review of this book and all of them said it's fantastic. Definitely I'll read it.
They all say it's amazing. So it must be true.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.366808
Retrieved Text: I have written previously (here, here) about how people like to pretend they have read something they haven’t. To summarise my take on this phenomenon: Stop it!
People claim to have read books (1, 2, 3, 4) and watched movies they haven’t in order to appear more intelligent. From the new list that I will discuss below, you have to question who they are trying to impress by claiming to have read Dan Brown and Stieg Larsson.
Impressing people is what this is all about. We all have an inability to admit we like (or dislike) stuff because others may have a subjectively different taste and ridicule us. We even come up with the fake term “guilty pleasure” to describe something we like but are ashamed of for some reason. There shouldn’t be guilty pleasures, only pleasures… unless that pleasure is illegal or immoral or both – such as the movies of Uwe Bole.
This new list of lied about books comes from a poll of 2,000 UK adults. In it 41% of respondents admitted they fibbed about what, and how much, they read. This was part of The Reading Agency‘s look at reading habits. It found that 67% of respondents would like to read more, but 48% claimed they were too busy to read… but caught the game on the TV and did you see those new cat videos? Another interesting point was that 35% said they struggle to find a book they really like, and 26% want recommendations from someone they know. I.e. reviews are important.
As you

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.362667
Retrieved Text: This video excerpt from LOTR sums up what writing feels like to me. It's messy and cozy, you are writing about what you love, you get interrupted. The help you rely upon isn't really helpful. Once the book is done, you have achieved something amazing but then what do you do?
Have one or two people read it, as those few friends and family read Bilbo's There and Back Again - or do you want more people to read your work? Maybe make the writing available so as many people as read Lord of the Rings could read your book?
If you would like that and know you need help - talk to me.
QP Publishing Coaching is my contact.
My team and I can provide you with solutions which will delight you, won't cost the earth and will help you get you writing career out of The Shire and into the Wide World where other people who are just dying to read your stories are waiting to find your book.
PS. I live only one hour from Hobbiton.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.357387
Retrieved Text: Proverbs 18:15 Intelligent people are always ready to learn.
I hope you are all doing good. I believe that in one way or another, we are doing whatever it takes to be financially educated.
I recently read somewhere that Chinese people between 40 to 65 years of age are responsible for most of their savings. We all know that probably the one child policy at the time pushed these guys to even save more since they had no major expenses in terms of large families and such money is able to take them through their retirement or old age.
Robert Kiyosaki had to say this about financial education "Today financial knowledge is more powerful than a gun or the whips and shackles of slavery. The lack of financial education enslaves billions of people in all parts of the world."
We all know from the wise saying, "My people perish for lack of knowledge". To liberate yourself from ignorance and enslavement of the mind - Read, read, read. If you can take at-least 30 minutes a day to study something in regards to this area of finances, then you will be educating yourselves. We all know that this subject of financial education will or might never appear in school curricular but we have to go out and seek such knowledge.
The writer in proverbs said it clearly, Intelligent people are always ready to learn, their ears are open to knowledge, I hope you are in this bracket and seeking to improve yourself so that you can help others as well. We all

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.357288
Retrieved Text: Mobile Marketing is one of the best ways to advertise yourself & your products.
Recent studies by Nielsen Mobile indicates that around 97% of people with a mobile/cellphone will read an SMS (text) message within 15 minutes of receiving it.
What’s more: 84% will respond within 1 hour.
Now given the fact that globally over 3 billion people are estimated to have access to a mobile phone and 97% of them are reading the texts virtually right away – do you start to build a picture of why this is the most preferred form of marketing today?
But you read the text messages that you get. And even if you don’t like what you read, before you even know it – you’ve read it, it’s in your brain. You at least know what it was about and the seller has achieved most of what he set out to do.
Speaking of toilets, sadly, an UN investigation found that there are more mobile phones in the world (and people have more access to them) than toilets.
Here is a book that will teach you how to ENCASH one of the most underrated marketing channels.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.349606
Retrieved Text: Read more about Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power.
Read more about We can complain because rose bushes have thorns or rejoice because thorns have roses.
Read more about Hope but never expect. Look forward but never wait.
Read more about Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
There are far far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
Read more about There are far far better things ahead than any we leave behind.
Read more about Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.
Read more about With great power comes great responsibility.
Read more about When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It’s very simple.
Read more about Where there’s tea, there’s hope.
A one-hour workout is 4 percent of your day. No excuses.
Read more about A one-hour workout is 4 percent of your day. No excuses.
Read more about The best revenge is massive success.
Read more about Calmness is the cradle of power.
Read more about Never lose hope.
Read more about Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
Read more about Think positive and positive things will happen.
Read more about TV gives everyone an image, but radio gives birth to a million images in a million brains.
Read more about Your attitude determines your direction.
Read more about I am proud of the woman I am today, because I went through one hell of a time becoming her.
Read more about Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Read more about When you blame others, you give up your

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.344732
Retrieved Text: Hearing from the Bible is a central part of our church meetings. Each week a different member of our church family reads the Bible passage.
What to do: Read the bible clearly and audibly for the congregation.
Time required: Time practicing reading the passage before Sunday.
Arrive AT LEAST 10 minutes before for group prayer which occurs prior to church starting.
Training: There is a training for Bible reading at Drummoyne Presbyterian. This is simply a checklist for those that have already been trained.
Because the reading of the Bible is important, it is important that it can be clearly understood. When you read the Bible in church your aim should be to communicate the Word of God, as clearly as possible. The way it is read, should help people to understand it. And to read it that well, means you will have to prepare. There is no substitute for preparation. When a reader is not prepared it is obvious and benefits no one.
· Have your Bible out and the page marked. Know the page number in the church Bible.
Calm yourself before reading, check your breathing.
Come up the front to the microphone.
Announce the reading (start & finish verse) and give the page number in the church Bibles.
Announce the reading again as you start.
Make sure you read and prepare from the NIV2011.
Make sure you know where the reading finishes. If you have read it through a few times beforehand, this will not be a problem.
Practice and you will not stumble, but if you do, just keep on going. You don’t need to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.344276
Retrieved Text: Certain times of night demand reflection. On a night without even a moon or could in the sky, I think about the wonders of the universe. As my current project enters another round of editing, I’m so grateful for the people who have offered their feedback on the project. Feedback is hard work. Never underestimate how much time it takes to read, digest, consider and explain your educated opinion. Also, remember how much your time, effort, and opinions mean to the author you are reading for.
My current readers are not scifi people, though there is a speculative fiction devotee among them. (They are not the same thing; don’t get the librarian in me started.) My point is that I’m taking these wonderful people out of their preferred reading zone and into a potentially boring area. And then I want them to give honest feedback based on their reading experience. Thank you to each reader who gave it their best and read some, all, or even a little bit of the scifi I sent. It really means the world to me. Thanks for giving your time and mental energy to reading scifi.
Read the book ;-). If you like it, tell your friends about it.
Give Amazon feedback (or on Smashwords or Barnes and Noble). Like the book on facebook, StumbleUpon, tumblr, twitter, or another site. Writing can’t improve or continue without an audience to read it. The more feedback posted online, the more people will give that book a try.
Read more. Read the authors you love. Read what

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.332581
Retrieved Text: Technology has been one of the fastest growing industry now days, with Internet being one of them. Since the invention of the Internet; information, entertainment, and many other resources have been accessible online. This foreshadowed that the Internet will soon replace the book, as chief tool of learning. With today advanced technology books can be downloaded, read, and carried around just like any piece of technology such as a mobile phone or tablet. Many authors have agreed that reading texts online enhanced their reading experience. Technology completely changed the way we read books. Reading an e-book has become so popular now day that eventually the book will only become just a supplement tool of learning. This new technology that enables people to store the entire book and read them on the go, which is just like carrying a paper. A good example is the release of Amazon’s revolutionary reading device, Kindle eBook. It became very popular among many readers because it is so compact and easy to use. Books can be downloaded full text onto this device and take and read them anywhere. With its Internet capability, dictionary online can be done in less then a minute. Reading from an e-book is so much easier because you can search the key word that you want to look for without having to read through the text once more. Also, the tablet can store hundreds of books. Without having to carry many books, and you can reading whatever you like from one place, the eBook has gained popularity

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.328989
Retrieved Text: Read all about Ghana, what continent it is on, which countries surround it, what natural resources it has and what the landscape and climate is like. You will learn about Ghanaian people and their lives and culture.At the back of each book is a quiz which requires children to go back through the text and find the answers - encouraging them to think about, and engage with, what they have read. The information is presented in manageable chunks, making the book both highly accessible and ideal for project work.
Read all about Brazil, what continent it is on, what countries surround it, what natural resources it has and what the landscape and climate is like. You will learn about Brazilian people and their lives and culture.Simple quiz questions at the back help readers to remember what they've just read.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.323838
Retrieved Text: Make sure your business vehicle wrap is money well spent by ensuring that it incorporates these key features of an effective design.
Fleet vehicle wrapping can be one of the most cost-effective forms of advertising out there, think about when you're out and about and you see a car in a non-standard colour, it will almost always catch your eye. Now think about if that standout colour has your company name in front of it, people will remember that.
However, it’s not just as simple as slapping a business name over some luminescent shade of green and expecting people to remember you for time immemorial. It needs to be done with quality to convey the correct message and brand.
So we’ve put together a short list for you to consider before you get your brand new T2 wrapped in some wacky design. Stick to these fundamentals and you can’t go far wrong.
Not everyone has eagle eyes! Remember that many of the people viewing your message will be doing so from another vehicle, often from 20+ metres (unless they’re in a BMW) so it needs to be easy to read from some distance away. Think about what colour combination will make improve contrast to make the text easiest to see from afar, don’t go putting white lettering on a gray wrap. If it’s not easy to read, your message will reach far fewer people than it has the potential to.
Your message doesn’t only need to be easy to read, it needs to be easy to understand too. Making the mistake

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.320271
Retrieved Text: Ipswich charity Let’s Talk Reading is targeting disadvantaged areas of Ipswich after it was estimated that 8,000 adults in the town lack basic reading skills.
The estimate is based on national figures and means that there are thousands of adults who are living their lives embarrassed by something which is most emphatically not their fault. They will struggle to read labels on food and street signs, and lack the skills to fill out forms.
But Let’s Talk Reading (LTR) hope to turn this around and make Ipswich the first town in the country where every pupil leaving primary school and every adult is able to read.
John Helleur, who is a retired senior engineering manager from BT, chairs LTR, set up in 2016 to address the problem. He says everyone has the “Right to Read” and he is passionate on the subject.
The issue came to his attention when he was a secondary school governor in Ipswich, a position he held for nearly 40 years, until 2015. John found the statistics depressing.
“The thing that got me was that lots of kids were coming into the secondary school not able to read adequately - about 46% of kids were coming in with a reading age two years behind their actual age. And, of that percentage, about half effectively couldn’t read at all - having a reading age below seven.
Advancing the cause of literacy costs money, however, and while the trustees of LTR give their services free, taking the project into schools and communities comes at a price.
Initially LTR worked with primary

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.314381
Retrieved Text: Declaration: the End or the Beginning?
The Fathers House International Ministries, Inc.
Nearly 235 years ago, on July 4th, 1776 our forefathers ended something; then declared a new beginning! This declaration was made on behalf of themselves, their families, their countrymen and the many generations that would follow in their footsteps. Today many celebrate the memory of this day as “Independence Day.” Yet I wonder how many of the 310 million people in our country actually understand the real significance of our Day of Independence?
As my mentor said these words, I could not help but think about our “declarers of independence!” In order to better understand the true significance of July 4th, 1776 and all it really means to us, I decided to read, again, our “Unanimous Declaration of Independence.” I was determined to put myself back into their day and that time and read it through the eyes and hearts of those who crafted and signed this divinely inspired document. As I read, I was captured by some of the phrases such as: “We hold these truths to be self-evident…” “… endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights,” and “…whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers…to effect their Safety and Happiness.” This time, as I read, I became tearfully passionate for our country, our future and our own generation.
My angst is more with myself as

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.299757
Retrieved Text: Some people think parents should read or tell stories to children, while others think parents need not do that, as children can read books, watch TV or movies by themselves.
Parents take care of their children at every step. While some people believe that parents should teach children different stories, others believe that parents should not involve in that as children have the ability to understand and analyse those stories and lessons by themselves.
There are many benefits of teaching children by parents on stories. Children can understand stories by reading themselves, but not up to the level as older people can. As they grow up their analysing ability also will increase. Hence if parents make them understand stories by reading and translating, they can understand much better. Not only that, if children start reading and watching stories by themselves, there is a possibility of misunderstanding the concept of stories (If Moral stories), and also possibility of choosing the bad programs and stories by themselves. For instance, old people always advise parents to teach children good moral stories, which are used for them to improve and understand the values of a human being.
However, some people believe that parents should not always hold children for each and every step, as they read books, watch TV, so have the ability to understand the stories by reading themselves. People say that there are a lot of differences in today’s children compared to older days. It is proved that these day’s children have the ability to understand the situations and act according

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.291505
Retrieved Text: Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online mission is to share and grow the world’s knowledge. A vast amount of the knowledge that would be valuable to many people is currently only available to a few — either locked in people’s heads, or only accessible to select groups. We want to connect the people who have knowledge to the people who need it, to bring together people with different perspectives so they can understand each other better, and to empower everyone to share their knowledge for the benefit of the rest of the world.
The heart of Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online is questions — questions that affect the world, questions that explain recent world events, questions that guide important life decisions, and questions that provide insights into why other people think differently. Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online is a place where you can ask questions you care about and get answers that are amazing.
Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online has only one version of each question. It doesn’t have a left wing version, a right wing version, a western version, and an eastern version. Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online brings together people from different worlds to answer the same question, in the same place — and to learn from each other. We want Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online to be the place to voice your opinion because Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online is where the debate is happening. We want the Read Questions and Answers 2019 Online answer to be the definitive

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.289126
Retrieved Text: Although, Steve jobs has gone. But Apple is still alive with his innovative vision. Apple has started testing a new voicemail service. Which will not bring a big change, but it will certainly reduce the generation gap.
The voicemail-to-text service is already been launched previously by google with the name of Google’s Now and Microsoft with the name of Cortana. But they have faced a continuous big failure of the service due to its non-accurate results. However, there is still no news about the accuracy of the Apple Siri voicemail transcription service, but Apple seems to be very hopeful toward this feature.
The concept of the feature is simple yet very wise. Most of the old age people do not prefer text messages, but Youngers do. Likewise, younger age people don’t prefer voicemails and take text messages easy to read.
Also Read: iPhone 7 to come out soon, What are your Expectations?
What is Apple’s Siri Voicemail transcription feature is all about?
The feature is to be launched officially in 2016 in the Apple’s latest iOS 10. The Siri Voicemail transcription feature will allow users to read their voicemails on the screen like a text message instead of listening to it.
The Apple’s Siri will answer the calls and transcribe voicemail messages into the text messages. The iClould service will then send that message to you on your iPhone.
Furthermore, if you are busy somewhere in the meeting or with anything and unable to receive the call, so the Siri voicemail transcription feature will tell the reason to the caller about why you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.284688
Retrieved Text: What I learnt from my shop. Moodscope blog.
People often write about what pearls of wisdom they have learnt from school, university, famous people, famous books, philosophy and travelling. I was thinking what I have learnt from my shop.
# That if a child does not behave before they come into my shop they will not instantly start to behave the moment they enter the shop.
# That nearly every customer is an expert in retail and are very keen to share their expertise.
# That not only do customers expect me to have read every book in my shop but to have read or least know the title of every book ever published.
# That if you give a toddler one of our teddy bears as they enter shop and expect them to give it up when leaving the shop, there will be tears and tantrums, and the toddler will be upset too.
# That people will say in loud voices negative things about my shop, just ignoring me.
# That people will assume all I do all day is read books and say how they wished they had a booksshop so they could read all day.
I am thinking you will have learnt something from your work, your garden, volunteering, public transport and many other places where by simply observing you will have learnt something interesting.
So please share what knowledge you have gained and where you have gained it from?
Can be simple or profound or both.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.280292
Retrieved Text: Google News for Android will be the best app for people that love to get new information in this world. This app is developed by Google for android devices where it will replace the old Google one. With this app, the people can discover the news that is interesting to read. You can read all the news only in one app. Because of that, the users will be able enjoying the breaking news and long-form article with some features including videos, audios and much more.
The feature of this app is impressive that will help the users to use the app easily. This app will enjoy the users to read the breaking news and also long for of article with audio or video. This app will offer all of the best free news about cooking, sports, politics, technology, leisure, and many more. The best one in this app is that it has hundreds of excellent publication so that it will make easy to share, to follow, to read, and many more.
One of the interesting features that can be found in this app is that the user can use the feature of ‘read now’ function in order to find more articles which is interesting. Besides, with this app, the users also can enjoy any newspaper or magazine without losing any pages even if the users are not connected to internet. It means that with this feature, the users can mark the articles and also other news to read it later and it will be made available to read

================



======= Instance Index 18056 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I had a really good time , a bunch of people came out and we all had a really good time . I was even more happy that Faye was able to tag along .
Question: Where are they going ?
Options: 
- To Faye 's house
 - A first date
 - A trip to the club
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: A trip to the club

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.751396
Retrieved Text: We are going to eat at McDonald's.
My family is going to eat at McDonald's.
Where is your family going to eat?
Where is you family going to have lunch?
Where is you family going to have dinner\supper?
Where is your family going to eat/have lunch?
We are going to have lunch at McDonald's.
We are [= We're] going to eat out. = We're going to eat out.
- Where is you family going to eat?
- We are going to eat at ______________.
We are going to eat out.
We are going to eat at O bom da Picanha.
And now I am going to have lunch.
Where is your family going to eat/have breakfast/have lunch/have dinner?
We are going to eat at __________________ .
This entry was posted on Thursday, January 31st, 2019 at 17:45	and is filed under Inglês Básico Todos os Dias. You can subscribe to any comments to this entry via RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed.
We’re going to have lunch at the mall’s food court.
Lots of good options there!
We’re going to have lunch at restaurant.
Yum! I like to eat there!
I like a homemade meal!
Where is your family going to have lunch?
We are going to have lunch at Delírio Tropical.
I haven’t eaten there yet. Is it good?
Where does your kids love to eat lunch?
He loves to eat out, normally fast food, specially Burger King.
Where are your sons going to have lunch today?
They are going to eat at my mother’s house.
It’s always a special treat to eat at Grandma’s house!
Where is your parents going to have supper

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.55384
Retrieved Text: （ ）1. Who has a birthday in Dec.?
A. Me. B. John. C. Zhang Peng.
（ ）2. When does Mike go to school?
（ ）3. What are you going to do tomorrow ?
（ ）4. How do you go to school?
（ ）5. What is Chen Jie going to do next week?
( ) 1. Zhang Peng is going to visit .
( ) 2. Zhang Peng is going by .
( ) 3. Mike is going to buy a in the Science Bookstore.
( ) 4. Zhang Peng’s grandparents live next to .
( ) 5. Mike and Zhang Peng are going after .
1. Where are you going? A. By train.
2. When are you going? B. Buy a comic book.
3. What are you going? C. Because I am going to visit my grandparants.
4. How do you go to the zoo? D. At 3 o’clock.
5. Why are you going? E. The fruit stand.
（　）1、Sarah is going to the bookstore on Saturday .
（　）2、 is the library ? It’s in front of the school .
（　）3、Turn right the school. Then go straight. It’s the left.
（　）4、 do you go to school, Sarah? I usually go to school by bus.
（　）5、Wait at a light.
（　）6、I’m going to Beijing the National Holiday.
（　）7、What are you going to do this afternoon?
A、I’m going to buy a book. B、I’m going to the bookstore.
C、I’m going at 3 o’clock.
（　）8、You can go to the zoo subway.
（　）9、Where is the post office? It’s west the cinema.
（　）10、Sarah, let’s to the park this afternoon.
（　）11、We live near the theme park. We go there by train.
We go there by bike.
（　）12、 you going to read a magazine tonight?
（　）13、What you

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.363277
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.357528
Retrieved Text: Shoot where they are going to be!
Fry: Shoot where they are going to be.
Invaders: Increase speed. Drop down. Reverse direction.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.286831
Retrieved Text: Setting up a visit to the wine trail will be something many folks are going to wish to do in the near future. It is a wonderful visit that features viewing lots of the wine makers in town and will be great for just about anyone who would like to find out far more concerning wine or even try some of the nearby wine. Nevertheless, when someone is actually considering going on the tour, they\'ll wish to locate Hermann MO Lodging for their particular visit. It really is a good suggestion to plan this with plenty of forethought so an individual may make sure they\'ll have a room when they arrive.
Some people don\'t prepare for precisely where they\'ll stay before a vacation and just intend on discovering somewhere in the area when they get there. Even though this will make for an exciting trip, it will mean there is a likelihood they are going to happen to be in the area at the same time as a large event and thus may well not be able to find lodging for the time they are there. Instead, they will need to go on and arrange for precisely where they\'re going to stay well ahead of time. Any time they accomplish this, they\'re going to be in a position to make certain they locate accommodations which will be superb and also that they are going to love.
If perhaps you\'re considering going on the wine trail, take the time to find out much more about places to stay in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.223415
Retrieved Text: The best Boise personal trainers, the ones that are going to be able to customize programs, and have been able to get guarantee results, are the ones that are found at The Lab. This is an incredible place that is not a gym, it is a complete workout facility, where you can go to get great results. Whether you are looking to obliterate weight, or gain a ton of muscle, or become a better athlete, The Lab is where you can do all of those things. You deserve to call the amazing experts that are there, by dialing 208-863-8072 at talk to them about what you are looking for. From there, they are going to be able to customize the program for you.
The Lab can customize each and every single program to each person’s individual needs, they do this, to make sure that no matter what each person is looking for, they are going to be all to see a body transformation. In fact, you are going to be able to see your entire body be transformed, from when it was, the way you wanted to be when you decide to use these Boise personal trainers. The Lab is such an incredible place where you can go to get great results in any of your fitness goals. If you are looking to become better athlete to get to that next level, The Lab can help.
The Lab is been able to help so many different people, even athletes get to that next level. If you are looking

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.208164
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.155677
Retrieved Text: Janet, as well as her family and friends, are all going to be busy tomorrow. Find out where they are all going to go and what they are all going to do.
ENGLISH GRAMMAR: Future tense (going to...). Possessive adjectives. Prepositions.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.132295
Retrieved Text: When you are with the right person, you will never have to doubt where you stand in that person’s life. You’re always going to know that they consider you to be one of the most important people in their world. You know that you are always going to be close to their heart. You know that you aren’t just going to be a casual acquaintance.
A person who is in love with you for real is always going to make sure that you know just how much you mean to them. They are always going to make it clear to you just how much they love you. You are always going to know about how they are smitten by you. You are always going to know about the fact that you make them weak in the knees.
They are going to make their feelings known to you through both their words and their actions. They will always make sure that you never have to find yourself doubting how they feel about you. They will do whatever they can to make sure that you don’t feel insecure in your relationship. They will say that they love you and they will back it up with how they act whenever they’re around you.
You will never have to beg the person you love to be with you because they will be there for you regardless of the situation. You will never have to find yourself on your knees asking them to stay with you because they are able to give you that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.031587
Retrieved Text: Will Bella be playing in the Breaking Dawn 2 movie یا will there be someone else playing her part.
Can I ask if Edward and Bella's baby will be a vampire?
Where do آپ think they will end Breaking Dawn part 1.
where in the book are they going to end part 1 and will they be spliting it into Jacob and Bella's parts???
can آپ please check out my Banner idea for the fanspot?
Does anyone know what rating Breaking Dawn is going to be?
Do آپ know where I can listen the song "The cat's meow" from Twilight?
what do آپ know about breaking dawn cast?
Can آپ please شامل میں my new club for mackanzie foy?? Shes gonna play Renesmee in breaking dawn.
Your Open QuestionShow me another » Twilight Saga Q:have they already selected who is the cast for renesmee in breaking dawn?
can somebody explain to me what they mean about Breaking Dwan being R rated یا RG-13 rated.
I Have A Challenge! Are آپ In?
What do آپ think that the breaking dawn movie will be rated???
Check out this picture i found wadya think?
Im confused!!!Help!!Are they going to make Breaking dawn into a movie?If they do are they going to تقسیم, الگ کریں it into 2 movie's??
what do آپ think the relationship between jacob and renesmee???
What Do آپ Think Breaking Dawn Should Be Rated?
Do آپ think that the people who are making this movie should تقسیم, الگ کریں it into different parts? Explain please.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.027264
Retrieved Text: Cougar dating can be lots of fun, if you know where you can take a cougar on a date. Because a cougar is much older than you, you will have the problem that you might not take your cougar to a place where she feels comfortable. Cougar websites are much different than taking a cougar on a real date. Here some tips that you need to remember where you’re taking your cougar on a first date.
Going on a coffee date is always best for a first date. The reason is that there’s less stress in a coffee date. You can go to any coffee bar for coffee and it is not as formal as when you’re going to another, more formal date.
Going for a coffee, gives you the best chance of just sitting and chatting without any guilt feelings. The coffee drinking is cheap and there’s normally no strings attached when it comes to any further dates.
A thing that you need to consider when you’re going on a real cougar date is the location of where you’re taking your cougar. You need to consider taking her to a place with a quiet atmosphere, where you can talk to each other and not need to scream to each other.
If you’re not thinking about the atmosphere of the place that you’re choosing for your first date, there might not be a second date at all. The first date is an impression of how the rest of the dates are going to be, and if you’re not thinking about

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.001577
Retrieved Text: "He that travels much knows much."
No matter where it’s going."
he lifting her lightly and pulling her along.
breathing hard are they in complete accord.
fate will fall between the rails.
for Broadway shows and business men in booths.
where his own feet fell. In time with him, she is.
abandoned books, and valets tending luggage.
she is alone – then he pulls himself on board.
They scan the car; he exhales first.
They pick backward seats for luck.
and living life when they gather where they’re going.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.999154
Retrieved Text: Looking for American Candy in the United Kingdom When you are living in a different country from where you grew up, there are a lot of things that you are going to start missing. Although you may love the move you have made, that does not mean you are not going to miss things from your childhood. One of the things that many people miss the most when they are in another country is food from where they grew up. Although the food where you are now may be great, it will not be the comfort food that you had when you were growing up. One of the great things about being American is how widespread our food is. When you are looking for American food available in the United Kingdom, you are going to have many options. The first place that you are going to want to go if you are on the hunt for American food available in the United Kingdom is the grocery store. In grocery chains in the UK, there is an American food section where you are going to be able to find many options. Primarily you are going to be able to find American soda, candy, and snacks. There is a good chance you are going to be able to find the American food you want if it is made by one of the larger brands. If you are looking for American food available in the United Kingdom and want a hot meal, you are going to be able to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.989706
Retrieved Text: We are going to start having a baseline workout that you can schedule with me that will be available on the weekends. I want you all to take advantage of this and monitor where you are, where you have been and where you’re going in terms of fitness. They will be short, simple movements, but they will test your body in multiple ways to see your general fitness level. This will always be something done for newbies joining the CrossFit community.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.937962
Retrieved Text: WHAT DO CORPORATIONS, GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS, NEWLYWEDS﻿﻿﻿, ADVENTURERS AND A HIGH SCHOOL BAND HAVE IN COMMON?
﻿They all simply tell us where they're going and when — we take care of the rest. We've got the staff and we've got the experience to make sure everyone gets whatever they want. No matter who you are or where you're going. Travelennium is the way the world is going.
Travelennium is located just off Poplar and Colonial in East Memphis.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.922908
Retrieved Text: Is this going to be the first apartment you have secured in Grand Prairie TX? If so, then you probably aren’t too familiar with the area. Texas can be quite spread out, so it can certainly help to start that search online.
Getting to know the city, its culture and everything else about the area can help you get a good idea of what you’re in for and where you want to live. What has made you want to look for an apartment in the city of Grand Prairie, Texas?
When familiarizing yourself with the city and the apartment listings there, you’re also going to want to know some things to do. Grand Prairie features a Ripley’s Believe it or Not attraction. It is always interesting to see where these museums and similar attractions are located and what they have to offer. There are a few where I live because my city is all about tourism. It is really neat that there is one located in Grand Prairie.
If you need help finding the best grand prarie apartments, there are real estate agents that can lend a helping hand. They know the area and where all the best apartments are located. They will even be on top of all of the new individual listings so that you can find that fresh apartment before someone else does.
Some of the listings aren’t exactly going to match what you are looking for. They might not have the right amount of bedrooms or space, or perhaps you are looking for certain amenities. You

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.911434
Retrieved Text: When you want to get ticket for the WWE, there are many ways to do this. Going to see the WWE is going to be fun for you and who ever you want to take with you. When you want to go to see this adventures event, but are not sure how to get tickets, there are a few different things that you can do to get the best seats that you want.One way for you to get WWE tickets is to visit the official online site. This site will offer you a full schedule of all of the events that are taking place. You will be able to see the events that are upcoming and where they are going to take place.
This site will tell you where you can expect to see special matches and when they are going to take place. You will be able to purchase all of the WWE tickets that you want online.You can also call into the place where the event is going to take place. This is great way to find all of the WWE tickets that you want. They will sell you the tickets over the phone as long as you have a credit card.
They will then send the tickets through the mail to your home. You will usually have your tickets within a few days. If you do not want the tickets sent through the mail, you can pick them up at the place where the event is going to take place.You can also find tickets at

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.903291
Retrieved Text: OAKLAND, Calif. (KGO) -- Over a dozen Oakland churches have come together to help those who have been displaced by last week's fatal fire in West Oakland.
Four people died in the fire ... and the survivors who were living at that three-story apartment building lost everything they had.
Pastor Debra Avery and Reverend Joseph Simmons are leading the effort to help them.
"What happens after that immediate part of the emergency is that everyone is concerned about where they are going to stay tonight and where they are going to eat tonight but down the line, all of those urgencies fade away," said Rev. Avery.
"This won't end in 30-days they are going to have other needs that need to be met," said Re. Simmons.
The pastors have a Facebook page that will tell you more about their mission and how you can donate or otherwise help.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.879898
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.878029
Retrieved Text: Home Goal setting happiness Motivation Personal development Self Improvement Choose to Enjoy Life!
We have a choice to make our life interesting and exciting, or we have a choice to get into the mundane of life. When we get into the mundane of life, life escapes us, to be gone… never to return. Very few of us actually take it up as a challenge to enjoy life and to make it exciting.
Most of us just slip through life. We drive through life as if we are driving on a highway without choosing to go left or right. We just keep going where the road is going, and at the end, we arrive at a destination that we may not have decided to reach. But because we did choose to go where we want to go, we have reached and arrived somewhere else.
Stop! Don’t just drive through the highway of life, but think who are you? What do you want? Where you want to go? If you keep going where you are going, will you get to where you actually want to go? When you get to where you were going, will you be happy? These questions must always be on the top of our minds , and they must decide the direction and where we are going.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.871241
Retrieved Text: Picking a stroller is really one of the things where you have to sit down and figure out; what am I going to use this stroller for? Maybe you don't even know, if it's a newborn. But if you don't have sidewalks outside of your house, or you are on a hill, or you are always going to be going somewhere with the baby because you don't live in a neighborhood; then buying one of those beautiful, fancy strollers that everyone oohs and aahs about isn't the best for getting in and out of the car. You are going to be one of those people who has a baby in your hand, or have a car seat in your hand, and you are going to have a stroller that you are going to need one hand to open. Those strollers, for the most part, are very complicated to open and shut. You need something that's one handed, single handed, open and shut; and not the bassinet that you are pushing down the street. They are really large. They are hard to get in and out of the car, so while they are beautiful and really cool looking, they may not work for you. If you are in a neighborhood where you walk a lot, and you are not going to fold and unfold all the time and it's really for the neighborhood, those bigger strollers work. You need to find out what you really need it for. Everybody makes mistakes. I think I ended up with

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.869422
Retrieved Text: When my kids were much younger, they would talk about how they wanted to go to visit Disney World. I had them close their eyes and imagine packing for our trip, going to the airport, getting bumped up to first class, getting all the cookies and drinks they want on the plane, seeing Mickey greet them. You get the idea. Their faces would relax and light up as they imagined this amazing trip. I asked them how it feels. They would sigh and smile and assure me it was an amazing feeling. It’s that “feeling” of getting what we want as though we already have it that keeps our attention focused on what we want. Those good “feelings” are actually neural representations in our brain. To get what you want now, you must create positive neural representations that are the signals that you already have what you want. You have to imagine it with good feelings.
Create new neural representations to remind you of “what you want now”. This is where you are driving to. What do you see, hear and feel when you get where you are going and get what you want now?
This is to remind you to keep your attention on where you are going and how you will look, how good you will feel and what you will hear when you get there.
Remember, you have a destination in mind for your life and business. You have to “drive”, take action to get from where you are to where you are going. You can

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.857082
Retrieved Text: Where do they come from? Where are they all going? Do they know they are on a closed course? Why do they not seem to notice 8 racing karts among them? Why do they only honk when collision is imminent? Why are there so many school buses?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.8557005
Retrieved Text: As a parent, you want to make sure you do everything in your power to make sure that you children grow up to be happy and healthy adults. One of the things you are going to want to be sure you do for your children is give them a quality education that sets them up for success in their life. However; there are many things that can get in the way of giving them the education they deserve. Many teenagers fall victim to bad habits such as drugs and alcohol when they are in high school. One of the main reasons that your child may start to pick up these bad habits is because of the company they keep. If you want to make sure that your children do not end up falling into the wrong crowd, you are going to want to find a good phone monitoring app.
There are a lot of reasons why you will want your child to have a cell phone. If they are ever in trouble, they are going to be able to use it to contact you no matter where they are. They are going to be using the cell phone you give them to communicate with their friends as well. You are going to want to have a phone monitoring app if you do not want them to use their cell phone to start hanging out with the wrong people. Read more great facts on spy on text messages from another phone, click here.
When you have a phone monitoring

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.840685
Retrieved Text: Welcome to our website where you will find the best coloring pages. Besides, you can find your favourite cartoon characters and worksheets for learning.
They are three girls but they are mermaids, too. Maybe, you know another one mermaid who is a Disney Princess, but today we are going to color this little ones. They have got different hairstyles, so...Which do you prefer?. If you need some help, you can call your best friend for coloring and enjoying.
Just a pair of giraffes which are together, why? because they are in love and they donÂ´t want to spend any time alone. So, you can color them with the same or different colors. After that, you can give this drawing to that special person which is on your mind.
ItÂ´s a sunny day because the sun is up, in the sky. So we know that itÂ´s spring time where the flowers has got many colors and where we can go out without umbrella. So, we can color this sun and this drawing with many colors, too.
We have to eat a lot of fruits because they are healthy. So, today we are going to color this one and you can choose the color because you know that we can find green or red apples. Before thinking it, you can print this coloring page.
When the autumn arrives it gives us beautiful moments and objects in nature. One of the most important are the fallen leaves. They are green but when they are on the ground, they are brown because this painter is

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.817404
Retrieved Text: Everyday you hear about accidents involving pedestrians. The reason is because people are often careless about where they’re walking. They’re not mindful of their surroundings, they think that cars are always going to stop to give them the right of way, and some people just plain think they’re invincible. But people aren’t invincible and that’s why all pedestrians need to be cautious in traffic. That means looking both ways before you cross the street, never assuming someone is going to give you the right of way, and always taking the proper precautions so that every driver on the road sees you and knows you’re there. As long as you do these things, you will be able to go about your business without being involved in a traffic accident that you may not survive.
Cars are very useful for getting us where we need to go, but they’re also two thousand plus pound machines. A person wouldn’t stand a chance if they were hit by one of these cars. Every person should know and realize this. Yet it never fails; there’s always that person who rushes across the street without a care as cars honk and swerve to avoid hitting him. Most of the time these people are just in a hurry and they never consider that they could be hit by a car. Everyone thinks that a traffic accident is going to happen to someone else. But if you don’t watch where you’re going, you are going to be the subject of the next early morning news

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.816784
Retrieved Text: These services are costly — they require a time, energy, and monetary commitment.
For that reason, all of our advanced service offerings require a discovery conversation to understand your specific situation and the scope of the project.
Start at the beginning. It will be worth it.
A lot of businesses start without a business model and find themselves lost. Don’t let it happen to you.
What is the story your brand is telling? Are you the hero of that story? Or should your customer be the hero?
Above and beyond the normal. Not for the faint of heart.
Unflattering news happens. Our experienced PR Emergency Management Team (EMT) can cauterize the deepest brand wound.
Social media can get out of hand. Our Unicorn service engages thoughtfully and deescalates quickly.
Who are the key influencers in your market? What would it take to get them to be your brand champion?
Most people aim to reach people where they are. Predictive Marketing aims to reach where they’re going to be.
These workshops exist to help your team see the forest when you’re stuck in the trees.
What’s going well? What’s going wrong? What is going to keep your business from failing?
Acknowledge where you are. Dream where you want to go. Understand how to get there.
Solve problems. Test ideas. The Sprint model uses data, analysis, and real-world testing to vet ideas.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.81006
Retrieved Text: In this lesson, students practise in listening for gist, specific information and details in the context of relationships.
To provide students with practice in listening for gist, specific information and details in the context of relationships.
To provide students with practice in speaking.
Lead-in: T explains that they are going to continue talking about the relationships and asks "What do you remember about Ray and Claire?" pointing out the picture of the couple that they saw in the previous lesson. T gives the instruction: "In pairs, tell each other about the couple. You have 2 minutes." T asks ICQs; * Now, what are you going to do? * Are you going to do it on your own/individually or with your pair? (pair) * How many minutes do you have? (2 minutes) T first wants the volunteers to give the answers, and then makes other Ss do it so. * What do you remember about Ray and Claire? Ss give the answers as far as they remember.
Listening for gist: T: "We are going to listen to a text. While listening, focus on just one question: What do they are talking about?" (T shows the question via PPt.) T asks ICQ * Why are you going to listen to the text? (to answer the question) * Which question? (What do they are talking about?) When the Ss are ready, T plays the audio once. T: "In pairs, compare your answers in one minute." and then T gets answers.
Listening for specific information: T distributes the handouts of ex.6a. T: "You have one

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.801265
Retrieved Text: A. 1. They are talking about what they like (e.g. Movies) and general information about themselves.
2. They give their name, age, where they are from, and what they like to do.
3. Going to the cinema, telephoning with their friends, playing sports.
4. A few people like going to the cinema, and a few like playing sports.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.797908
Retrieved Text: I believe that regular people are endlessly interesting when they open up and show me who they are, where they are at, what they’ve overcome, when they’ve failed, what they regret and where the heck they are going. That is why I am launching the Get A Grip On Life Podcast, to give regular people voice. People should be free to be who they are by owning their past and shaping their future. This is the show where we talk about it.

================



======= Instance Index 10306 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: He also details the location of it . Nothing to it then , we proceed to the massive undead army and wait them to attack our defenses before sending in Karas , our best stealther , to steal the phylactery from the commander 's tent . It all goes well until the commander enters and Karas panics , throwing down his Globe of Darkness spell and running for it . The only problem being that the commander is level 17 elite , and catches up to him , hitting him on the back .
Question: What are we doing ?
Options: 
- We 're playing a video game .
 - We 're in a war with the undead in real life .
 - We 're fighting the undead army in real life .
 - We 're in danger in real life .

Target Text: We 're playing a video game .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.812297
Retrieved Text: When you have no track of time or space it means you are in the present moment.
Try to recall a time when you were doing something and all of your attention was only in the activity you were doing, a time when you suddenly realized time has just passed by and you didn’t notice, it could have been minutes or hours, but you were so immerse in the activity, that you did not let other thoughts get into your mind, you were so busy paying attention to what you were doing that you practically did not have any other thought.
This can happen to to people which meditate; meditators can just be in the meditation with no thoughts in their minds, where there is no need to be aware of time or space.
Those times are a perfect example of what it is to be living in the present moment, in those moments you are celebrating life; not denying life.
But we are all immerse in daily life activities, where we can’t be doing those activities we love, that help us be present, we have to do our shores, that maybe we don’t like that much, or do tasks that others gave to us to do. But those are also great opportunities to be aware of what we are doing, because it is on those times when our attention flies away from what you are doing.
So if we are able to realize it, and you start to pay attention to the activity itself (even though we don’t love doing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.791061
Retrieved Text: Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a term brought about by our digital age. It’s the feeling we have when we’re unable to attend a social engagement – a barbecue for example – because we’ve already accepted an invitation – say to the cinema – by other friends. In reality, we want to do them both for fear of missing something.
But the question is, why has FOMO become such a thing?
It might be useful to stop and ask ourselves next time we feel it, what is it we are actually feeling and what has triggered us to feel it?
Social media can intensify our FOMO. In our digital age, most of us have a smartphone or tablet nearby and check them often. Whilst we are busy doing one thing, we may check into a social media account and see others engaging in something else. Part of us may wish we could be doing that too or even instead of what we are currently doing.
FOMO can affect us in many ways. It can invoke feelings of envy…. we want to be doing what others are doing, or wish we could be involved in the alternative activity in case it may be ‘better’ than what we are currently doing… that our life is less interesting, or enjoyable or worthwhile somehow.
FOMO can minimise the enjoymènt we are currently experiencing by distracting us from the good time we are already having and evoking feelings of discontent and unease instead.
The main antidote for FOMO is to practice being fully attentive to what

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.774173
Retrieved Text: What is mindfulness and how can I be more mindful?
Mindfulness is being in the present. Mindfulness can bring us greater awareness as we purposely focus on what we are doing in a non-judgemental way. When we pay attention to where we are and what we are doing, we become less reactive to what is going on around us.
Mindfulness is something we can all do and the more we practice, the easier it gets.
How can I be more mindful?
Most of us go about our day without paying attention to some of the things we are doing. We’re often doing a few things at once (folding clothes while watching TV and keeping an eye on the kids) and we may go on ‘auto-pilot’ as our mind wanders.
By being more mindful, we are paying attention to what we are doing. When we are mindful, we focus on our senses – what can we see, touch, smell, taste and hear in the moment?
You don’t have to stop what you’re doing to try mindfulness. Instead, you can work it into a daily routine. Try it when you are washing the dishes, going for a walk or waiting for the train.
Pay attention to your senses – what can you see, smell, taste, touch or hear?
If your mind wanders, gently bring it back to the present moment.
When you first start practising mindfulness, it may be difficult. It can be hard to fully focus on what you’re doing and not get distracted. It is also common for your thoughts to wander. You can start

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.743109
Retrieved Text: Purple Intellect is data center solutions company. which provide the hosting services to the customer worldwide.
We believe long run business relationships thus before we have a tendency to deliver an data cenetr solutions to you, weâ€™d like to meet you, perceive your motivations and after all get to understand your business. After all, the higher we have a tendency to perceive what you are doing, however you are doing what you are doing and why you are doing what you are doing the higher the answer we will give the additional services to succeed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.705365
Retrieved Text: Home General Career You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
We all work very hard in our lives to achieve our goals. And in this haste to reach our goal we forget to ask ourselves the important question of whether we actually love what we are doing?
We think only hard work in what we do is sufficient to succeed, but without the right amount of love and passion we cannot be the best, we can only be mediocre. There is also the added effect of emotional insufficiency that we feel when we are doing something we don’t love. But don’t panic, here I give you some simple tips you can try when you are feeling as if you’re not doing what you love.
Take what you’re doing on a daily basis rather than taking up more than you can handle. This not only helps relax better but also gives you a clearer understanding of the work thereby enhancing the understanding of your work.
This trick is quite effective because passion only comes with understanding and knowledge; after you understand your work and its affects better, you are sure to love it. Passion and love for work cannot be created in an instant; they grow over time with gaining more knowledge one day at a time.
We mainly grow to dislike or be disappointed in our work when we fail to achieve success in it. But you need to understand that success has a very fickle meaning and it cannot be achieved in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.660827
Retrieved Text: The idea of building margin into our lives and ministry involves developing boundaries that limit how we will utilize our time. The idea of building margin into your life is to remove the unnecessary so that you can focus on the most important things. It is not only focusing on doing things right but making sure you are doing the right things. We are often completely focused on our “to-do” lists, but we should also consider making a “stop-doing” list. What do you need to stop doing so that you can focus on what you should be doing?
Worship – This is how we stay centered! – Loving God more!
Small Groups – This is how we stay connected! – Loving people more!
Outreach – This is how we stay concerned! – Loving more people!
Follow Jesus – If you are too busy for daily Bible study and prayer you are too busy. What do you need to place on your “stop doing” list so that you build margin into your schedule for your quiet time with God?
Help others Follow Jesus – Are you spending time sharing your faith? How do we build margin into our lives so that we are intentionally building relationships with the unchurched and those far from God?
In Good to Great, Jim Collins says, “The point of this entire book is not that we should ‘add’ these findings to what we are already doing and make ourselves even more overworked. No, the point is to realize that much of what we’re doing is at best a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.642426
Retrieved Text: What ‘ingredients’ make a good lesson?
When teachers feel positive about us and what we can achieve.
Where we get a sense of achievement.
Where we can talk our ideas through.
Where we can feel safe to try things out and get them wrong.
Where we get a variety of things to do.
Where we do most of the work – rather than the teacher talking all the time.
When we know what we should be doing and it links up to what we should be learning.
So, when giving a task, students should know what they are doing it for, what skills they will acquire, what are the objectives and outcomes. E.g. by doing the task: “identify at least 2 strengths in our essay and to make up at least 2 improvements that need to be made”, the students should know that they experience personal growth, development, independence. By doing the task: “interpret the text using a table”, they acquiring new skills of reconstructing wording into tables. By doing the task of exploring the arguments for and against, the students explore attitudes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.636076
Retrieved Text: All is great.... with compliments to Mrs. Porter Stacey, she is very friendly and give us quick answers for all our questions. – What one thing should we be doing better?
Have an open credit with long term partners. – What one thing should we be doing better?
all is great :) – What one thing should we be doing better?
Despite all our previous helpful tips once again you did not send us our free sweets. Mind you it was a direct delivery so maybe you sent them there! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Please check that the beacons are working prior to dispatch as I have returned both as they do not work. – What one thing should we be doing better?
We appreciate very much of your product quality and technical advice as well as your services provided in years! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Send packets of sweets with every order [like the Germans do]. Extra discount for loyal customers like Hedley & Ellis – What one thing should we be doing better?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.612746
Retrieved Text: Parking is available at the Oberlin Inn lot with overflow going to street parking.
The VibrantNEO process uses public workshops to look at the future of our Northeast Ohio. What will it look like in 2040 if we keep doing what we’re doing? What are the potential outcomes if we do things differently? To answer these questions, we need to understand our values and priorities.
This first round of VibrantNEO public workshops revolves around a scenario called “BusinessAsUsual.” It outlines what Northeast Ohio’s future will look like if we keep doing what we are currently doing. We need your help to define what we value and what’s most important to this region as we start to create a vision for Northeast Ohio’s future. We Can Only Answer These Questions Together!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.60861
Retrieved Text: We are often tired and imbalanced not because we are doing too much, but because we are doing too little of what is real and meaningful.
Our feelings determine what we value, what is important and meaningful for us to feel happy, fulfilled and successful in our lives.
What am I willing to do to feel the way I want to feel?
What am I willing to stop doing to feel the way I want to feel?
What is my first step towards fulfillment?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.604343
Retrieved Text: There are times when I still feel like I just don't know what the hell I'm doing as a parent.
I think if you ask around, most parents feel that way.
You're tired, you're stressed, you're experiencing things you've never had to handle before.
But you are an amazingly intelligent and caring woman. Remember that, and know you're doing fine.
From what I understand, that feeling doesn't go away, even when they are 67.
She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't.
You're doing fine. Hugs to you.
Hell, my oldest is 14 and I STILL feel that way. Especially with the oldest -- every new stage is... well... new. So you are in good company. The first child is always a trial and error proposition. Trust me, by the time you get to the 2nd child, you're MUCH more confident in what the heck you are doing!
Amen! Just ask away; we're here to share.
And, by the way: you are doing superfine!!
Don't we all, hon. Don't we all. I feel it everyday.
I have to echo what dabhug said above: "She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't. You're doing fine."
Hmm, and poor Misha is all of what - 6 months? When she is 22, if you are not still asking yourself this question, I will be shocked.
We are all the best parents we can be, and our kids, amazingly, love and survive us the best way they can. You are a strong, clever, loving, thoughtful person in a solid partnership. You are a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.553171
Retrieved Text: When we review client’s websites we often see a healthy amount of traffic but very few leads.
These days everyone seems to have a blog. Kids are doing it, businesses are doing it, celebrities are doing it, even tired Mums are doing it.
How is your website perform right now? If it’s doing well then carry on doing what you are doing, that’s great.
Testimonials are like gold dust in business and so powerful if used to their full potential.
They provide proof that your business is being endorsed by a third party.
What am I talking about? LinkedIn of course!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.548786
Retrieved Text: What Do Your Customers Really Value? Really Dislike?
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you love us more?" This seems odd, but it's much easier to stop doing something than to start doing something new.
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you leave us forever?" Again, what should we never stop doing, rather than what more should we do for you?
"What would you tell your best friend about us?" This teaches you something about how you are positioned in the world.
Often, we're too close to our own products and services, and so might not see our strengths and weaknesses from the vantage point that really matters -- the perspective of our customers.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.543714
Retrieved Text: Home » Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
Series: Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
This entry is part 1 of 2 in the series Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
The reasons for moving to, or visiting Costa Rica are diverse. In my time here I have been asked the question “why did you move to Costa Rica?” so many times I’ve lost count.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.53937
Retrieved Text: There is a reason – for everything in life.
A reason for why we are where we are at right now. For why we do, what we do right now. For why we are with the people we are surrounded by right now.
We do get lost at times … in other people’s opinions on what we should be doing, where we should be, what we should want, who we should be with … confusing their opinion for our own. And get stressed about feeling stuck in a situation we should not be in.
Yet, when we focus on being where we are, with who we are, doing what we are doing, in this very moment, without diverting our focus by waiting for xyz to happen in the future, the reason will reveal to us.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.539106
Retrieved Text: Turning up and doing what we do is the beginning of everything that turns out to matter.
If we turn up doing the things we do best, maybe something wonderful will ensue.
I understand what Mogi is getting at. The people who made these bowls couldn’t point to them and say, I knew what I was doing when I made that.” People are still trying to replicate the results. But these crafts-people turned up every day doing what they do best.
Turning up and doing our work provides us with calluses, the possibility of doing finer work more deeply, opening us to the complex and perplexing – the latter being the challenge in life we must respond to.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.498123
Retrieved Text: Which benefits of time management are you hoping to achieve? To save some time by consolidating activities? To eliminate typical “time wasters”? To feel more in control and that you’re doing more of the activities that matter?
All of these are valuable but arguably the real benefits come when we think laterally about what time management means. Here are two things to consider when evaluating the benefits of time management. Firstly, consider a counter-intuitive thought.
Try defining success in qualitative rather than quantitative terms.
It may be that broad, subjective benefits are ultimately of greater benefit than the narrow specifics we normally associate with time management theory.
Secondly, begin any activity or project with the end in mind.
If you’re going to put the time and effort into an activity, ask yourself, is it really what I want to do? If the benefit of time management is the quality of life we get from the time we invest, begin any task with the end in mind.
The meaningful life (significance – using personal strengths to serve some larger end).
A corporate executive, on holiday in a small, Greek sea-coast village, was strolling by the docks and taking in the local colour. He complimented one fisherman on the quality of his catch.
“How long did it take you to get all those fish?” he asked.
What are we doing? – are we doing something that’s worth doing, however that may be defined?
Why are we doing it? – what is our ultimate goal or reward?
Who are we doing it for? – for ourselves, families, others?
Try thinking again

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.489588
Retrieved Text: Join us to hear this business everything that we consider doing for you. I love the set working fun at the Osuna city provide you everything that you may need. We do that no one else was able to help you like we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know we’re the best of what we do and approve it to you as well to join us today to see exactly how you can find the best rates on Columbia Missouri mortgages here with us. We know that we are the best but we did we want you to note as well so join us today discover exactly what else it is that we can start doing for you and how so we can to help you for services. We know that no one else can get you what we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what all it is that we can start doing for your house so we can start helping you here at this business.
This company has made everything so we can to help you with love to get you each and every one of them to join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know that no matter what it may be we can get you to we want to be so join us today to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.487245
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Trollhunters (2016) - S01E23 Animation!
What are you wearing? I thought we were playing.
I thought you said you were gonna take me home.
- What are you...? - Bingo!
What do you say, Nana?
Bridal bingo? How do you play bridal bingo?
I thought that's what you were doing.
What are you doing out of costume?
I thought you were dead! Or hurt!
What? Wha... I thought you were gonna handle this. What are you doing?
I do enjoy playing bingo.
- What are you doing? -I will returning!
What are you doing home? I thought you'd be over at Ryan's house.
I thought you were out.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.485896
Retrieved Text: Join say something because they doing for you. Revert of many kinds in the past we know that we can help you soonest today so join us I discovered considering for you. We know where the best of the best so we would love to start helping you for everything that you may need. Overt of many kinds and the passing of that we can help you find best CPA in Tulsa services here fast because they are here. We know exactly what were doing to join us it is exactly what us Wiccans are doing for your house we consider providing our services these we know that we can get you exactly 2 you want to be if all of your money handling problems to join us and discover exactly what we can start doing for you and how we can set providing the services that you can only find here, because we know you can find best CPA in Tulsa. You are what said pseudo-swings are doing for you and how so we can to help you.
You may want to know what a CPA is a know how and why you need one. We can help you set your business. As he pays a professional to complete at least 150 semester hours of college education is passed a 16 hour, four-part exam to obtain a license in order to serve their services to the public. We know that I had the CPAs network of us are the best of the best to join us

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.484105
Retrieved Text: – You have unrealistic expectations of yourself and need a reality check.
We talked about the first point last Monday.
The first thing to point out is that not doing what you should be doing can also be very much connected to having unrealistic expectations of yourself. Very often we are not focusing on what is right in front of us because we believe we can and should be doing absolutely everything else as well.
In Monday’s post we talked about how we start with ourselves and work outwards from there, in a sort of hierarchy of care, to determine what we should be doing, and where our attention should be going. Once those things are taken care of, then we can assess to what extent we can get involved in “extras” – those good things – committees, volunteering, dog-sitting, you name it – without being taken away from our core commitments to ourselves and those who actually deserve our time and energy.
I touched on the fact that when you are doing what you should be doing, and you are doing it well, with attention and dedication, you can rest easy, knowing that you have done exactly what you should, to the best of your ability. This can free up room for enjoyment, as the taking care of any obligation should.
However, sometimes we have unrealistic views of our goals and capacities, and very often we are pressured by the perceived opinions of others.
1) Take stock of your personality and temperament. Are you energised by being around people, or do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.479305
Retrieved Text: Why do you want to step inside the gym? Why you are starting this journey? What motivates you?
Many people enter into the gym and starts looking at everyone what he is doing or she is doing. The serious person who knows why he enters the gym, don’t look around the people what everyone is doing. There are only few people in the gym who are improving themselves that time, when other people are looking around everyone.
Trust me on this we sacrifice the moment, our focus as we starts looking around everyone in the gym what everyone is doing. Many of the lifters are more focused about how everyone is different from them.
So remember one thing when you enter the gym, don’t look around what everyone is doing. Think about what you are doing. Shut your eyes and start lifting the weights, if it is 20kg or 100kg it doesn’t matter.
What really matter is how you are improving yourself. Listen hard metal music or whatever you want, avoid distraction, focus on yourself. Your emotions should be against the weights in gym which you are lifting that time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.476066
Retrieved Text: · What hours do you work?
· Are they the same or similar to the hours you worked at your previous job?
· Do you still work through lunch?
· Are you dressed and in your office by 8 am?
· Do you leave your office when it dark outside?
· How many sick days do you take?
Did you create yourself a job? Do you feel guilty if you are not busy? What was the reason you become an entrepreneur? If it was to do what you love keep reading. If it was to be in business (also known as busy-ness) keep doing what you are doing.
When you are ready to eliminate much of your daily tasks that are not important or even necessary come back and read more about how you can enjoy your life.
When you want to automate many of your tasks keep reading.
If you are ready to collaborate with others read on.
Have you noticed how happy you are when you are doing what you love? In my opinion that is the true meaning of being entrepreneur (doing what you are designed to do). We were all born with talents and when we are engaged in those activities we are happy. When we are doing other tasks they seem to take forever to complete and we feel exhausted.
Did you become an entrepreneur to o do what we enjoy doing? How long did it take to find out you don’t have a sales & marketing team, an accounting or product development department or customer service representatives or anyone to trouble

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.475198
Retrieved Text: Georgina Walsh Business Coaching » Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Blog > Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Do you find that whilst you are really, really busy doing a lot, you never quite getting round to the bigger projects or ideas that you know you need to do?
If so, you may not be bridging the ‘Knowing – Doing Gap’ (Pferrer & Sutton). You KNOW what you need to do, for example, re-design your website, get a new project underway, de-clutter your office, but you never seem to quite get round to the DOING.
….it is quite simply a lack of time, isn’t it? However, in looking at why people have difficulty in crossing this gap Pferrer and Sutton don’t identify time issues.
…maybe it’s a lack of knowledge or information? In the times we live in we are falling over knowledge and information on how to do things – but all the knowledge in the world is useless you put it into action and use.
… and maybe you feel you are doing it – but things just don’t seem to be moving forward in the way you would like. Often we can feel we are taking action, but in reality we are doing things such as, planning, discussing and making decisions – but these are not action!
So, what is it that stops us from making that leap from knowing to doing? In many instances it can be something within ourselves – either fear or a lack of confidence that is holding us back. We

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.469888
Retrieved Text: Join us here and today at this business you know we can start doing for you. Will that is that working for and with you soonest today and providing serves as a will be able to find anywhere else. We know exactly what were doing here with our Bixby braces and we know that we can help you as well to join us in a discover all the services that we can set providing for you. We can provide you services a you didn’t even know they may need but we know that will get you there so join us today to see exactly how we can help you and what else that we can say doing for you starting a sentence today.
We were given many clients in the past and we know if our Bixby orthodontist work with you in the future you can be successful and have the smile that you want to join us today to see exactly how we can set providing you everything that we have here because we love to start working for and with you as soon as today getting to where you want to be so join us to see and discover what they’re doing for you. You are website and read the reviews and the testimonials that are past clients of of saying exactly how much we have done for them and how we’ve helped them. We love for you to be a part of this as well as her join us today to discover what else

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.45439
Retrieved Text: In my last post, we talked about change and the power of evolution.
Today I’d love to share a technique I use which will help your business evolution go smoothly.
While many of us recognise the value of change, the problem we have is deciding where to start. One of the most frequent questions I am asked is, “How will I know what needs to be changed?
I use this model to answer that question.
Here’s a summary of the stages.
Stop – what we need to stop doing.
Start – what we need to start doing.
Continue – what we need to continue doing.
It’s so simple that it’s brilliant.
Let’s look at each stage.
What are we doing that doesn’t contribute positively to the bottom line?
What isn’t working in our organisation, or on our team, to help us grow and advance?
What practices create more problems than solutions?
The answers to these questions will become your list of actions your team will stop doing.
What are some things that we could begin doing to make things better?
What are some new measures that we could put into place to improve our results?
The answers to these questions will become the list of actions you want your team to begin taking.
What things are already working well in our organisation and on our team which make it easier to accomplish our goals?
What procedures already work well and should be continued?
The answers to these questions become the list of things your organisation is already doing right and your team wants to continue!
As a HR leader, team leader or learning and development specialist,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.452712
Retrieved Text: To hear this business everything that we can start doing for you. We love to start working for and with you as soon as today to join us today to discover everything else that we consider doing for you and how is that we can help you. We know you’re the best option for you to join us today to see exactly how you can get drum lessons Rockledge with us. We know that you won’t be a wood if anyone else like us to join us today to see what else we can say doing in-house that we can to help you here this business.
We know that we can get you everything that we can start doing free in house so we consider helping you all of the services that we have here this company. We can get you everything that you mean my need from us to join us today to see exactly how we can help your child get the lessons they want and deserve. We want to be sure that they have a great instructor. Join us today to see what else we can play during feed house so we can to help you hit this company.
Here this business withers made of and things that we can start doing for you. We believe so much in the power of our proven curriculum, and in a case that you may have doubts of our system, we went off even guarantee. If your child is a perform at the level we guaranteed after actively

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.449922
Retrieved Text: If you set a goal for yourself then it will take action to achieve it. Anything that you do that takes you closer to your goal is smart. Being intelligent is about what you do, not what you think.
That’s really what it’s all about. Doing the things that we know are smart. Doing what we say matters to us. If we know the smart thing to do and we don’t do it then that makes us stupid.
Too many of us are acting like we don’t know how to fix our problems or what we should be doing. We pretend that we’re ignorant and just keep doing things that aren’t good for us. Why?
One reason is that we don’t want to put in the work required.
In the video Jay talks about running a staffing company years ago and having to pawn his jewelry in order to make payroll because it was the right thing to do. People don’t want to make sacrifices to get to where they say they want to go.
Too many of us are being immature by doing what’s fun and easy instead of doing what’s hard and necessary.
The second reason we do stupid things is we prefer to pretend like we don’t actually know what the smart thing to do is. This helps us to rationalize why we don’t have or do the things we should.
We all know that the four word formula for losing weight is eat less, exercise more. It’s as simple as that but people will act like they can’t do

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.449398
Retrieved Text: Clients data is more relevant, their systems are more robust, and our ability to access some of that information, is more robust. Clients are able to close with our assistance, and make certain adjustments on a timely basis, so that instead of looking, for example at their first quarter numbers, three months, six months later when the next quarter, has already gone by, they can close within five days, seven days, they can have meaningful financial information, and accordingly we can discuss, what should we be doing real time live, as the period is existing, what changes do they need to make in the business. Do they need to spend more in certain areas, less in certain areas, and even get an idea, of what the competition is doing. I think what's very helpful to clients, is a lot of benchmarking information. So it's great to understand my company is doing x, but, is x good, is x, you know, how much better should it be? So are my gross profit margins for example, ahead of the industry, are they behind the industry. So benchmarking and taking that statistical data, graphing that information, showing it to them, in a way that they can appreciate it. Sometimes it's on a global basis, sometimes it's on a more granular basis. How they're doing in a local market, how they're doing in an international market, how they're doing in different states. Where are their sales coming from, where's their profitability coming from. It is amazing how many times we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.4160795
Retrieved Text: Are your revenue and profits where you want them to be? Learn why you may not be achieving your desired results.
Take our free Growth Assessment.
What Can You Expect with JDA’s Strategic Planning Process?
What must we do to ensure purpose, values and BHAG live?
What is your firm uniquely good at doing?
Who are the ideal customers we want to attract?
The Big Hairy Audacious Goal. Where is your North?
Where will we be and what will we measure?
What actions will be taken to hit the Targets?
What is our geography? Product/Business lines? Distribution channel?
How are you uniquely positioned in your market in a measurable way?
Where do we want to be in one year?
What is the number one thing everyone should be working on?
Leading and Lagging? How will we measure along the way?
What should we be focusing on to accelerate growth?
What processes should we focus on to increase profit?
What actions will be taken to hit the quarterly targets?
We will focus on building the leadership team at every session.
Prioritize one for each quarter.
Team members and client feedback loop (Net Promoter Score).
Functional accountability chart – review and define roles, structure, accountability.
Process accountability chart – review and define process accountability – company wide.
Any people challenges that we need address – conflict resolution.
Score carding, A, B, C scoring with a process for improvement.
P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow – team members assigned accountability.
Reducing cycle time to find more cash already in the business.
Do you know what it’s telling you?
Change one of the 7 financial levers by only 1%.
How are we and can we improve the process of

================



======= Instance Index 17201 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Who supports you . Who tells you - without even telling you - that it really is going to be okay . Despite my very REAL grief , I STILL felt like " Guy Who Is Not Supposed To Be Here " since it was a room full of sobbing , teary eyed people . You know the feeling .
Question: What are we doing ?
Options: 
- They are crying tears of joy .
 - We are attending a funeral .
 - They are not supportive of each other .
 - We are happy to meet together .

Target Text: We are attending a funeral .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.812297
Retrieved Text: When you have no track of time or space it means you are in the present moment.
Try to recall a time when you were doing something and all of your attention was only in the activity you were doing, a time when you suddenly realized time has just passed by and you didn’t notice, it could have been minutes or hours, but you were so immerse in the activity, that you did not let other thoughts get into your mind, you were so busy paying attention to what you were doing that you practically did not have any other thought.
This can happen to to people which meditate; meditators can just be in the meditation with no thoughts in their minds, where there is no need to be aware of time or space.
Those times are a perfect example of what it is to be living in the present moment, in those moments you are celebrating life; not denying life.
But we are all immerse in daily life activities, where we can’t be doing those activities we love, that help us be present, we have to do our shores, that maybe we don’t like that much, or do tasks that others gave to us to do. But those are also great opportunities to be aware of what we are doing, because it is on those times when our attention flies away from what you are doing.
So if we are able to realize it, and you start to pay attention to the activity itself (even though we don’t love doing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.791061
Retrieved Text: Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a term brought about by our digital age. It’s the feeling we have when we’re unable to attend a social engagement – a barbecue for example – because we’ve already accepted an invitation – say to the cinema – by other friends. In reality, we want to do them both for fear of missing something.
But the question is, why has FOMO become such a thing?
It might be useful to stop and ask ourselves next time we feel it, what is it we are actually feeling and what has triggered us to feel it?
Social media can intensify our FOMO. In our digital age, most of us have a smartphone or tablet nearby and check them often. Whilst we are busy doing one thing, we may check into a social media account and see others engaging in something else. Part of us may wish we could be doing that too or even instead of what we are currently doing.
FOMO can affect us in many ways. It can invoke feelings of envy…. we want to be doing what others are doing, or wish we could be involved in the alternative activity in case it may be ‘better’ than what we are currently doing… that our life is less interesting, or enjoyable or worthwhile somehow.
FOMO can minimise the enjoymènt we are currently experiencing by distracting us from the good time we are already having and evoking feelings of discontent and unease instead.
The main antidote for FOMO is to practice being fully attentive to what

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.774173
Retrieved Text: What is mindfulness and how can I be more mindful?
Mindfulness is being in the present. Mindfulness can bring us greater awareness as we purposely focus on what we are doing in a non-judgemental way. When we pay attention to where we are and what we are doing, we become less reactive to what is going on around us.
Mindfulness is something we can all do and the more we practice, the easier it gets.
How can I be more mindful?
Most of us go about our day without paying attention to some of the things we are doing. We’re often doing a few things at once (folding clothes while watching TV and keeping an eye on the kids) and we may go on ‘auto-pilot’ as our mind wanders.
By being more mindful, we are paying attention to what we are doing. When we are mindful, we focus on our senses – what can we see, touch, smell, taste and hear in the moment?
You don’t have to stop what you’re doing to try mindfulness. Instead, you can work it into a daily routine. Try it when you are washing the dishes, going for a walk or waiting for the train.
Pay attention to your senses – what can you see, smell, taste, touch or hear?
If your mind wanders, gently bring it back to the present moment.
When you first start practising mindfulness, it may be difficult. It can be hard to fully focus on what you’re doing and not get distracted. It is also common for your thoughts to wander. You can start

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.743109
Retrieved Text: Purple Intellect is data center solutions company. which provide the hosting services to the customer worldwide.
We believe long run business relationships thus before we have a tendency to deliver an data cenetr solutions to you, weâ€™d like to meet you, perceive your motivations and after all get to understand your business. After all, the higher we have a tendency to perceive what you are doing, however you are doing what you are doing and why you are doing what you are doing the higher the answer we will give the additional services to succeed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.705365
Retrieved Text: Home General Career You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
We all work very hard in our lives to achieve our goals. And in this haste to reach our goal we forget to ask ourselves the important question of whether we actually love what we are doing?
We think only hard work in what we do is sufficient to succeed, but without the right amount of love and passion we cannot be the best, we can only be mediocre. There is also the added effect of emotional insufficiency that we feel when we are doing something we don’t love. But don’t panic, here I give you some simple tips you can try when you are feeling as if you’re not doing what you love.
Take what you’re doing on a daily basis rather than taking up more than you can handle. This not only helps relax better but also gives you a clearer understanding of the work thereby enhancing the understanding of your work.
This trick is quite effective because passion only comes with understanding and knowledge; after you understand your work and its affects better, you are sure to love it. Passion and love for work cannot be created in an instant; they grow over time with gaining more knowledge one day at a time.
We mainly grow to dislike or be disappointed in our work when we fail to achieve success in it. But you need to understand that success has a very fickle meaning and it cannot be achieved in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.660827
Retrieved Text: The idea of building margin into our lives and ministry involves developing boundaries that limit how we will utilize our time. The idea of building margin into your life is to remove the unnecessary so that you can focus on the most important things. It is not only focusing on doing things right but making sure you are doing the right things. We are often completely focused on our “to-do” lists, but we should also consider making a “stop-doing” list. What do you need to stop doing so that you can focus on what you should be doing?
Worship – This is how we stay centered! – Loving God more!
Small Groups – This is how we stay connected! – Loving people more!
Outreach – This is how we stay concerned! – Loving more people!
Follow Jesus – If you are too busy for daily Bible study and prayer you are too busy. What do you need to place on your “stop doing” list so that you build margin into your schedule for your quiet time with God?
Help others Follow Jesus – Are you spending time sharing your faith? How do we build margin into our lives so that we are intentionally building relationships with the unchurched and those far from God?
In Good to Great, Jim Collins says, “The point of this entire book is not that we should ‘add’ these findings to what we are already doing and make ourselves even more overworked. No, the point is to realize that much of what we’re doing is at best a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.642426
Retrieved Text: What ‘ingredients’ make a good lesson?
When teachers feel positive about us and what we can achieve.
Where we get a sense of achievement.
Where we can talk our ideas through.
Where we can feel safe to try things out and get them wrong.
Where we get a variety of things to do.
Where we do most of the work – rather than the teacher talking all the time.
When we know what we should be doing and it links up to what we should be learning.
So, when giving a task, students should know what they are doing it for, what skills they will acquire, what are the objectives and outcomes. E.g. by doing the task: “identify at least 2 strengths in our essay and to make up at least 2 improvements that need to be made”, the students should know that they experience personal growth, development, independence. By doing the task: “interpret the text using a table”, they acquiring new skills of reconstructing wording into tables. By doing the task of exploring the arguments for and against, the students explore attitudes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.636076
Retrieved Text: All is great.... with compliments to Mrs. Porter Stacey, she is very friendly and give us quick answers for all our questions. – What one thing should we be doing better?
Have an open credit with long term partners. – What one thing should we be doing better?
all is great :) – What one thing should we be doing better?
Despite all our previous helpful tips once again you did not send us our free sweets. Mind you it was a direct delivery so maybe you sent them there! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Please check that the beacons are working prior to dispatch as I have returned both as they do not work. – What one thing should we be doing better?
We appreciate very much of your product quality and technical advice as well as your services provided in years! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Send packets of sweets with every order [like the Germans do]. Extra discount for loyal customers like Hedley & Ellis – What one thing should we be doing better?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.612746
Retrieved Text: Parking is available at the Oberlin Inn lot with overflow going to street parking.
The VibrantNEO process uses public workshops to look at the future of our Northeast Ohio. What will it look like in 2040 if we keep doing what we’re doing? What are the potential outcomes if we do things differently? To answer these questions, we need to understand our values and priorities.
This first round of VibrantNEO public workshops revolves around a scenario called “BusinessAsUsual.” It outlines what Northeast Ohio’s future will look like if we keep doing what we are currently doing. We need your help to define what we value and what’s most important to this region as we start to create a vision for Northeast Ohio’s future. We Can Only Answer These Questions Together!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.60861
Retrieved Text: We are often tired and imbalanced not because we are doing too much, but because we are doing too little of what is real and meaningful.
Our feelings determine what we value, what is important and meaningful for us to feel happy, fulfilled and successful in our lives.
What am I willing to do to feel the way I want to feel?
What am I willing to stop doing to feel the way I want to feel?
What is my first step towards fulfillment?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.604343
Retrieved Text: There are times when I still feel like I just don't know what the hell I'm doing as a parent.
I think if you ask around, most parents feel that way.
You're tired, you're stressed, you're experiencing things you've never had to handle before.
But you are an amazingly intelligent and caring woman. Remember that, and know you're doing fine.
From what I understand, that feeling doesn't go away, even when they are 67.
She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't.
You're doing fine. Hugs to you.
Hell, my oldest is 14 and I STILL feel that way. Especially with the oldest -- every new stage is... well... new. So you are in good company. The first child is always a trial and error proposition. Trust me, by the time you get to the 2nd child, you're MUCH more confident in what the heck you are doing!
Amen! Just ask away; we're here to share.
And, by the way: you are doing superfine!!
Don't we all, hon. Don't we all. I feel it everyday.
I have to echo what dabhug said above: "She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't. You're doing fine."
Hmm, and poor Misha is all of what - 6 months? When she is 22, if you are not still asking yourself this question, I will be shocked.
We are all the best parents we can be, and our kids, amazingly, love and survive us the best way they can. You are a strong, clever, loving, thoughtful person in a solid partnership. You are a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.553171
Retrieved Text: When we review client’s websites we often see a healthy amount of traffic but very few leads.
These days everyone seems to have a blog. Kids are doing it, businesses are doing it, celebrities are doing it, even tired Mums are doing it.
How is your website perform right now? If it’s doing well then carry on doing what you are doing, that’s great.
Testimonials are like gold dust in business and so powerful if used to their full potential.
They provide proof that your business is being endorsed by a third party.
What am I talking about? LinkedIn of course!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.548786
Retrieved Text: What Do Your Customers Really Value? Really Dislike?
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you love us more?" This seems odd, but it's much easier to stop doing something than to start doing something new.
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you leave us forever?" Again, what should we never stop doing, rather than what more should we do for you?
"What would you tell your best friend about us?" This teaches you something about how you are positioned in the world.
Often, we're too close to our own products and services, and so might not see our strengths and weaknesses from the vantage point that really matters -- the perspective of our customers.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.543714
Retrieved Text: Home » Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
Series: Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
This entry is part 1 of 2 in the series Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
The reasons for moving to, or visiting Costa Rica are diverse. In my time here I have been asked the question “why did you move to Costa Rica?” so many times I’ve lost count.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.53937
Retrieved Text: There is a reason – for everything in life.
A reason for why we are where we are at right now. For why we do, what we do right now. For why we are with the people we are surrounded by right now.
We do get lost at times … in other people’s opinions on what we should be doing, where we should be, what we should want, who we should be with … confusing their opinion for our own. And get stressed about feeling stuck in a situation we should not be in.
Yet, when we focus on being where we are, with who we are, doing what we are doing, in this very moment, without diverting our focus by waiting for xyz to happen in the future, the reason will reveal to us.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.539106
Retrieved Text: Turning up and doing what we do is the beginning of everything that turns out to matter.
If we turn up doing the things we do best, maybe something wonderful will ensue.
I understand what Mogi is getting at. The people who made these bowls couldn’t point to them and say, I knew what I was doing when I made that.” People are still trying to replicate the results. But these crafts-people turned up every day doing what they do best.
Turning up and doing our work provides us with calluses, the possibility of doing finer work more deeply, opening us to the complex and perplexing – the latter being the challenge in life we must respond to.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.498123
Retrieved Text: Which benefits of time management are you hoping to achieve? To save some time by consolidating activities? To eliminate typical “time wasters”? To feel more in control and that you’re doing more of the activities that matter?
All of these are valuable but arguably the real benefits come when we think laterally about what time management means. Here are two things to consider when evaluating the benefits of time management. Firstly, consider a counter-intuitive thought.
Try defining success in qualitative rather than quantitative terms.
It may be that broad, subjective benefits are ultimately of greater benefit than the narrow specifics we normally associate with time management theory.
Secondly, begin any activity or project with the end in mind.
If you’re going to put the time and effort into an activity, ask yourself, is it really what I want to do? If the benefit of time management is the quality of life we get from the time we invest, begin any task with the end in mind.
The meaningful life (significance – using personal strengths to serve some larger end).
A corporate executive, on holiday in a small, Greek sea-coast village, was strolling by the docks and taking in the local colour. He complimented one fisherman on the quality of his catch.
“How long did it take you to get all those fish?” he asked.
What are we doing? – are we doing something that’s worth doing, however that may be defined?
Why are we doing it? – what is our ultimate goal or reward?
Who are we doing it for? – for ourselves, families, others?
Try thinking again

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.489588
Retrieved Text: Join us to hear this business everything that we consider doing for you. I love the set working fun at the Osuna city provide you everything that you may need. We do that no one else was able to help you like we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know we’re the best of what we do and approve it to you as well to join us today to see exactly how you can find the best rates on Columbia Missouri mortgages here with us. We know that we are the best but we did we want you to note as well so join us today discover exactly what else it is that we can start doing for you and how so we can to help you for services. We know that no one else can get you what we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what all it is that we can start doing for your house so we can start helping you here at this business.
This company has made everything so we can to help you with love to get you each and every one of them to join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know that no matter what it may be we can get you to we want to be so join us today to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.487245
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Trollhunters (2016) - S01E23 Animation!
What are you wearing? I thought we were playing.
I thought you said you were gonna take me home.
- What are you...? - Bingo!
What do you say, Nana?
Bridal bingo? How do you play bridal bingo?
I thought that's what you were doing.
What are you doing out of costume?
I thought you were dead! Or hurt!
What? Wha... I thought you were gonna handle this. What are you doing?
I do enjoy playing bingo.
- What are you doing? -I will returning!
What are you doing home? I thought you'd be over at Ryan's house.
I thought you were out.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.485896
Retrieved Text: Join say something because they doing for you. Revert of many kinds in the past we know that we can help you soonest today so join us I discovered considering for you. We know where the best of the best so we would love to start helping you for everything that you may need. Overt of many kinds and the passing of that we can help you find best CPA in Tulsa services here fast because they are here. We know exactly what were doing to join us it is exactly what us Wiccans are doing for your house we consider providing our services these we know that we can get you exactly 2 you want to be if all of your money handling problems to join us and discover exactly what we can start doing for you and how we can set providing the services that you can only find here, because we know you can find best CPA in Tulsa. You are what said pseudo-swings are doing for you and how so we can to help you.
You may want to know what a CPA is a know how and why you need one. We can help you set your business. As he pays a professional to complete at least 150 semester hours of college education is passed a 16 hour, four-part exam to obtain a license in order to serve their services to the public. We know that I had the CPAs network of us are the best of the best to join us

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.484105
Retrieved Text: – You have unrealistic expectations of yourself and need a reality check.
We talked about the first point last Monday.
The first thing to point out is that not doing what you should be doing can also be very much connected to having unrealistic expectations of yourself. Very often we are not focusing on what is right in front of us because we believe we can and should be doing absolutely everything else as well.
In Monday’s post we talked about how we start with ourselves and work outwards from there, in a sort of hierarchy of care, to determine what we should be doing, and where our attention should be going. Once those things are taken care of, then we can assess to what extent we can get involved in “extras” – those good things – committees, volunteering, dog-sitting, you name it – without being taken away from our core commitments to ourselves and those who actually deserve our time and energy.
I touched on the fact that when you are doing what you should be doing, and you are doing it well, with attention and dedication, you can rest easy, knowing that you have done exactly what you should, to the best of your ability. This can free up room for enjoyment, as the taking care of any obligation should.
However, sometimes we have unrealistic views of our goals and capacities, and very often we are pressured by the perceived opinions of others.
1) Take stock of your personality and temperament. Are you energised by being around people, or do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.479305
Retrieved Text: Why do you want to step inside the gym? Why you are starting this journey? What motivates you?
Many people enter into the gym and starts looking at everyone what he is doing or she is doing. The serious person who knows why he enters the gym, don’t look around the people what everyone is doing. There are only few people in the gym who are improving themselves that time, when other people are looking around everyone.
Trust me on this we sacrifice the moment, our focus as we starts looking around everyone in the gym what everyone is doing. Many of the lifters are more focused about how everyone is different from them.
So remember one thing when you enter the gym, don’t look around what everyone is doing. Think about what you are doing. Shut your eyes and start lifting the weights, if it is 20kg or 100kg it doesn’t matter.
What really matter is how you are improving yourself. Listen hard metal music or whatever you want, avoid distraction, focus on yourself. Your emotions should be against the weights in gym which you are lifting that time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.476066
Retrieved Text: · What hours do you work?
· Are they the same or similar to the hours you worked at your previous job?
· Do you still work through lunch?
· Are you dressed and in your office by 8 am?
· Do you leave your office when it dark outside?
· How many sick days do you take?
Did you create yourself a job? Do you feel guilty if you are not busy? What was the reason you become an entrepreneur? If it was to do what you love keep reading. If it was to be in business (also known as busy-ness) keep doing what you are doing.
When you are ready to eliminate much of your daily tasks that are not important or even necessary come back and read more about how you can enjoy your life.
When you want to automate many of your tasks keep reading.
If you are ready to collaborate with others read on.
Have you noticed how happy you are when you are doing what you love? In my opinion that is the true meaning of being entrepreneur (doing what you are designed to do). We were all born with talents and when we are engaged in those activities we are happy. When we are doing other tasks they seem to take forever to complete and we feel exhausted.
Did you become an entrepreneur to o do what we enjoy doing? How long did it take to find out you don’t have a sales & marketing team, an accounting or product development department or customer service representatives or anyone to trouble

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.475198
Retrieved Text: Georgina Walsh Business Coaching » Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Blog > Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Do you find that whilst you are really, really busy doing a lot, you never quite getting round to the bigger projects or ideas that you know you need to do?
If so, you may not be bridging the ‘Knowing – Doing Gap’ (Pferrer & Sutton). You KNOW what you need to do, for example, re-design your website, get a new project underway, de-clutter your office, but you never seem to quite get round to the DOING.
….it is quite simply a lack of time, isn’t it? However, in looking at why people have difficulty in crossing this gap Pferrer and Sutton don’t identify time issues.
…maybe it’s a lack of knowledge or information? In the times we live in we are falling over knowledge and information on how to do things – but all the knowledge in the world is useless you put it into action and use.
… and maybe you feel you are doing it – but things just don’t seem to be moving forward in the way you would like. Often we can feel we are taking action, but in reality we are doing things such as, planning, discussing and making decisions – but these are not action!
So, what is it that stops us from making that leap from knowing to doing? In many instances it can be something within ourselves – either fear or a lack of confidence that is holding us back. We

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.469888
Retrieved Text: Join us here and today at this business you know we can start doing for you. Will that is that working for and with you soonest today and providing serves as a will be able to find anywhere else. We know exactly what were doing here with our Bixby braces and we know that we can help you as well to join us in a discover all the services that we can set providing for you. We can provide you services a you didn’t even know they may need but we know that will get you there so join us today to see exactly how we can help you and what else that we can say doing for you starting a sentence today.
We were given many clients in the past and we know if our Bixby orthodontist work with you in the future you can be successful and have the smile that you want to join us today to see exactly how we can set providing you everything that we have here because we love to start working for and with you as soon as today getting to where you want to be so join us to see and discover what they’re doing for you. You are website and read the reviews and the testimonials that are past clients of of saying exactly how much we have done for them and how we’ve helped them. We love for you to be a part of this as well as her join us today to discover what else

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.45439
Retrieved Text: In my last post, we talked about change and the power of evolution.
Today I’d love to share a technique I use which will help your business evolution go smoothly.
While many of us recognise the value of change, the problem we have is deciding where to start. One of the most frequent questions I am asked is, “How will I know what needs to be changed?
I use this model to answer that question.
Here’s a summary of the stages.
Stop – what we need to stop doing.
Start – what we need to start doing.
Continue – what we need to continue doing.
It’s so simple that it’s brilliant.
Let’s look at each stage.
What are we doing that doesn’t contribute positively to the bottom line?
What isn’t working in our organisation, or on our team, to help us grow and advance?
What practices create more problems than solutions?
The answers to these questions will become your list of actions your team will stop doing.
What are some things that we could begin doing to make things better?
What are some new measures that we could put into place to improve our results?
The answers to these questions will become the list of actions you want your team to begin taking.
What things are already working well in our organisation and on our team which make it easier to accomplish our goals?
What procedures already work well and should be continued?
The answers to these questions become the list of things your organisation is already doing right and your team wants to continue!
As a HR leader, team leader or learning and development specialist,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.452712
Retrieved Text: To hear this business everything that we can start doing for you. We love to start working for and with you as soon as today to join us today to discover everything else that we consider doing for you and how is that we can help you. We know you’re the best option for you to join us today to see exactly how you can get drum lessons Rockledge with us. We know that you won’t be a wood if anyone else like us to join us today to see what else we can say doing in-house that we can to help you here this business.
We know that we can get you everything that we can start doing free in house so we consider helping you all of the services that we have here this company. We can get you everything that you mean my need from us to join us today to see exactly how we can help your child get the lessons they want and deserve. We want to be sure that they have a great instructor. Join us today to see what else we can play during feed house so we can to help you hit this company.
Here this business withers made of and things that we can start doing for you. We believe so much in the power of our proven curriculum, and in a case that you may have doubts of our system, we went off even guarantee. If your child is a perform at the level we guaranteed after actively

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.449922
Retrieved Text: If you set a goal for yourself then it will take action to achieve it. Anything that you do that takes you closer to your goal is smart. Being intelligent is about what you do, not what you think.
That’s really what it’s all about. Doing the things that we know are smart. Doing what we say matters to us. If we know the smart thing to do and we don’t do it then that makes us stupid.
Too many of us are acting like we don’t know how to fix our problems or what we should be doing. We pretend that we’re ignorant and just keep doing things that aren’t good for us. Why?
One reason is that we don’t want to put in the work required.
In the video Jay talks about running a staffing company years ago and having to pawn his jewelry in order to make payroll because it was the right thing to do. People don’t want to make sacrifices to get to where they say they want to go.
Too many of us are being immature by doing what’s fun and easy instead of doing what’s hard and necessary.
The second reason we do stupid things is we prefer to pretend like we don’t actually know what the smart thing to do is. This helps us to rationalize why we don’t have or do the things we should.
We all know that the four word formula for losing weight is eat less, exercise more. It’s as simple as that but people will act like they can’t do

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.449398
Retrieved Text: Clients data is more relevant, their systems are more robust, and our ability to access some of that information, is more robust. Clients are able to close with our assistance, and make certain adjustments on a timely basis, so that instead of looking, for example at their first quarter numbers, three months, six months later when the next quarter, has already gone by, they can close within five days, seven days, they can have meaningful financial information, and accordingly we can discuss, what should we be doing real time live, as the period is existing, what changes do they need to make in the business. Do they need to spend more in certain areas, less in certain areas, and even get an idea, of what the competition is doing. I think what's very helpful to clients, is a lot of benchmarking information. So it's great to understand my company is doing x, but, is x good, is x, you know, how much better should it be? So are my gross profit margins for example, ahead of the industry, are they behind the industry. So benchmarking and taking that statistical data, graphing that information, showing it to them, in a way that they can appreciate it. Sometimes it's on a global basis, sometimes it's on a more granular basis. How they're doing in a local market, how they're doing in an international market, how they're doing in different states. Where are their sales coming from, where's their profitability coming from. It is amazing how many times we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.4160795
Retrieved Text: Are your revenue and profits where you want them to be? Learn why you may not be achieving your desired results.
Take our free Growth Assessment.
What Can You Expect with JDA’s Strategic Planning Process?
What must we do to ensure purpose, values and BHAG live?
What is your firm uniquely good at doing?
Who are the ideal customers we want to attract?
The Big Hairy Audacious Goal. Where is your North?
Where will we be and what will we measure?
What actions will be taken to hit the Targets?
What is our geography? Product/Business lines? Distribution channel?
How are you uniquely positioned in your market in a measurable way?
Where do we want to be in one year?
What is the number one thing everyone should be working on?
Leading and Lagging? How will we measure along the way?
What should we be focusing on to accelerate growth?
What processes should we focus on to increase profit?
What actions will be taken to hit the quarterly targets?
We will focus on building the leadership team at every session.
Prioritize one for each quarter.
Team members and client feedback loop (Net Promoter Score).
Functional accountability chart – review and define roles, structure, accountability.
Process accountability chart – review and define process accountability – company wide.
Any people challenges that we need address – conflict resolution.
Score carding, A, B, C scoring with a process for improvement.
P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow – team members assigned accountability.
Reducing cycle time to find more cash already in the business.
Do you know what it’s telling you?
Change one of the 7 financial levers by only 1%.
How are we and can we improve the process of

================



======= Instance Index 18327 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: He did really well and even flipped over at one point and was under water . He looked a little surprised when he came up ! He was very cold tolerant .
Question: What are we doing ?
Options: 
- Swimming
 - None of the above choices .
 - Jumping
 - Riding A bike

Target Text: Swimming

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.812297
Retrieved Text: When you have no track of time or space it means you are in the present moment.
Try to recall a time when you were doing something and all of your attention was only in the activity you were doing, a time when you suddenly realized time has just passed by and you didn’t notice, it could have been minutes or hours, but you were so immerse in the activity, that you did not let other thoughts get into your mind, you were so busy paying attention to what you were doing that you practically did not have any other thought.
This can happen to to people which meditate; meditators can just be in the meditation with no thoughts in their minds, where there is no need to be aware of time or space.
Those times are a perfect example of what it is to be living in the present moment, in those moments you are celebrating life; not denying life.
But we are all immerse in daily life activities, where we can’t be doing those activities we love, that help us be present, we have to do our shores, that maybe we don’t like that much, or do tasks that others gave to us to do. But those are also great opportunities to be aware of what we are doing, because it is on those times when our attention flies away from what you are doing.
So if we are able to realize it, and you start to pay attention to the activity itself (even though we don’t love doing

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.791061
Retrieved Text: Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) is a term brought about by our digital age. It’s the feeling we have when we’re unable to attend a social engagement – a barbecue for example – because we’ve already accepted an invitation – say to the cinema – by other friends. In reality, we want to do them both for fear of missing something.
But the question is, why has FOMO become such a thing?
It might be useful to stop and ask ourselves next time we feel it, what is it we are actually feeling and what has triggered us to feel it?
Social media can intensify our FOMO. In our digital age, most of us have a smartphone or tablet nearby and check them often. Whilst we are busy doing one thing, we may check into a social media account and see others engaging in something else. Part of us may wish we could be doing that too or even instead of what we are currently doing.
FOMO can affect us in many ways. It can invoke feelings of envy…. we want to be doing what others are doing, or wish we could be involved in the alternative activity in case it may be ‘better’ than what we are currently doing… that our life is less interesting, or enjoyable or worthwhile somehow.
FOMO can minimise the enjoymènt we are currently experiencing by distracting us from the good time we are already having and evoking feelings of discontent and unease instead.
The main antidote for FOMO is to practice being fully attentive to what

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.774173
Retrieved Text: What is mindfulness and how can I be more mindful?
Mindfulness is being in the present. Mindfulness can bring us greater awareness as we purposely focus on what we are doing in a non-judgemental way. When we pay attention to where we are and what we are doing, we become less reactive to what is going on around us.
Mindfulness is something we can all do and the more we practice, the easier it gets.
How can I be more mindful?
Most of us go about our day without paying attention to some of the things we are doing. We’re often doing a few things at once (folding clothes while watching TV and keeping an eye on the kids) and we may go on ‘auto-pilot’ as our mind wanders.
By being more mindful, we are paying attention to what we are doing. When we are mindful, we focus on our senses – what can we see, touch, smell, taste and hear in the moment?
You don’t have to stop what you’re doing to try mindfulness. Instead, you can work it into a daily routine. Try it when you are washing the dishes, going for a walk or waiting for the train.
Pay attention to your senses – what can you see, smell, taste, touch or hear?
If your mind wanders, gently bring it back to the present moment.
When you first start practising mindfulness, it may be difficult. It can be hard to fully focus on what you’re doing and not get distracted. It is also common for your thoughts to wander. You can start

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.743109
Retrieved Text: Purple Intellect is data center solutions company. which provide the hosting services to the customer worldwide.
We believe long run business relationships thus before we have a tendency to deliver an data cenetr solutions to you, weâ€™d like to meet you, perceive your motivations and after all get to understand your business. After all, the higher we have a tendency to perceive what you are doing, however you are doing what you are doing and why you are doing what you are doing the higher the answer we will give the additional services to succeed.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.705365
Retrieved Text: Home General Career You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
You’re not doing what you love? Try these!
We all work very hard in our lives to achieve our goals. And in this haste to reach our goal we forget to ask ourselves the important question of whether we actually love what we are doing?
We think only hard work in what we do is sufficient to succeed, but without the right amount of love and passion we cannot be the best, we can only be mediocre. There is also the added effect of emotional insufficiency that we feel when we are doing something we don’t love. But don’t panic, here I give you some simple tips you can try when you are feeling as if you’re not doing what you love.
Take what you’re doing on a daily basis rather than taking up more than you can handle. This not only helps relax better but also gives you a clearer understanding of the work thereby enhancing the understanding of your work.
This trick is quite effective because passion only comes with understanding and knowledge; after you understand your work and its affects better, you are sure to love it. Passion and love for work cannot be created in an instant; they grow over time with gaining more knowledge one day at a time.
We mainly grow to dislike or be disappointed in our work when we fail to achieve success in it. But you need to understand that success has a very fickle meaning and it cannot be achieved in

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.660827
Retrieved Text: The idea of building margin into our lives and ministry involves developing boundaries that limit how we will utilize our time. The idea of building margin into your life is to remove the unnecessary so that you can focus on the most important things. It is not only focusing on doing things right but making sure you are doing the right things. We are often completely focused on our “to-do” lists, but we should also consider making a “stop-doing” list. What do you need to stop doing so that you can focus on what you should be doing?
Worship – This is how we stay centered! – Loving God more!
Small Groups – This is how we stay connected! – Loving people more!
Outreach – This is how we stay concerned! – Loving more people!
Follow Jesus – If you are too busy for daily Bible study and prayer you are too busy. What do you need to place on your “stop doing” list so that you build margin into your schedule for your quiet time with God?
Help others Follow Jesus – Are you spending time sharing your faith? How do we build margin into our lives so that we are intentionally building relationships with the unchurched and those far from God?
In Good to Great, Jim Collins says, “The point of this entire book is not that we should ‘add’ these findings to what we are already doing and make ourselves even more overworked. No, the point is to realize that much of what we’re doing is at best a

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.642426
Retrieved Text: What ‘ingredients’ make a good lesson?
When teachers feel positive about us and what we can achieve.
Where we get a sense of achievement.
Where we can talk our ideas through.
Where we can feel safe to try things out and get them wrong.
Where we get a variety of things to do.
Where we do most of the work – rather than the teacher talking all the time.
When we know what we should be doing and it links up to what we should be learning.
So, when giving a task, students should know what they are doing it for, what skills they will acquire, what are the objectives and outcomes. E.g. by doing the task: “identify at least 2 strengths in our essay and to make up at least 2 improvements that need to be made”, the students should know that they experience personal growth, development, independence. By doing the task: “interpret the text using a table”, they acquiring new skills of reconstructing wording into tables. By doing the task of exploring the arguments for and against, the students explore attitudes.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.636076
Retrieved Text: All is great.... with compliments to Mrs. Porter Stacey, she is very friendly and give us quick answers for all our questions. – What one thing should we be doing better?
Have an open credit with long term partners. – What one thing should we be doing better?
all is great :) – What one thing should we be doing better?
Despite all our previous helpful tips once again you did not send us our free sweets. Mind you it was a direct delivery so maybe you sent them there! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Please check that the beacons are working prior to dispatch as I have returned both as they do not work. – What one thing should we be doing better?
We appreciate very much of your product quality and technical advice as well as your services provided in years! – What one thing should we be doing better?
Send packets of sweets with every order [like the Germans do]. Extra discount for loyal customers like Hedley & Ellis – What one thing should we be doing better?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.612746
Retrieved Text: Parking is available at the Oberlin Inn lot with overflow going to street parking.
The VibrantNEO process uses public workshops to look at the future of our Northeast Ohio. What will it look like in 2040 if we keep doing what we’re doing? What are the potential outcomes if we do things differently? To answer these questions, we need to understand our values and priorities.
This first round of VibrantNEO public workshops revolves around a scenario called “BusinessAsUsual.” It outlines what Northeast Ohio’s future will look like if we keep doing what we are currently doing. We need your help to define what we value and what’s most important to this region as we start to create a vision for Northeast Ohio’s future. We Can Only Answer These Questions Together!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.60861
Retrieved Text: We are often tired and imbalanced not because we are doing too much, but because we are doing too little of what is real and meaningful.
Our feelings determine what we value, what is important and meaningful for us to feel happy, fulfilled and successful in our lives.
What am I willing to do to feel the way I want to feel?
What am I willing to stop doing to feel the way I want to feel?
What is my first step towards fulfillment?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.604343
Retrieved Text: There are times when I still feel like I just don't know what the hell I'm doing as a parent.
I think if you ask around, most parents feel that way.
You're tired, you're stressed, you're experiencing things you've never had to handle before.
But you are an amazingly intelligent and caring woman. Remember that, and know you're doing fine.
From what I understand, that feeling doesn't go away, even when they are 67.
She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't.
You're doing fine. Hugs to you.
Hell, my oldest is 14 and I STILL feel that way. Especially with the oldest -- every new stage is... well... new. So you are in good company. The first child is always a trial and error proposition. Trust me, by the time you get to the 2nd child, you're MUCH more confident in what the heck you are doing!
Amen! Just ask away; we're here to share.
And, by the way: you are doing superfine!!
Don't we all, hon. Don't we all. I feel it everyday.
I have to echo what dabhug said above: "She's fed, she's clothed, she's clean, she's loved, she's wanted. So many aren't. You're doing fine."
Hmm, and poor Misha is all of what - 6 months? When she is 22, if you are not still asking yourself this question, I will be shocked.
We are all the best parents we can be, and our kids, amazingly, love and survive us the best way they can. You are a strong, clever, loving, thoughtful person in a solid partnership. You are a

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.553171
Retrieved Text: When we review client’s websites we often see a healthy amount of traffic but very few leads.
These days everyone seems to have a blog. Kids are doing it, businesses are doing it, celebrities are doing it, even tired Mums are doing it.
How is your website perform right now? If it’s doing well then carry on doing what you are doing, that’s great.
Testimonials are like gold dust in business and so powerful if used to their full potential.
They provide proof that your business is being endorsed by a third party.
What am I talking about? LinkedIn of course!

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.548786
Retrieved Text: What Do Your Customers Really Value? Really Dislike?
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you love us more?" This seems odd, but it's much easier to stop doing something than to start doing something new.
"What, if we stopped doing it, would make you leave us forever?" Again, what should we never stop doing, rather than what more should we do for you?
"What would you tell your best friend about us?" This teaches you something about how you are positioned in the world.
Often, we're too close to our own products and services, and so might not see our strengths and weaknesses from the vantage point that really matters -- the perspective of our customers.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.543714
Retrieved Text: Home » Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
Series: Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
This entry is part 1 of 2 in the series Costa Rica: What Are We Doing Here?
The reasons for moving to, or visiting Costa Rica are diverse. In my time here I have been asked the question “why did you move to Costa Rica?” so many times I’ve lost count.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.53937
Retrieved Text: There is a reason – for everything in life.
A reason for why we are where we are at right now. For why we do, what we do right now. For why we are with the people we are surrounded by right now.
We do get lost at times … in other people’s opinions on what we should be doing, where we should be, what we should want, who we should be with … confusing their opinion for our own. And get stressed about feeling stuck in a situation we should not be in.
Yet, when we focus on being where we are, with who we are, doing what we are doing, in this very moment, without diverting our focus by waiting for xyz to happen in the future, the reason will reveal to us.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.539106
Retrieved Text: Turning up and doing what we do is the beginning of everything that turns out to matter.
If we turn up doing the things we do best, maybe something wonderful will ensue.
I understand what Mogi is getting at. The people who made these bowls couldn’t point to them and say, I knew what I was doing when I made that.” People are still trying to replicate the results. But these crafts-people turned up every day doing what they do best.
Turning up and doing our work provides us with calluses, the possibility of doing finer work more deeply, opening us to the complex and perplexing – the latter being the challenge in life we must respond to.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.498123
Retrieved Text: Which benefits of time management are you hoping to achieve? To save some time by consolidating activities? To eliminate typical “time wasters”? To feel more in control and that you’re doing more of the activities that matter?
All of these are valuable but arguably the real benefits come when we think laterally about what time management means. Here are two things to consider when evaluating the benefits of time management. Firstly, consider a counter-intuitive thought.
Try defining success in qualitative rather than quantitative terms.
It may be that broad, subjective benefits are ultimately of greater benefit than the narrow specifics we normally associate with time management theory.
Secondly, begin any activity or project with the end in mind.
If you’re going to put the time and effort into an activity, ask yourself, is it really what I want to do? If the benefit of time management is the quality of life we get from the time we invest, begin any task with the end in mind.
The meaningful life (significance – using personal strengths to serve some larger end).
A corporate executive, on holiday in a small, Greek sea-coast village, was strolling by the docks and taking in the local colour. He complimented one fisherman on the quality of his catch.
“How long did it take you to get all those fish?” he asked.
What are we doing? – are we doing something that’s worth doing, however that may be defined?
Why are we doing it? – what is our ultimate goal or reward?
Who are we doing it for? – for ourselves, families, others?
Try thinking again

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.489588
Retrieved Text: Join us to hear this business everything that we consider doing for you. I love the set working fun at the Osuna city provide you everything that you may need. We do that no one else was able to help you like we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know we’re the best of what we do and approve it to you as well to join us today to see exactly how you can find the best rates on Columbia Missouri mortgages here with us. We know that we are the best but we did we want you to note as well so join us today discover exactly what else it is that we can start doing for you and how so we can to help you for services. We know that no one else can get you what we can to go ahead and join us today to discover exactly what all it is that we can start doing for your house so we can start helping you here at this business.
This company has made everything so we can to help you with love to get you each and every one of them to join us today to discover exactly what that means for you and how so we can to help you. We know that no matter what it may be we can get you to we want to be so join us today to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.487245
Retrieved Text: Kapow! 🔥 Top Clips of Trollhunters (2016) - S01E23 Animation!
What are you wearing? I thought we were playing.
I thought you said you were gonna take me home.
- What are you...? - Bingo!
What do you say, Nana?
Bridal bingo? How do you play bridal bingo?
I thought that's what you were doing.
What are you doing out of costume?
I thought you were dead! Or hurt!
What? Wha... I thought you were gonna handle this. What are you doing?
I do enjoy playing bingo.
- What are you doing? -I will returning!
What are you doing home? I thought you'd be over at Ryan's house.
I thought you were out.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.485896
Retrieved Text: Join say something because they doing for you. Revert of many kinds in the past we know that we can help you soonest today so join us I discovered considering for you. We know where the best of the best so we would love to start helping you for everything that you may need. Overt of many kinds and the passing of that we can help you find best CPA in Tulsa services here fast because they are here. We know exactly what were doing to join us it is exactly what us Wiccans are doing for your house we consider providing our services these we know that we can get you exactly 2 you want to be if all of your money handling problems to join us and discover exactly what we can start doing for you and how we can set providing the services that you can only find here, because we know you can find best CPA in Tulsa. You are what said pseudo-swings are doing for you and how so we can to help you.
You may want to know what a CPA is a know how and why you need one. We can help you set your business. As he pays a professional to complete at least 150 semester hours of college education is passed a 16 hour, four-part exam to obtain a license in order to serve their services to the public. We know that I had the CPAs network of us are the best of the best to join us

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.484105
Retrieved Text: – You have unrealistic expectations of yourself and need a reality check.
We talked about the first point last Monday.
The first thing to point out is that not doing what you should be doing can also be very much connected to having unrealistic expectations of yourself. Very often we are not focusing on what is right in front of us because we believe we can and should be doing absolutely everything else as well.
In Monday’s post we talked about how we start with ourselves and work outwards from there, in a sort of hierarchy of care, to determine what we should be doing, and where our attention should be going. Once those things are taken care of, then we can assess to what extent we can get involved in “extras” – those good things – committees, volunteering, dog-sitting, you name it – without being taken away from our core commitments to ourselves and those who actually deserve our time and energy.
I touched on the fact that when you are doing what you should be doing, and you are doing it well, with attention and dedication, you can rest easy, knowing that you have done exactly what you should, to the best of your ability. This can free up room for enjoyment, as the taking care of any obligation should.
However, sometimes we have unrealistic views of our goals and capacities, and very often we are pressured by the perceived opinions of others.
1) Take stock of your personality and temperament. Are you energised by being around people, or do

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.479305
Retrieved Text: Why do you want to step inside the gym? Why you are starting this journey? What motivates you?
Many people enter into the gym and starts looking at everyone what he is doing or she is doing. The serious person who knows why he enters the gym, don’t look around the people what everyone is doing. There are only few people in the gym who are improving themselves that time, when other people are looking around everyone.
Trust me on this we sacrifice the moment, our focus as we starts looking around everyone in the gym what everyone is doing. Many of the lifters are more focused about how everyone is different from them.
So remember one thing when you enter the gym, don’t look around what everyone is doing. Think about what you are doing. Shut your eyes and start lifting the weights, if it is 20kg or 100kg it doesn’t matter.
What really matter is how you are improving yourself. Listen hard metal music or whatever you want, avoid distraction, focus on yourself. Your emotions should be against the weights in gym which you are lifting that time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.476066
Retrieved Text: · What hours do you work?
· Are they the same or similar to the hours you worked at your previous job?
· Do you still work through lunch?
· Are you dressed and in your office by 8 am?
· Do you leave your office when it dark outside?
· How many sick days do you take?
Did you create yourself a job? Do you feel guilty if you are not busy? What was the reason you become an entrepreneur? If it was to do what you love keep reading. If it was to be in business (also known as busy-ness) keep doing what you are doing.
When you are ready to eliminate much of your daily tasks that are not important or even necessary come back and read more about how you can enjoy your life.
When you want to automate many of your tasks keep reading.
If you are ready to collaborate with others read on.
Have you noticed how happy you are when you are doing what you love? In my opinion that is the true meaning of being entrepreneur (doing what you are designed to do). We were all born with talents and when we are engaged in those activities we are happy. When we are doing other tasks they seem to take forever to complete and we feel exhausted.
Did you become an entrepreneur to o do what we enjoy doing? How long did it take to find out you don’t have a sales & marketing team, an accounting or product development department or customer service representatives or anyone to trouble

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.475198
Retrieved Text: Georgina Walsh Business Coaching » Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Blog > Are You Crossing The Knowing – Doing Gap?
Do you find that whilst you are really, really busy doing a lot, you never quite getting round to the bigger projects or ideas that you know you need to do?
If so, you may not be bridging the ‘Knowing – Doing Gap’ (Pferrer & Sutton). You KNOW what you need to do, for example, re-design your website, get a new project underway, de-clutter your office, but you never seem to quite get round to the DOING.
….it is quite simply a lack of time, isn’t it? However, in looking at why people have difficulty in crossing this gap Pferrer and Sutton don’t identify time issues.
…maybe it’s a lack of knowledge or information? In the times we live in we are falling over knowledge and information on how to do things – but all the knowledge in the world is useless you put it into action and use.
… and maybe you feel you are doing it – but things just don’t seem to be moving forward in the way you would like. Often we can feel we are taking action, but in reality we are doing things such as, planning, discussing and making decisions – but these are not action!
So, what is it that stops us from making that leap from knowing to doing? In many instances it can be something within ourselves – either fear or a lack of confidence that is holding us back. We

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.469888
Retrieved Text: Join us here and today at this business you know we can start doing for you. Will that is that working for and with you soonest today and providing serves as a will be able to find anywhere else. We know exactly what were doing here with our Bixby braces and we know that we can help you as well to join us in a discover all the services that we can set providing for you. We can provide you services a you didn’t even know they may need but we know that will get you there so join us today to see exactly how we can help you and what else that we can say doing for you starting a sentence today.
We were given many clients in the past and we know if our Bixby orthodontist work with you in the future you can be successful and have the smile that you want to join us today to see exactly how we can set providing you everything that we have here because we love to start working for and with you as soon as today getting to where you want to be so join us to see and discover what they’re doing for you. You are website and read the reviews and the testimonials that are past clients of of saying exactly how much we have done for them and how we’ve helped them. We love for you to be a part of this as well as her join us today to discover what else

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.45439
Retrieved Text: In my last post, we talked about change and the power of evolution.
Today I’d love to share a technique I use which will help your business evolution go smoothly.
While many of us recognise the value of change, the problem we have is deciding where to start. One of the most frequent questions I am asked is, “How will I know what needs to be changed?
I use this model to answer that question.
Here’s a summary of the stages.
Stop – what we need to stop doing.
Start – what we need to start doing.
Continue – what we need to continue doing.
It’s so simple that it’s brilliant.
Let’s look at each stage.
What are we doing that doesn’t contribute positively to the bottom line?
What isn’t working in our organisation, or on our team, to help us grow and advance?
What practices create more problems than solutions?
The answers to these questions will become your list of actions your team will stop doing.
What are some things that we could begin doing to make things better?
What are some new measures that we could put into place to improve our results?
The answers to these questions will become the list of actions you want your team to begin taking.
What things are already working well in our organisation and on our team which make it easier to accomplish our goals?
What procedures already work well and should be continued?
The answers to these questions become the list of things your organisation is already doing right and your team wants to continue!
As a HR leader, team leader or learning and development specialist,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.452712
Retrieved Text: To hear this business everything that we can start doing for you. We love to start working for and with you as soon as today to join us today to discover everything else that we consider doing for you and how is that we can help you. We know you’re the best option for you to join us today to see exactly how you can get drum lessons Rockledge with us. We know that you won’t be a wood if anyone else like us to join us today to see what else we can say doing in-house that we can to help you here this business.
We know that we can get you everything that we can start doing free in house so we consider helping you all of the services that we have here this company. We can get you everything that you mean my need from us to join us today to see exactly how we can help your child get the lessons they want and deserve. We want to be sure that they have a great instructor. Join us today to see what else we can play during feed house so we can to help you hit this company.
Here this business withers made of and things that we can start doing for you. We believe so much in the power of our proven curriculum, and in a case that you may have doubts of our system, we went off even guarantee. If your child is a perform at the level we guaranteed after actively

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.449922
Retrieved Text: If you set a goal for yourself then it will take action to achieve it. Anything that you do that takes you closer to your goal is smart. Being intelligent is about what you do, not what you think.
That’s really what it’s all about. Doing the things that we know are smart. Doing what we say matters to us. If we know the smart thing to do and we don’t do it then that makes us stupid.
Too many of us are acting like we don’t know how to fix our problems or what we should be doing. We pretend that we’re ignorant and just keep doing things that aren’t good for us. Why?
One reason is that we don’t want to put in the work required.
In the video Jay talks about running a staffing company years ago and having to pawn his jewelry in order to make payroll because it was the right thing to do. People don’t want to make sacrifices to get to where they say they want to go.
Too many of us are being immature by doing what’s fun and easy instead of doing what’s hard and necessary.
The second reason we do stupid things is we prefer to pretend like we don’t actually know what the smart thing to do is. This helps us to rationalize why we don’t have or do the things we should.
We all know that the four word formula for losing weight is eat less, exercise more. It’s as simple as that but people will act like they can’t do

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.449398
Retrieved Text: Clients data is more relevant, their systems are more robust, and our ability to access some of that information, is more robust. Clients are able to close with our assistance, and make certain adjustments on a timely basis, so that instead of looking, for example at their first quarter numbers, three months, six months later when the next quarter, has already gone by, they can close within five days, seven days, they can have meaningful financial information, and accordingly we can discuss, what should we be doing real time live, as the period is existing, what changes do they need to make in the business. Do they need to spend more in certain areas, less in certain areas, and even get an idea, of what the competition is doing. I think what's very helpful to clients, is a lot of benchmarking information. So it's great to understand my company is doing x, but, is x good, is x, you know, how much better should it be? So are my gross profit margins for example, ahead of the industry, are they behind the industry. So benchmarking and taking that statistical data, graphing that information, showing it to them, in a way that they can appreciate it. Sometimes it's on a global basis, sometimes it's on a more granular basis. How they're doing in a local market, how they're doing in an international market, how they're doing in different states. Where are their sales coming from, where's their profitability coming from. It is amazing how many times we

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.4160795
Retrieved Text: Are your revenue and profits where you want them to be? Learn why you may not be achieving your desired results.
Take our free Growth Assessment.
What Can You Expect with JDA’s Strategic Planning Process?
What must we do to ensure purpose, values and BHAG live?
What is your firm uniquely good at doing?
Who are the ideal customers we want to attract?
The Big Hairy Audacious Goal. Where is your North?
Where will we be and what will we measure?
What actions will be taken to hit the Targets?
What is our geography? Product/Business lines? Distribution channel?
How are you uniquely positioned in your market in a measurable way?
Where do we want to be in one year?
What is the number one thing everyone should be working on?
Leading and Lagging? How will we measure along the way?
What should we be focusing on to accelerate growth?
What processes should we focus on to increase profit?
What actions will be taken to hit the quarterly targets?
We will focus on building the leadership team at every session.
Prioritize one for each quarter.
Team members and client feedback loop (Net Promoter Score).
Functional accountability chart – review and define roles, structure, accountability.
Process accountability chart – review and define process accountability – company wide.
Any people challenges that we need address – conflict resolution.
Score carding, A, B, C scoring with a process for improvement.
P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow – team members assigned accountability.
Reducing cycle time to find more cash already in the business.
Do you know what it’s telling you?
Change one of the 7 financial levers by only 1%.
How are we and can we improve the process of

================



======= Instance Index 6377 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Turned on us . Whoops for him . Later that morning a call came out over the radio that a pupil was beating up a teacher at a school .
Question: What is our job ?
Options: 
- We are teachers .
 - None of the above choices .
 - We are police officers .
 - We are disc jockeys .

Target Text: We are police officers .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.821475
Retrieved Text: It took 42 years, but on Saturday, November 21, 2015, I was sent to high school detention (AKA Saturday School.) And for what? To share my insights into career development for 1 ½ – 2 hours with high school students.
What is the job title/position of your dream job?
What city, state, or country do you see yourself living in?
What responsibilities would you hold in this dream job?
What training, special skills, and/or education would be required for this dream job?
What challenges would you face in this dream job?
Why would you enjoy this dream job? What would be rewarding?
What would your dream job pay you annually?
What steps would you need to take to make this dream job become your reality?
Many students shared exciting dream jobs such as music producer, professional football or baseball player, and working in forensics. However, I was surprised by the number of students who struggled to identify a dream job. Why is that? Is there a lack of exposure and discussion in schools and home related to career possibilities? Is there a lack of confidence or motivation to work?
If we don’t take the time to dream and reflect upon our future, how can we identify the steps we need to take to make our dream job become our reality?
What is your dream job? Where would you live? Where would you work? Describe a typical day. What kind of income would you make? What is holding you back from obtaining your dream job?
For over two decades, I have worked as an administrative professional. It is my

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.630855
Retrieved Text: Meet your team at Whitney Orthodontics!
What I enjoy most about this job: I love the people that I work with. I have so much respect for all of our doctors and I love seeing our patients’ beautiful smiles.
What I enjoy most about this job: Building relationships with the schools, community and referring dental offices.
What I enjoy most about this job: The rewarding feeling I have when I leave each day.
What I enjoy most about this job: The people I work with, who are more like family to me. They make it a fun atmosphere where it can be felt by our patients the moment they walk in the door.
What I enjoy most about this job: Creating an easy, peaceful experience.
What I enjoy most about this job: The bond that is formed with the patients during their treatment.
What I enjoy most about this job: I’ve experienced treatment, so I can relate to the kids and make them more comfortable. I love working with kids.
What I enjoy most about this job: The family atmosphere.
What I enjoy most about this job: Making patients happy when their braces are removed, and meeting and interacting with patients and parents.
What I enjoy most about this job: Creating and transforming beautiful smiles, and educating patients about the importance of dental hygiene and maintenance with and without braces.
What I enjoy most about this job: Providing quality care, and the many friendships made throughout treatment.
What I enjoy most about this job: The amazing people I work for and with.
What I enjoy most about this job:

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.616387
Retrieved Text: Each of Job’s 3 counselors displayed characteristics of our human nature which need to be examined. There are many lessons that can be learned through the analysis of their response to Job’s suffering. I believe some of our own attitudes will be revealed as we study their behaviors. We all have “baggage” which lessens our ability to properly assess and respond to the needs of someone who needs help. Much can be learned in this case study of Job’s “Comforters” as they are called. Before we analyze this story, remember Job had lost his children and his wealth and will soon lose his health. What had gone wrong? In our conditioned subjective thinking, we immediately conclude that Job is suffering the consequences of his actions. But in chapter 1, verse 1, it is said of Job “This man was blameless and upright; he feared God and shunned evil.” How does this fit in with our prejudicial thinking and theology?
A. Eliphaz - Read Job, chapter 4, verses 1-11.
Analysis: There is much conjecture that the dream Eliphaz relates starting in verse 13 causes him to associate what happened in the dream with Job. He must have believed that God “gave” him the dream and this was God’s word to Job. It is possible that God can reveal knowledge to people as He wills, but is this the case here? There is no indication of wrongdoing on Job’s behalf and the dream seems to be absent of the presence of God. Probably, Eliphaz’s response to Job is fashioned by

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.605757
Retrieved Text: We're always keen to listen to customers suggestions and enhance how the Okappy job management system works. So when one of our customers asked whether we could reduce the number of clicks to see what work has been done on a job from three clicks to one, we jumped at the chance.
Previously, in order to view the work your engineers have done, you clicked the options icon next to the job id. ( ). You can then click View/Edit/Update job to see your job details and then scroll to the bottom to see the check sheets for that job and what had been done.
Although this only takes a three clicks and a fraction of a second, when you have multiple jobs to review then it all adds up.
So, following our customer's suggestion we investigated how we could improve the process and are happy to announce that you can now see what was done on your job in as little as one click.
3) by cicking on the job done tick.
1) Click on the job ID to see the whole job including the check sheet.
2) Click on the more icon ( ), then view work done when the job is complete. You can see the details of the work done instantly.
3) Click on the green tick ( ) in Job done column to show the details of the work done for that job.
Will we ever reduce it to no clicks? We did look into this and tested whether showing the details of the work done when you hover

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.55761
Retrieved Text: Learn about the role of the interview.
Highlights from our Interview Guide help you get ready for different types of interview questions.
Visit the County's award-winning website to learn about our vision, programs and services and organizational structure.
Watch stories of County constituents and services plus a message from our Department Heads.
Click on one of the County Departments below to learn about the services they provide to the public.
Minimum requirements and desirable qualifications. This might include areas like education, experience, knowledge, skills, abilities, certifications, etc.
What the "examination" – or evaluation process – will include. For example, a written test, an interview, a performance test, etc.
Job Bulletins are only available while applications are being accepted for a particular position. You can find Job Bulletins for open positions on our online Job Application system.
A Class Specification or Class "Spec" provides a general description of a job. Many companies call this type of document a Job Description. Class Spec is a term used by state and local governments as well as on the federal level. Class Specifications are always available, but does not necessarily mean that the County is accepting applications for that position – it only describes jobs that exist in the County.
If you find a job that interests you, check and see if a Job Bulletin is available. If not, that means the County is not currently accepting applications for that position. However, you can visit our online Job Application System, CREATE A PROFILE and complete a Job Interest Card by clicking on Job Information, then Job Interest Card. You

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.551813
Retrieved Text: Our job titles have a necessary but deceiving purpose. They function as a cheat sheet for assessing the talents, priorities, and standard of living of the titleholder. As a result, we’ve equated a lofty job title with success. It’s why entrepreneurs call themselves “CEO” of a one-person company. Thurgood doesn’t want the world to know what he actually does, so he inflates it a little.
Sometimes it’s easier to view our career paths as a means to getting better job titles. But I can call you “grand master of facilities” and you’d still be miserable and mopping floors like Thurgood. You can be my “lead designer” and still only be creating a small internal newsletter that only a handful of people see. Just because the official paperwork calls you something, it doesn’t mean you’re moving the needle on the stuff that matters to you.
A job title doesn’t give you more interesting projects to work on. It doesn’t necessarily give you more money. It doesn’t increase the likelihood of working with smart people. A well-regarded job title has all the impact of buying a fancy car: people may “ooh” and “ah” but it won’t change your core level of happiness and fulfillment.
Which is why the very concept of the job title is cruel. It represents the external validation that our job affords us. Life becomes easier when you can sum up what you do quickly and impressively. It’s a tragedy that small talk almost always involves the question, “so, what do you do?” Yet, making cool stuff doesn’t

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.537683
Retrieved Text: You can’t go wrong building your career on strength.
Job descriptions are written for robots. When a committee gets together to draft up a job description they likely don’t have a specific person in mind. They have a bunch of persons in mind who, when melded together, create the average person that would do well in that job.
This is problematic because it prevents you and I from pursuing jobs that are nuanced to our strengths. We see a generic job description and we’re underwhelmed. “That’s not me,” we may say.
It’s also a challenge because we have a tendency to take a generic job and melt into it. Rather than doing our job description and layering on what makes us very best we discard or ignore what makes us best and invest our energy in conforming to the position. In the short-run this earns big points. You are compliant and people like that because it means you are doing exactly what they hoped someone in that job would do — the job they defined.
In the long-run this is a losing strategy. Your whole value-add is your uniqueness. That’s what you bring! The job description is simply a foundation for you to magnify what you do very best — your strengths.
True, you have to do the basics well before you can branch out into your strength. But most people never branch out and become robotic in the execution of their jobs. Integrate what you do best into what your organization needs you to do and you’ll thrive.
So what do

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.520156
Retrieved Text: What one dose for a living is so important that it actually defines who one is. It also determines our self-worth. It is rare to meet an individual who is perfectly happy in his present vocation. If we are not happy in our present job the work become a labor. What can be more satisfying when we are paid to do things which we like to do or when our hobby becomes our job? Almost every aspect of our life is related to our job and how we feel about it, including financial, emotional and health conditions.
When will I get a Job? What type of job will be most suitable for me? Will I get the job of my choice? When will I change my Job? Will I get a job in abroad? When will I get a raise or promotion? When will the present working conditions improve? Will I get a transfer?
Vedic Astrology can provide you with the answers to all the above-mentioned questions plus better understanding of yourself, your talents, potential and relationship with your colleagues and superiors.
It will also guide you to choose the right career or to make your existing career better. This report will also give detail of your wealth earning potential and chance of any financial windfall.
Predictions are not computer generated, our experienced Vedic Astrologers will prepare it manually in PDF format for easy download.
Detailed interpretations of Career and Wealth potential in your horoscope.
Right choices of job, industry etc.Operating Major Dasha, Antar and Pratyantar Dasha (Planetary Periods).

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.500748
Retrieved Text: BlogOnTheJob: Job Security - What is that?
Within the past several years, job security has become something obsolete, no doubt it. Down-sizing, outsourcing, cost-cutting, layoff, no matter what you call it, it amounts to the same thing: unemployment. After being saved from four previous layoffs, I will now be a casualty and I have to admit, I am looking forward to it. It may sound strange to some, but I really am.
In the past, companies made you feel like you needed them and sure we need to earn a paycheck to pay our bills, but if we think about it long enough, it really is the other way around. That's how we need to view ourselves. We offer a need, a service, whether we're the best secretary, IT professional, painter, car salesman, janitor, garbage collector, whatever our occupation is, we're good at what we do and if our existing employer, for whatever reason cannot see our value, our worth, then it's their lose and someone else's gain. And we can't forget that we do have value.
Let's be honest with ourselves. We can take our skills and find another job. Yes, it may be harder than we think, but it doesn't have to be. Who says that job security has to last 15, 20 years? If we have the attitude that even if our job lasts one month (say, if we were a contractor/temp employee) then fine, we're secure in that particular job for that month and we're going to do the best we can while we're there.
Our

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.495527
Retrieved Text: Career planning is a lifelong process which includes getting a job, working on our skills, finding out our expectations from life and even retiring. There might always be possible changes in life because our long-term and short-term plans may not match. We cannot always control things from outside such as family, friends or health issues, but once we make a career plan, it lasts as far as possible.Career planning process should include these steps;First thing about career planning is finding out your skills. Skill is thing that we learned how to do. People have a lot of skills that they don’t know about. Identifying our skills help to find us our ideal job. It includes finding out what is important for you in job and what kind of decision maker we are.Career planning is answer of the question “what are we doing after graduation?” after graduation most of people experiences the job search. Job hunting is an activity that a lot of us would just avoid as long as possible. We are aware that in today’s world having a job became necessity of life. Even the best workers in the world cannot be through no fault in their lives. We always change our minds and we have may made wrong choices or the job that held such promise has turned to dust.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.484625
Retrieved Text: What is passion? By Webster’s definition passion is excitement, enthusiasm and delight. Is your job exciting and challenging to you? Do you wake up in the morning enthusiastic to go to work. Do you have job that inspires you? A job that delights you or a career you love? If your answer is yes, please send me your stories of inspiration. Was it your resume, interviewing, social networking or negotiating skills that landed your dream job or career? What do you love about your job? What inspired you?
Where do you find your passion(s)? Your inspirations? Your dream job? Could it be right here, right now? Could it be right in the midst of the sudden changes happening to you today? Is your future all about attitude? Is your future all about perspective?
The positive side of change (finding your dream job) is in your future. Yes, your future. I am speaking to you. Think about this, if you will. Is this you? “I just lost my job” or “I just lost … ” you fill in the blank. Ask yourself, can the positive side of change be in my future? Can this change lead me to my dream job? Remember, it’s all about attitude and perspective.Your perspective!
3. Start today to make it happen tomorrow.
1. Be forward thinking. Begin thinking of possibilities. I love the word impossible. Why? It inspires the rebel in me to think of … what is possible? Everything is possible. The possibilities are endless of what you can do now.
2. Let go of the

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.463809
Retrieved Text: HomeBlogThe BibleWhy Do We Love God? When Do We Love God?
It’s easy to love God when things go well. When our lives are great and we receive his blessings, we can thank him, praise him, and appreciate his goodness. It’s easy to love him when life is good.
However, life isn’t always so good. Sometimes our lives are a mess. When we don’t receive God’s blessings or experience his favor, do we still love him? We should, but our situation makes it much harder. In fact, for some people hardship turns their love of God into blaming him. Although understandable, this isn’t right.
When we love God during the good times, we may be loving him because of what he’s done for us. We love him for his favor. We love him for his blessings. We love him because he’s benevolent.
But when we’re going through difficult times, we must love him too. This is much harder to do, but we must press forward to love God, despite our circumstances. He deserves our love regardless of our situation.
In the Bible, Job, at first, has every reason to love God because of what God did for him. And when it’s all taken away from Job, he has every reason to turn from God and blame him. But he doesn’t.
Though the Bible doesn’t say that Job loves God, it does imply this when we see Job steadfastly affirming God for who he is, despite the turmoil he undergoes. This isn’t a gushy, emotional love. It’s an intentional, push-through-the-hard-times effort to give

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.374149
Retrieved Text: “What should I pray for? What do I really want?” Here the Bible challenges us to ask a different question. In fact, what we pray for is not even the most important question. It is why we pray.
As it turns out, praying is not primarily about us at all. It is all about God.
We pray because what we really want, above all else and in the deepest places of our being, is to know God. That is our heart’s desire, whether we know it consciously or feel it deeply. That does not mean that we should not pray for God to heal a sick child or to heal a broken marriage or to bring peace to a conflicted part of the world.
God designed the human machine to run on Himself. He Himself is the fuel our spirits were designed to burn, or the food our spirits were designed to feed on… God cannot give us happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
We try to satisfy our deepest longings with lesser things, however good those things are. But it is all in vain. God Himself has given us those things to enjoy, but He never wants us to mistake them for what is ultimate and essential. Thus, as Lewis observed, God withholds the happiness and security we want so that we won’t settle for anything less than God Himself.
When I have learned to love God better than my earthly dearest, I shall love my earthly dearest better than

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.368848
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the second installment of “Ask Adrian Anything!” This is intended to give our readers an opportunity to communicate directly with our intern, Adrian, about his experiences in the workplace. It will be conducted in an interview format with Benjamin asking the questions provided by you, our readers!
Benjamin: What words of encouragement would you give someone who has been actively looking for a job?
Adrian: Don’t give up too easily because eventually you will find what you are looking for.
Benjamin: How did you get your first job?
Adrian: My first paying job was at the Chicago Botanic Gardens (CBG) and it was through Glenbrook North (GBN) that I got the job. I have always liked it there and when I talked with the job coach through GBN, it all fell into place. My dad, the job coach and myself went to the gardens and they functioned as my support. Before I took off for my senior prom, I got a call from CBG and they told me I got the job!
Benjamin: What is NSSED and what did you do with them?
Adrian: The North Suburban Special Education District (NSSED): Helps students become successful and happy adults in home, work, and the community by providing education in multiple areas of life. The only time I worked with them was when I Interned at the Marriott hotel in Lincolnshire Illinois. The person that helped me get going worked with NSSED, so I only worked with NSSED indirectly.
Here’s a link to the first #AskAdrianAnything post!
This blog was written by Adrian, one

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.337614
Retrieved Text: Ever thought what stops you from landing your dream job? It’s your assumptions – some genuine, some baseless.
When we think of pursuing our career aspirations, we see multiple roadblocks in the form of fears and assumptions that limit ourselves from making an attempt to achieve our goals.
Our assumptions act as mental barriers limiting us from even thinking beyond what are doing currently.
We are what we think and believe. We make our assumptions on our possibilities and life in general based on our beliefs. And our beliefs are formed by what we read, experience and observe from our friends and family.
What if I get that job and don’t like it later?
Many a times, it’s not all or many of them, but just one or two that stop us from taking next step – as small as even applying for the job we wanted.
First you need to know what’s blocking you, and then you naturally try to find ways to break it.
Often these mental barriers are so deeply ingrained in us that we generally cannot think outside of our assumptions.
I have numerous examples where people successfully challenged their assumptions and landed coveted jobs they love. I myself have challenged and broken most of the assumptions mentioned above during the search for my dream job.
Our assumptions control our life to a large extent even without our knowledge. Unless we identify and test them systematically, we will not be able to break those barriers and think outside of them.
Assumptions are easier formed when they occur within a community. Your circle

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.336974
Retrieved Text: Home » Pharma Blog » What Challenges Will I Face Finding A Job?
What Challenges Will I Face Finding A Job?
One concern we often hear from people considering a move into pharmaceutical or medical device manufacturing is not knowing how difficult will it be to get a job.
Of course answering that is very difficult since it will depend on a whole host of factors – your previous experience, how good your job hunting skills are, what your local industry looks like, etc.
But what we can do is point out some of the biggest challenges faced by previous trainees so you can consider them fully.
Job hunting can be extremely different depending on the industry you’re in. If you’re coming into pharmaceutical or medical device manufacturing from another industry, one of the biggest challenges is knowing where to start.
We address this by having a bank of resources available to all our students that talk through the particulars of job hunting in this industry.
This bank of resources includes articles, checklists, and templates on a whole host of subjects including CV writing, speculative applications, interviews preparation, and networking.
You can choose whether to just dip into specific pieces or whether you want to follow our template that lays out this learning in a logical and organized way.
Check out our Job Hunt Resource Centres for Ireland, the UK, and the USA.
Many people assume that they study, get their certification and then they can start to job hunt. Our trainees actually have the knowledge they need to interview and impress employers from quite an

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.308592
Retrieved Text: Job Club takes place during week 7 of the NVQ Level 3 Electrical Training Course. Available to all students on the course, it runs at each one of our four training centres; Birmingham, Manchester, Purley and Wembley.
At the end of the eight weeks centre-led training, trainees are ready to go out and gain paid, on-site experience to build their portfolio. In order to do so, they first need to find employment, and that’s where Job Club comes in to help.
As well as training students in their chosen trade, prior to them going out to find work, we will prepare them. Job Club will provide them with the tools and knowledge to efficiently and effectively search for and find work. We set up Job Club as a resource for our students, giving them the chance to learn essential and invaluable employment skills including how to find vacancies, CV creation and interview techniques.
Your CV is quite often, the first thing a potential employer will see from you, so it’s important to get it right. During job club, students will be taught how to create a suitable CV, what they should include and what should be avoided.
They’ll be example CV’s available for students to view and a template will be provided for them to create their own.
Along with this, students will receive a letter of endorsement from the electrical training manager, outlining the skills the student has gained throughout the course.
This can be used as a supporting document, acting as proof of the student’s experience and skills.
In order to

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.3064
Retrieved Text: Your professional background, a sound understanding of the New Zealand job market and business etiquette as well as the personal impression you will make will all be key factors for your chances of getting the job you want.
Being actively supported by a team of New Zealand job search specialists throughout your job search process will give you the critical boost for your job search that will make all the difference.
You will be able to take full advantage of our local knowledge of the New Zealand job market and the job application process.
Addressing the right employers while also highlighting your overseas skills, attributes and experiences to match exactly what the employer is looking for will make a huge difference for your job search.
Our job search team will assist you with presenting your professional background in the best possible manner and in a format that will be understood and appreciated by New Zealand employers.
Our Licensed Immigration Advisers will play an important role during your job search process. They will liaise with your future employer and with Immigration New Zealand to help you overcome the Catch22 dilemma: You will need a job to apply for a visa and a visa to get a job.
While our job search team will give you their full support from start to finish, but you will have to be an active team player to make the most of your chances in the job market. It will ultimately be up to you to convince your future employer that you are the best candidate for the

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.295662
Retrieved Text: Nobody likes thinking about the hardships that poor ole' Mr. Job endured, do they? No, we don't want to consider the possibility of Christians facing horrible earthly trials or losing everything we have and everyone we know. Such a life is too difficult to swallow, isn't it?
Instead, we want to live in comfort, peace, rest, love. We want to know God... but only the God who promises to build us up and offer us infinite blessings. Not a God who allows the infliction of tremendous difficulties upon His own faithful servants. No, that's not what we signed up for, is it? But that is exactly what God permits in the book of Job.
OK, not only has Job lost just about everything, now Satan has covered his body in disease from head to toe. Not only has his heart been broken by tragedy and terrible loss, Job is now physically living in unbearable pain. In fact, at the end of chapter 2, Job's friends don't even want to talk with him because they see how great he is suffering. How aweful!
Interestingly enough, no matter what has happened to Job, he still chooses to accept God's sovereign reign over his life. No matter who challenges his belief, Job maintains integrity and defends His King's trustworthiness and faithfulness.
Before we move any farther in the study of Job, let's pause today to think about all the difficulties we currently face in our own personal lives and their magnitude compared to Job's challenges. Then, let's consider how we have responded to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.292405
Retrieved Text: This is a guest blog from Anita Awolaja. Anita is a Programme Manager at Kingston Hub (part of the Student Hubs network). She stayed on at Kingston Hub after her first year as a Programme Officer, a role she found through Worthwhile.
Step 1: Really think about what you want for your future, what are you interested in? What do you like? What does your dream job/role look like? What is your dream job?
Step 2: Now that you have established your dream job, understand the skills that job requires. Look at the different job specifications out there and see what education, skills, qualification and experience is needed to do this job.
Step 3: Identify the key things that you find across all the different job specs, e.g. 4 years’ experience in project management, knowledge in Monitoring and Evaluation, leadership skills and Prince II.
Step 4: Look for jobs that will give you the opportunity to gain this experience and develop the necessary skills required. So look for jobs that will give you that knowledge in Monitoring and Evaluation and that will allow you to lead.
Key tip: Hardly anyone likes every single aspect of their job, so when looking, if you at least like 70–80% of it, then you are on the right path.
It is very unlikely that you will have your ‘’dream job’’ from the moment you graduate and that is perfectly fine, your career is all about development. Plus, over time, we tend to change our ideas on what we thought we wanted, so it’s always important to

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.276266
Retrieved Text: What is Postjobsforfreeonline.com? What's in it for me, and can you guarantee it?
Is Postjobsforfreeonline.com only for people looking for jobs?
Can I trust Postjobsforfreeonline.com? Do you really have my best interests in mind, or are you just trying to get me to pay a membership fee?
How do I contact Postjobsforfreeonline.com? How accessible are you?
How do I use search criteria to look for jobs on Postjobsforfreeonline.com?
I'm new to Postjobsforfreeonline.com. How is the advanced search option beneficial to me?
What are the benefits of using Postjobsforfreeonline.com as opposed to competitor sites?
As a recruiter, why should I choose Postjobsforfreeonline.com rather than one of the other job boards when posting my jobs?
Why should I sign up for a membership with Postjobsforfreeonline.com?
Postjobsforfreeonline.com is a job-research service that aggregates every single job it can find in the United States and puts them all in one place. As a job-aggregation service, our primary objective is to find every single job out there.
As a member of Postjobsforfreeonline.com, you have access to jobs that most people do not have access to when they are searching for similar sorts of jobs. While we are centralizing the databases of thousands of online sources, we are also visiting the corporate webpages of most corporations and organizations in the United States and then taking the job openings from there and putting them all in one place. The results are profound: you would never find most of the jobs on our site elsewhere, no matter how hard you looked. Our database took years to develop and is a multimillion-dollar effort that involves

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.270445
Retrieved Text: The very nature of what we do—connecting people to jobs, training and tools that enable them to support themselves, build a sense of pride and contribute to the community—puts social responsibility at our company's core.
Whether you're just entering the workforce, have decided on a career change or looking for a new job, it’s your time to win in the world of work – and ManpowerGroup Solutions can help. We've been a world leader in employment services for more than 60 years, and we know what it's like when looking for a job. That's why our goal is to make the experience better and easier for you. We arm you with everything you need to get a great job – and to succeed. That's why job seekers give us top satisfaction ratings for quality service and our commitment to their success. It’s time to explore the possibilities with ManpowerGroup Solutions.
No matter what stage of life, or whatever the goal, at ManpowerGroup Solutions we get it. We understand that It’s more than just finding a job, it’s about matching people to what they need. So that they can get ahead and more out of life. This is who we are and this is what we do.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.268344
Retrieved Text: What is Atlantamarketingjobs.com? What's in it for me, and can you guarantee it?
Is Atlantamarketingjobs.com only for people looking for jobs?
Can I trust Atlantamarketingjobs.com? Do you really have my best interests in mind, or are you just trying to get me to pay a membership fee?
How do I contact Atlantamarketingjobs.com? How accessible are you?
How do I use search criteria to look for Marketing jobs on Atlantamarketingjobs.com?
I'm new to Atlantamarketingjobs.com. How is the advanced search option beneficial to me?
What are the benefits of using Atlantamarketingjobs.com as opposed to competitor sites?
As a recruiter, why should I choose Atlantamarketingjobs.com rather than one of the other job boards when posting my jobs?
Why should I sign up for a membership with Atlantamarketingjobs.com?
Atlantamarketingjobs.com is a job-research service that aggregates every single Marketing job it can find in the United States and puts them all in one place. As a job-aggregation service, our primary objective is to find every single Marketing job out there.
As a member of Atlantamarketingjobs.com, you have access to jobs that most people do not have access to when they are searching for similar sorts of jobs. While we are centralizing the databases of thousands of online sources, we are also visiting the corporate webpages of most corporations and organizations in the United States and then taking the Marketing job openings from there and putting them all in one place. The results are profound: you would never find most of the jobs on our site elsewhere, no matter how hard you looked. Our database took years to develop and is a

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.268146
Retrieved Text: It may seem like you've hit a wall in your job search. We offer some advice for the job seeker thinking, "Why can't I get a job anywhere?"
We polled our users about their preferences and methods for finding summer jobs. Read the Summer Jobs Poll Results article to see our findings and learn what is important to those seeking seasonal work.
Entry-level travel jobs offer fun and exciting ways to earn money. Read our blog Best Jobs for People Who Love to Travel to find out more.
The steel industry is ever-present and always growing. Read our blog Industry Spotlight: How to Get a Steel Job to find out more about work in this field.
E-commerce has opened up the job market and grocery stores like Kroger have many emerging opportunities. Learn more about this new service and find out What ClickList Means for Kroger Jobs.
Finding a seasonal job can be hard if you don't know where to start. Check out the Seasonal Jobs: Growing Options in E-Commerce blog to explore some new opportunities.
Sending a thank you letter post-interview can help candidates to stand out. Read more about Interview Thank You Letters and how to write them on our blog post.
We researched how to write a good cover letter when applying to an entry-level job. Learn what we found on our blog post about How to Write a Good Cover Letter for an Entry level Job.
Applicants can use a resume to positively stand out in a pool of candidates. Check out our blog post on Entry Level Resumes and

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.268049
Retrieved Text: Stephen W. Smith is the author of Embracing Soul Care and The Lazarus Life, and the cofounder and president of The Potter’s Inn, a ministry providing resources and services in spiritual formation. Here he answers a few questions about his newest book, Inside Job, which challenges leaders to keep themselves emotionally and spiritually healthy in order to thrive in a success-driven world.
What is the meaning behind the title Inside Job?
Our culture has developed a fetish for image management. And sadly, we seem to be shaped more by culture than by God. We value the outside of nearly everything more than we do the inside. The outer markers of success—image, position, money, power, etc.—spike our adrenaline and charge us forward to climb the wrong ladders of success.
How did you personally get pulled into the lure of “success”?
Having never even heard that I needed to do my own inside job when I left college and grad school to begin my career, I swallowed the lure of what I thought success was all about. I developed an addiction to work that was applauded by every organization I worked for in my career. I was hooked—as every addiction hooks a person. It was not until I learned about doing the “work within the work” that I found a wholeness I never knew was possible. It truly was freeing and transformational.
How does Inside Job help leaders find true success?
Inside Job helps leaders navigate the raging whitewater of life. Many leaders are climbing the ladder to success only to realize that their

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.265918
Retrieved Text: What is Managementjobsflorida.com? What's in it for me, and can you guarantee it?
Is Managementjobsflorida.com only for people looking for jobs?
Can I trust Managementjobsflorida.com? Do you really have my best interests in mind, or are you just trying to get me to pay a membership fee?
How do I contact Managementjobsflorida.com? How accessible are you?
How do I use search criteria to look for Florida-based management jobs on Managementjobsflorida.com?
I'm new to Managementjobsflorida.com. How is the advanced search option beneficial to me?
What are the benefits of using Managementjobsflorida.com as opposed to competitor sites?
As a recruiter, why should I choose Managementjobsflorida.com rather than one of the other job boards when posting my jobs?
Why should I sign up for a membership with Managementjobsflorida.com?
Managementjobsflorida.com is a job-research service that aggregates every single Florida-based management job it can find in the United States and puts them all in one place. As a job-aggregation service, our primary objective is to find every single Florida-based management job out there.
As a member of Managementjobsflorida.com, you have access to jobs that most people do not have access to when they are searching for similar sorts of jobs. While we are centralizing the databases of thousands of online sources, we are also visiting the corporate webpages of most corporations and organizations in the United States and then taking the Florida-based management job openings from there and putting them all in one place. The results are profound: you would never find most of the jobs on our site elsewhere, no matter how hard you looked. Our database took years to

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.265042
Retrieved Text: What is ajobinmarketing.com? What's in it for me, and can you guarantee it?
Is ajobinmarketing.com only for people looking for jobs?
Can I trust ajobinmarketing.com? Do you really have my best interests in mind, or are you just trying to get me to pay a membership fee?
How do I contact ajobinmarketing.com? How accessible are you?
How do I use search criteria to look for jobs on ajobinmarketing.com?
I'm new to ajobinmarketing.com. How is the advanced search option beneficial to me?
What are the benefits of using ajobinmarketing.com as opposed to competitor sites?
As a recruiter, why should I choose ajobinmarketing.com rather than one of the other job boards when posting my jobs?
Why should I sign up for a membership with ajobinmarketing.com?
ajobinmarketing.com is a job-research service that aggregates every single job it can find in the United States and puts them all in one place. As a job-aggregation service, our primary objective is to find every single job out there.
As a member of ajobinmarketing.com, you have access to jobs that most people do not have access to when they are searching for similar sorts of jobs. While we are centralizing the databases of thousands of online sources, we are also visiting the corporate webpages of most corporations and organizations in the United States and then taking the job openings from there and putting them all in one place. The results are profound: you would never find most of the jobs on our site elsewhere, no matter how hard you looked. Our database took years to develop and is a multimillion-dollar effort that involves

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.259694
Retrieved Text: Last fall I traveled to Philadelphia to meet up with several colleagues at a downtown hotel. At check-in, I received a room key emblazoned with the image of a specialty cocktail. After pocketing the key, I grabbed my bag, and headed toward the elevators. In the elevator lobby I noticed signage featuring the same cocktail. Upon entering the elevator, yet another promotional image of the cocktail greeted me.
"Our specialty cocktails are usually seasonal since our bartenders tend to use fresh ingredients that aren't available all year round. Unfortunately, sometimes our printers can't keep up."
I was a bit surprised by the response and couldn't decide if I was being admonished for failing to appreciate the bespoke nature of their seasonal cocktail offerings or if the printers were to blame. Either way, besides a complete lack of empathy and a failure to accept responsibility for being unable to offer the specialty drink showcased, the glaring omission in the response was the lack of initiative, interest, and creativity to explore possibilities in hopes of discovering a comparable substitute.
Another colleague, who traveled in from St. Louis, was looking forward to enjoying a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich during our one night in town. When he didn't spot it on the menu, he was confused and asked the waiter if the restaurant served the city's famous sandwich. He was told that the sandwich was available on the lunch menu but not the dinner menu.
Now this was a sophisticated urban hotel with a professional full-service kitchen. It's not beyond the realm of possibility to

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.257584
Retrieved Text: Finding a job must not be a full-time job!
We understand that changing jobs are never easy, but with our extensive industry knowledge & countless employer contacts we can help you to find the right job opportunity.
1st AIM Recruiting provides a permanent & contract recruitment service matching the best talent with available job vacancies.
At 1st AIM Recruiting we do not just tick boxes, we make it out business to understand the needs of both candidate and employer to find the perfect match. Our recruiter’s commitment is to support you every step of the way, providing clear and honest feedback to help you maximise your chances in landing your next big job!
All the available vacancies we have are posted on our website. If for some reason you do not find what you are looking for, please submit you’re CV and register for our job alerts.
1st AIM Recruiting is an independent family owned recruitment agency, with more than 10 years’ experience of providing a high quality talent sourcing and recruitment service to candidates and employers nationwide.
What job sectors do we cover?
Be Pro-Active! Let Your Next Job Find You!
If you were waiting for the perfect time to seize a new job opportunity, the time is now!
Sign-up for FREE, create your profile, submit your CV and register for job alerts!
The benefits of using a recruitment agency are huge for job seekers.
From support & feedback to job negotiations, here are just a few benefits that stand out for us!
Recruitment agencies have direct access to a wider variety of opportunities and are usually

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.249354
Retrieved Text: What is Michiganmarketingjobs.com? What's in it for me, and can you guarantee it?
Is Michiganmarketingjobs.com only for people looking for jobs?
Can I trust Michiganmarketingjobs.com? Do you really have my best interests in mind, or are you just trying to get me to pay a membership fee?
How do I contact Michiganmarketingjobs.com? How accessible are you?
How do I use search criteria to look for Marketing jobs on Michiganmarketingjobs.com?
I'm new to Michiganmarketingjobs.com. How is the advanced search option beneficial to me?
What are the benefits of using Michiganmarketingjobs.com as opposed to competitor sites?
As a recruiter, why should I choose Michiganmarketingjobs.com rather than one of the other job boards when posting my jobs?
Why should I sign up for a membership with Michiganmarketingjobs.com?
Michiganmarketingjobs.com is a job-research service that aggregates every single Marketing job it can find in the United States and puts them all in one place. As a job-aggregation service, our primary objective is to find every single Marketing job out there.
As a member of Michiganmarketingjobs.com, you have access to jobs that most people do not have access to when they are searching for similar sorts of jobs. While we are centralizing the databases of thousands of online sources, we are also visiting the corporate webpages of most corporations and organizations in the United States and then taking the Marketing job openings from there and putting them all in one place. The results are profound: you would never find most of the jobs on our site elsewhere, no matter how hard you looked. Our database took years to develop and is a

================



======= Instance Index 22645 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: She told me there 's this lawyer that seems not bad and all , not attached , I just told her , " But I ' m attached . " She asked who , and I said , someone much younger , with a very good heart . Immediately after , everyone crowded round the table , and started interrogating me about him .
Question: Where am I ?
Options: 
- I am in a restaurant with my lawyer .
 - None of the above choices .
 - I am in a crowded shop buying a table .
 - I am with my friends around a table .

Target Text: I am with my friends around a table .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.841837
Retrieved Text: I am from the city of summer all year around, where humidity and hospitality come for free. From where the scent of flour tortillas play your morning alarm.
I am from the single parent household where my mother played both roles.
From where her absence in are youth gave us the chance of growth.
I am from the tables full of food at the usual weekend gathering.
From where we savor the glory of my big brother’s fresh cat fish catch.
I am from the routine party’s that left countless memories.
From where your aunts and your uncles are telling the same stories.
I am from the overwhelming loss of burying my brother.
From where prayer helped me heal when I felt I would not prevail.
I am from where loss brings you closer as a family.
From where we were close and grew closer in the face of tragedy.
From red sad faces and suspensions from school.
From where you hear behave yourself as you walk out the door.
I am from where discipline came with a side of spankings with the sandal.
From where my brother and I would take turns on who would take the blame.
I am from where childhood fun always landed me in trouble.
From where sunsets and palm trees are everywhere in sight.
I am from where the best place for father son bonding happens on a beach.
From where there is a fishing rod in my hand and sand in my toes.
I am from where you can get to eat for free as long as you have skill.
Edgar Juarez is 29 years old from Brownsville, TX.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.821415
Retrieved Text: Another in an ongoing series of reflections of life as recorded by Jan Landy on 10/22/2015 while driving in my car from where I am to where I am going.
Waking up from a coma or no one gets back to me.
Another in an ongoing series of reflections of life as recorded by Jan Landy on 10/14/2015 while driving in my car from where I am to where I am going.
Another in an ongoing series of reflections of life as recorded by Jan Landy on 10/06/2015 while driving in my car from where I am to where I am going.
Another in an ongoing series of reflections of life as recorded by Jan Landy on 10/02/2015 while driving in my car from where I am to where I am going.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.7794
Retrieved Text: I haven’t lived here in a long time.
I *haven’t* lived here in a long time.
I haven’t lived here in a *long time*.
I haven’t lived *here* in a long time.
I haven’t *lived* here in a long time.
*I* haven’t lived here in a long time.
I want to live where I am for a long time.
I want to *live* where I am for a long time.
I *want* to live where I am for a long time.
I want to live *where I am* for a long time.
I want to live where I am for a *long time*.
*I want to live* where I am for a long time.
This entry was posted in Poetry and tagged life, poetry, rebuilding, transition. Bookmark the permalink.
Breathe it all in. Enjoy.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.766533
Retrieved Text: And yet, I am certain that I am lost.
And yet, I am definite that I have no knowledge of tomorrow.
And yet, I have no notion where I came from.
I am here, now in the present, happy, smiling.
Somewhere, where I have always dreaded to walk.
To somewhere, where I don’t know what awaits.
I know not. I am simply walking.
I have no ounce of energy to walk anymore.
No iota of inspiration to walk.
And yet, I am walking.
I am walking to an endless space.
Where there are only painful stones.
But all I doing is walking, walking, walking…..
PS: I am sorry to be away from all of you. I will be back to all your posts very soon. I will. I am just a little screwed up right now.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.699852
Retrieved Text: I feel safe, I feel warm when you're here. Then I do no wrong. I am cured, when I'm by your side. I'm alright, alright. I am safe, when I am with you. And I feel warm, If you want me too. I am cured, when I'm by your side. I'm alright. Careful where you stand, My love. Careful where. you lay your head. It's true we're always looking out for one another. I feel safe, when I am with you. I feel warm, when you want me too. I am cured when you are around. I'm alright. Careful where you stand, My love. Careful where you lay your head. It's true we're always looking out for one another. So I'd like a quiet time please. Yeah, I'd like a quiet time. Careful where you stand. Now, careful where you stand.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.680889
Retrieved Text: Here’s one that is sure to stump you….Where Am I?
Here’s a bit of a blast from the past, me doing my best Vanna White impression….Where Am I?
Just for fun, Where Am I?
Never let it be said that Kerri and I do not follow directions.
with a little game I am calling “Where Am I?” where I post a photo and caption and wait for the right answer. Some have been answered correctly, most not. Try your luck, drop by any of the three above pages and render a guess.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.575669
Retrieved Text: A popular episode! I didn't script this one at all before recording…can you tell?
I am clear on who I am. I am clear on what I want. I am clear on where I’m headed.
I am clear on the influencers in my life. I am clear on those who will not be influencing me in my life. I am clear on how to weigh out an opinion and things I want to change in my life, things I don’t want to change in my life.
I am clear on establishing my goals and reaching for them. I am clear on relationships I’d like to nurture. I am clear on relationships that have run their course. I am clear on where I want to be financially. I am clear on where I want to be relationally. I am clear on where I want to be spiritually.
I know what my personal goals are. I know what my personal aspirations are. I know what my professional goals are. I know what my professional aspirations are. I am aware of what I need to do to get to where I want to be. I am aware of the distractions. I am aware of the barriers. I am aware of the people, places, and things that can get me into some setbacks.
But I also know how to work around them. I also know how to change course. I also know how to pivot. I also know how to be clear and how to be clear in my life, in my thoughts, in my

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.571906
Retrieved Text: Jesus answered, “Yes, I am saying these things about myself. But people can believe what I say, because I know where I came from. And I know where I am going. But you don’t know where I came from or where I am going.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.567345
Retrieved Text: Watch and enjoy "Cake Pop Finger Family Collection" nursery rhymes for children. "Watch Our Elephant Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEiGNzWpliw "Watch Our Ice cream Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnVyVGtkGb8 "Watch Our Lollipop Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ssD4ZsULlA "Watch Our Lion Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6F3pucNzE4 "Watch Our Pig Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkA1bf4Jv1U "Watch Our Monster Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72bLUmmW-I4 "Watch Our Pumpkin Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR27w42Q7gM "Watch our Apple Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9gEe-Rb2kg "Watch our Tomato Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_v879QE1RU "Watch our Ice Cream Candy Finger Family Nursery Rhyme" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCFXxZX0rO0 Lyrics: Daddy finger, daddy finger, where are you? Here I am, here I am. How do you do? Mommy finger, Mommy finger, where are you? Here I am, here I am. How do you do? Brother finger, Brother finger, where are you? Here I am, here I am. How do you do? Sister finger, Sister finger, where are you? Here I am, here I am. How do you do? Baby finger, Baby finger, where are you? Here I am, here I am. How do you do?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.504451
Retrieved Text: E                              E7But dont you know that I know now?
E                                             E7But dont you feel alone, when youre with me now?
Am                                       Look to the sky, you can see me falling.
F                   E            Am     F E Falling for you, oh I must be in love.
F                 E         Am          F Ecalling to you to say I had enough.
E                       E7And I know Im not

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.497898
Retrieved Text: John 8:22 The people asked, “Is he planning to commit suicide? What does he mean, ‘You cannot come where I am going’?” This made the Jews ask, “Will he kill himself? Is that why he says, ‘Where I go, you cannot come’?” The Jews said, “So, is he going to kill himself? Is that what he means by ‘You can’t come with me’?” So the Jews were saying, “Surely He will not kill Himself, will He, since He says, ‘Where I am going, you cannot come’?” Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come. So the Jews asked, “Will he kill himself? Is that why he said, ‘You cannot come where I am going’?” The Jews therefore said, Will he kill himself, that he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come? So the Jews were asking [among themselves], “Will He kill Himself? Is that why He says, ‘Where I am going, you cannot come’?” This so confused the Jewish leaders that they began to say, “Is he planning to commit suicide? What’s he talking about—‘You won’t be able to come where I am going’?” So the Jews said, "Will he kill himself, since he says, 'Where I am going, you cannot come'?"
The Jews therefore said, Will he kill himself, that he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come?
So the Jews said, "Will he kill himself, since he says, 'Where I am going, you cannot come'?"

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.446909
Retrieved Text: That’s how old I am turning today, like 2 years away from 40, 38.
In all honesty, I am not afraid of aging, and I have my mom to thank for that. She has made aging fun and instilled in me a firm belief it is just a number.
That I wasn’t “far enough” in life for being 38. Like there is this magical place called “far enough” and I should be living there with my house, 4 kids, dog, horses, and husband.
That my failure parenting is directly linked to the fact that I am three years into parenting an only child and I am still uncomfortable in my skin with it. That Isaac and I live in a limbo of not enough because there should always be just more than one.
That I am failing on a level of life because the stability of my childhood is clearly lacking in my presentdayhood. ( I know that’s not a word, I just made it up because it makes a good point).
Know what I figured out today?
Childhood is a box I am still using to judge the value of my presentdayhood against and it isn’t fair to me. Where I once lived and where I live presently don’t share enough common ground to be placed upon the scales of life to see if they carry the same worth. Where I once one was awesome and where I am today is awesome. There is no greater, better or best.
Living life isn’t always about recreating what you once had. It can be

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.40668
Retrieved Text: I am not real sure where I am right now. Am I sitting in this chair, moving my fingers along the keyboard, and listening the words of those around me. Or am I far away, where no one can see me, floating calmly through this world but never actually touching it. Or am I real, but still not seen. Where am I? And why can’t I feel myself.
It isn’t very often that I go through life floating. It isn’t very often that I can sit in place and not feel real. In one way, I am almost lucky to have a disease that doesn’t allow for me to ever be alone. In some ways the torture of a mind that does not sit still and constantly drives me to madness, allows for me to never sit and contemplate the reality of my own being. If some voice is speaking to me, doesn’t that mean I am real.
I am in pain. Pain has an amazing way of making me non bi-polar. Almost as if the physical pain, when great enough, simply can’t be ignored through the emotional pain. I rarely if ever actually feel physical pain.
So today I sit in this bright room, looking around and not really seeing, not really hearing the dull words, not really paying attention to the air moving or the wind blowing. I sit here lost in the honest pain that takes my will, my nerve, and all of my concentration to hide. It takes all of my strength to hide the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.3964405
Retrieved Text: I am currently in my senior year at the University of Arkansas, where I am studying special education. I am passionate about education and helping students reach their full potential, no matter the barriers they face.
I am currently doing my student teaching in an elementary school where I work with K-5 students on reading writing and math. Additionally, through my coursework, I have significant experience developing one-on-one interventions with struggling students.
I am a student intern in a special education resource classroom where I design and implement interventions for students struggling with reading, writing, and math.
Taught a high school class for students focusing on job readiness.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.384054
Retrieved Text: How do we mix culture, ethnicity, and diversity into education? How do we allow kids to explore each others’ differences with an open mind and an open heart? These are challenging questions that take a lifetime to explore.
The first step towards cultural understanding is to understand your own background. As I have explored my own thoughts and experiences, I have realized that I lack a connection to my own roots. I am a person without strong cultural ties to my ancestors. I am a mix of so many different ethnicities, and yet I know very little about any of them. Many people, like me, lack cultural ties. I wonder, if we don’t feel a connection to our own cultural identity, how are we able to understand the cultural identity of others? I would like to share a poem I wrote about a year ago about my own culture and identity. Writing this poem taught me more than I could have imagined, and I would like to invite you to write your own poem, and would love for you to share it.
I am a mix of English, Polish, Moldavian, Ukrainian, German, and Scotch-Irish.
I am Jewish by heritage, by personality, and by culture.
I am from my English grandmother.
I am from my Jewish grandparents, and I know what my ancestors have suffered due to discrimination.
I am from people who lived through the Holocaust, people who were discriminated against in the worst way, because of their culture, their beliefs, and their appearance.
I am Caucasian, I am from a group that

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.37885
Retrieved Text: #John14_9 - Jesus answered: "Don't you know me, Philip, even after I have been among you such a long time? Anyone who has seen me has seen the Father. How can you say, 'Show us the Father'?"
2 My Father's house has plenty of room; if that were not so, would I have told you that I am going there to prepare a place for you?
4 "You know the way to the place where I am going."
5 Thomas said to him, "Lord, we don't know where you are going, so how can we know the way?"
6 Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
2 In My Father's house there are many dwelling places (homes). If it were not so, I would have told you; for I am going away to prepare a place for you.
3 And when (if) I go and make ready a place for you, I will come back again and will take you to Myself, that where I am you may be also.
4 And [to the place] where I am going, you know the way.
5 Thomas said to Him, Lord, we do not know where You are going, so how can we know the way?
6 Jesus said to him, I am the Way and the Truth and the Life; no one comes to the Father except by (through) Me.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.378814
Retrieved Text: I am starting to understand where my hands go. What my mind is looking for when I am painting. I am sure I find my own time while I am using colors, and it's only a matter of what i want to say. I feel alone with the colors and the imagination in a world full of desire. This is something beautiful. I feel good.
I am starting to understand where my hands go. What my mind is looking for when I am painting.
I am sure I find my own time while I am using colors, and it's only a matter of what i want to say.
I feel alone with the colors and the imagination in a world full of desire.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.371888
Retrieved Text: Lately I've been coming across one situation that upsets me a lot, but out of fear of sounding superficial, I've kept it to myself. It's such a "first world problem", but it really bothers me. I think I'm finally ready to openly talk about it, regardless of how bratty it may sound. So, let's dive right into it.
I constantly feel like I am forced to dumb down my identity to fit into the mental schema of a stranger who wants to know where I'm from. Wait, let me correct that: to fit into the mental schema of a stranger who thinks he/she knows where I'm from (or should be from, based on the color of my skin and the parts of my body I chose to cover).
This has been going on for a long time, but it didn't start to really bother me until Spring 2016. I was enrolled in an English class in my undergraduate institution. We were broken into pairs of three and were editing each other's papers. Instead of focusing on the assignment, though, my two partners decided to take the time to talk about the latest sports gossip, followed my fulfilling their curiosity by asking me where I'm from. In response, this is what I was about to say: I'm from Pakistan, but I was born in an American compound and mostly raised there, and I moved around a lot growing up. I've lived in Saudi, England, Italy, Jordan, and now the US. What I actually ended up saying (because he interrupted

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.3679905
Retrieved Text: I Do NOT Want to be HERE!
How Does Acknowledging Where You Are Allow You to Move Forward?
How much of your time do you spend lamenting, “I do NOT want to be HERE!” ?
It’s perfectly natural to want to be somewhere else (or even be someone else) when we hurt. We just don’t want to feel what we feel when it isn’t pleasant… especially when we don’t know how to start feeling better.
A deep tension grows as we keep our focus on the unmet wish that things were different. We develop a strong avoidance of what our feelings are right NOW. And while it is a natural reaction to shy away from suffering, what we resist… persists. It’s the resistance (not the pain) that keeps us stuck right where we are.
When you do this to yourself, what you are doing is insisting, “I am NOT okay where I am!” And that may be absolutely true.
However, this insistent message tells your primitive brain to sound the red alert: IT IS FRIGHTENING AND DANGEROUS HERE!!! Your primitive brain commands your entire body-mind to: RUN! FIGHT! HIDE!
Can you see that those intense red alert signals are helpful in cases where you need to immediately flee a tornado, fight off an attacker, or hide from a threat?
Can you also see that this red alert stress response is counter-productive when the “threat” is a chronic condition (whether physical disease or financial distress or relationship challenge)?
– I can’t survive like this!
– I must deserve this.
You are in essence resisting yourself… trying not to

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.365353
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "It's on the left.", "It's on the right.", "It's on the first floor.", or "It's on the second floor." in Japanese!
Words Covered : It's On The Left., It's On The Right., It's On The First Floor., It's On The Second Floor..
Words Covered : It's On The Left., It's On The Right., It's On The First Floor., It's On The Second Floor., More Than 100 Miles., More Than 2,000 Kilometers., The Bar Is Close To The Library., It's Near The Library..
Words Covered : It's On The Left., It's On The Right., It's On The First Floor., It's On The Second Floor., More Than 100 Miles., More Than 2,000 Kilometers., The Bar Is Close To The Library., It's Near The Library., It's On The First Street And To Your Left., I Am On My Way To Second Street., I Am In The Café., Let's Go..
Words Covered : It's On The Left., It's On The Right., It's On The First Floor., It's On The Second Floor., More Than 100 Miles., More Than 2,000 Kilometers., The Bar Is Close To The Library., It's Near The Library., It's On The First Street And To Your Left., I Am On My Way To Second Street., I Am In The Café., Let's Go., I'm Near The Library., Is It Near The Supermarket?, Where Are You?, I Can Tell You Where I Am Near..
Words Covered : It's On The Left., It's On The Right., It's On The First Floor., It's On The Second Floor., More Than 100 Miles., More Than

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.360868
Retrieved Text: Supposed to be in India?
Just because I desire to be in India and I supposed that at this point I would be, for reasons unknown, I’m not supposed to be there right now. Not really, or else I would be. God knows where I am supposed to be right now, and that’s where I am. He knows it’s -6 degrees, and he knows I pretty much feel homeless right now (thankfully that’s not totally true in this weather!).
Though I don’t necessarily know where I will be 2 months or 2 years from now, He does. And wherever I am, He will be there too. When I follow the Lord, I can trust that I am exactly where I’m supposed to be.
Praying for God to give you perfect peace, direction, and provision, sister!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.338163
Retrieved Text: Today I Am grateful for a day of absolutely exquisite weather.
I Am also grateful for having the ability to take little naps when I needed them.
I Am grateful as well for sharing movies like Attack of the Killer Tomatoes and Star Wars with David, and the boys sharing two episodes of A Series of Unfortunate Events with me, as well as sharing music by artists such as Joe Jackson, AC/DC and Led Zeppelin.
I Am grateful further for the one time I was able to be where I needed to be when I needed to be there.
Finally I Am grateful for all of the other times today where I was reminded about what I needed to put in place next time so I can be where I need to be when I need to be there.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.329365
Retrieved Text: thank your for visiting my site.
My name is Igor Benić and I am a Web Developer working @ perceptiveinteractive.com where I am working on a complex application using front end technologies.
When I am not working at my company I am developing WordPress themes and plugins.
I am situated in Rijeka, Croatia where I spend my free time mostly with my girlfriend.
I love spending time in nature and everything that is connected to spirituality which helps me a lot in personal life and also in professional life.
I have started learning about web development back when I was still a student. I have learned about web design and using Photoshop. After that I wanted to learn how to code so I have started reading a lot of tutorials. When I had enough knowledge to know how to build a simple HTML website from PSD, I wanted to learn how to build dynamic websites such as blogs.
I could not imagine that someone would open HTML files and edit them there so I started searching for dynamic websites and how to build them. I stumbled upon Lynda.com and there I have passed two courses from Kevin Skoglund where I have learned what is PHP, MySQL and what is Object Oriented Programming.
From there on I have played around with various tasks or projects I have given myself so I could learn more and progress. After a while I have stumbled upon WordPress and I loved it from the first install.
Today I am using WordPress for various projects where I build themes and/or

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.328123
Retrieved Text: I am a quiet, honest, and serious person. I am a hard worker, once given a task, giving up is not an option. I am intelligent and can work without the need of constant supervision. I do not work on Sundays for church related reasons. I like to read, write, bike, and play videogames as well.
I have experience with working with others, as well as helping an talking to customers.
I have experience in multiple types of jobs, so i complete any job i am given.
What kind of iob I am looking for, and what I want to get out of it.
I am looking for a job where I can make minimum wage at least, I can clean, stock, talk to customers, manage orders, and if needed be in charge. I would prefer it if I am working Ina job where I help customers as to get more experience working with people. The reason I want a job is to have more things to list on my resume, but more importantly I want to save for college where I plan to work towards becoming a historian.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.322252
Retrieved Text: I am a pacific islander and I really love for my hair to be braided,however, I am tired of having the same styles as evryone.can you give me images so I am the only one with the unique braided styles?
I am giving you links of a website which have many Pictures Of Braids For African American. Please visit these website and enjoy.
What Do Zeus Symbol Stand For And Where Can I Find Picture Of The Symbol?
Can I See Pictures Of Black Kids' Braiding Styles?
Where Can I Find Pictures Of Braided Pressed Mohawks For Kids At?
Where Do I Find Pictures Of Black Hairstyles, Braids?
where can i find pictures of long haircuts for women over 50?
Are Zillion Braids The Same As Micro's? Where Can I See Pics Of Zillion Braids?
Can You Show Me A Picture Of Corkscrew Braids?
Should Micro Braids Be Cut Into A Bob Hairstyle?
Will Swimming In A Chlorinated Pool Kill Lice And Nits?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.32075
Retrieved Text: I grew up in Clarkesville Georgia. In May 2010 I graduated from Truett-McConnell College with my Bachelors in Business. My heart has always been to help people and to serve the Lord. I am excited to serve at EWYR and get the opportunity to pour into the lives of others and to share with them the joy and peace I have found in Father God. Without whom I have nothing and am nothing.
This will be the first time I will have served the Lord for an entire summer, and I am looking forward to growing and serving this summer at Eagles’ Wings Camp. I enjoy drawing, four-wheeling, cooking, and being a friend to others. I have always wanted to ride a horse at full speed, and currently I am trying to train my body for my dream sport – archery. I am a freshman in college and will be attending New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary in the fall of 2016 to study Psychology and Counseling.
I attend Jones County Junior College where I am planning to transfer to Mississippi State University for an Electrical Engineering Degree. I am from Gulfport, Mississippi where I attend Michael Memorial Baptist Church. I enjoy soccer, Ultimate Frisbee, and playing worship music on my guitar. I can’t wait to use the talents God gave me for his glory at Eagle’s Wings Youth Ranch.
I am a senior at Corner High! I’m from a small town called Corner, Alabama where I was born and raised to say Roll Tide! I enjoy playing tennis, hiking,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.320641
Retrieved Text: I am an Alaskan Malamute. The secret of where I first came from is hidden deep in the blizzard snows of the polar ice, and there is where it will stay. Modern man has no idea where I came from, and the ancient Mahlemut Indians that worked to develop my breed will not reveal the secret.
I will tell you that I am a breed that loves man beyond even my own understanding. I am one that has a sense of humor, I find joy in work that causes other breeds to cringe. Some humans think that I am stubborn, and therefore not very smart, but I am one of the most intelligent dogs in the world. I have often used my brain and humor to frustrate my human friends, but if you take the time to understand me and my independence,you will find out how smart I really am. If I sound as if I am bragging, I'm not. I do not believe in false modesty, nor any other falsehoods, I do not know how to lie. You will see in my eyes the kind of honesty that men can only hope to find.
When you fully comprehend the Aurora Borealis; then will you understand me............. I am Alaskan Malamute.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.311359
Retrieved Text: I like to hike and I often hike alone. This sobering article is making me start thinking about how to be more safe when I am alone whether hiking or traveling.
I try to always carry a whistle when I hike. I feel like I could maybe summon help with it depending on the circumstances.
I try to be very aware of my surroundings and who is nearby. Do they look like they could be a problem? A stranger approached me at the beginning of a hike once and was way too friendly. I did not want him knowing where I was going, so I ducked into the women's bathroom and waited until he was gone.
I bring my trekking poles along because I love them but also because I think they might be a bit useful as a weapon.
I hike on trails where I am not too isolated.
I try to be knowledgeable about where I am going so I don't get lost. And I try to make sure someone knows where I am going.
I couldn't read the article (paywall). But seems reasonable precautions are being taken. What I consider perhaps most important of all, is situational awareness, it can be applied anywhere by anyone, once learned to make it a habit.
Very interesting website. I read through a couple of the posts there and they were very useful.
I am glad this helped. It's just the search terms I used that brought it up, I did nothing special!
The New York Times article you posted is frightening - but I won't

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.311073
Retrieved Text: I keep only two mental snapshots of myself: where I am and where I want to be in life.
The only two points that matter when getting directions are the starting point and the destination. As long as I know where I am and where I am headed, I can block out any other mental images.
There is no need for me to focus on the past. Dwelling on the past keeps me from moving ahead. I can’t drive forward while looking through the rearview mirror.
Whether my past was filled with victories or defeats, it is the past. My past victories help to strengthen my confidence. Yesterday’s failures taught me valuable life lessons.
Yet, my eyes are set on the present because I allow the light of possibility to shine in.
My attention is never set on the path of others. When I understand that I have my own journey to enjoy, I stop comparing myself to others. Comparison slows down progress and breeds envy.
I feel proud of what I have been able to accomplish. Hard work and determination have gotten me to this point, and my life is filled with blessings.
Although I am blessed to be where I am, I do not want to stop here. I want to move forward because my calling is greater than anything I have ever done.
I have a clear vision of where I want to be. My goal is to live the best life that I was created to live. Positive thoughts and a heart full of faith will help me reach my

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.306231
Retrieved Text: Before I begin my post this was a Writer’s Workshop idea from almost 2 weeks ago, I was intrigued by the idea so I wrote my own Where I’m From.
I am from lots of tomatoes and bananas because that is what my parents could afford, from the land of Hershey chocolate and the Abigail, my Cabbage Patch doll who still resides in my somewhere in my house.
I am from the house next to dam with lots of green grass and an apartment in a house that had three floors with a spooky door that intrigued me. I am from a house that had a magical forest we never roamed and a giant side yard where we played cricket and learned our Rainbow ritualistic work. I am from the hill way in the back with a metal fence where I sled and broke my leg.
I am from the black walnut tree that splattered walnuts onto the driveway – such the mess and the tomatoes my Great Uncle fertilized while we were at my aunt’s wedding. We had tomatoes coming out of our ears the summer of ’88.
I am from eating olives and white salad at family reunions at the farm with the Willow trees. Photography, family history, always having chocolate, coffee, obscure driving, Word Power and a faith in God from Uncle Corky, Grandpa and John.
I am from talking a lot and a Masonic tradition something I passed on to my oldest. I am from big hips, thighs, and butts, and thick hair.
From “You have long legs,”

================



======= Instance Index 13102 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: 7 july : checked in at registration ; upgraded registration to super - expensive so i could keep travel partner company at the fancy - pants dinner that night . stressed about not having appropriate clothing or receipt for expense report . decided it was immaterial .
Question: what was the event for ?
Options: 
- a crochet convention
 - it was a dodgeball tournament
 - a volleyball jamboree
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: None of the above choices .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 10.868764
Retrieved Text: Was the event open to the public? If so, how did this alter the dynamics at play at the event?
How would the atmosphere at the event best be described? I.e. was it more relaxed or tense?
Where was the event located? How did this affect the purpose of the event?
How does the specific time period of the event contribute to its place in the history of studies of climate change, pollution, health, and/or society?
What was its format (e.g. press conference, lecture)? Did this format help or hinder the purpose of the event?
Who organized the event, and what role do they play in the community at large?
What significance does this event have for studie sof climate change, pollution, health, and/or society?
Who attended the event? What does this say about the community dynamics at play?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.804444
Retrieved Text: One of the key aspects of leadership that I have always found to be invaluable is that of the Post Event debrief. Not just a slap on the back if it was a successful event or a slap on the wrist if it wasn’t, but rather a methodical analysis of all aspects of the event. Here is a list I brainstormed a few years back to help me understand all the aspects of an event that required debrief and analysis. Now we didn’t always debrief this thoroughly at Nowra City Church as some events simple don’t require this level of analysis, but on major events, these are the things we would look at. I post this here as a resource for church leadership. I encourage you to share it with church leaders you know as it might be a good resource for them.
Was the message effectively communicated?
Did we use the right media to communicate to the right people?
Was the length of the communication campaign too long, too short or just right.
Did we hear buzz about the event prior?
Was the marketing budget adhered to?
Was there a call to action in the marketing?
How are we measuring if it was effective?
Was this the best tool to use in marketing this type of event?
Was enough time given for setup?
Did we feed the setup team?
Did we appreciate the setup team?
Were there any issues with setup that we need to learn from?
Can we identify at least one stuff up that made the setup difficult?
Was this an accurate timeline?
Do we have an allocated

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.678413
Retrieved Text: * 1. How likely is it that you would recommend the entertainment event to a friend or family member?
* 2. Overall, how would you rate the entertainment event?
* 3. How would you rate the value for the money of the entertainment event?
* 4. How unique was the event?
* 5. Do you think the entertainment event was too long, too short, or about right?
* 6. How organized was the entertainment event?
* 7. How clean was the entertainment event?
* 8. How friendly was the staff?
* 9. How helpful was the staff?
* 10. How safe did you feel at the entertainment event?
* 11. Prior to the entertainment event, how much of the information that you needed did you get?
* 12. How would you rate the act/entertainment at event?
* 13. How would you rate the venue/location?
* 14. What did you like about the entertainment event? What did you dislike about the entertainment event?
* 15. Is there anything else you’d like to share about the entertainment event?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.673926
Retrieved Text: It was wonderful! I'm very pleased!It was good/It met my expectations.It was OK. Nothing spectacular.It fell short of my expectations.
How was the information provided at the event?
How would you change the information presented?
Please describe briefly what type of information the event should include, exclude, or change.
What did you think about the event setup?
It was great.It was good.It could use some changes.
Location, parking, directional signs, decor.
What would you change about the event setup?
Did you find the event entertaining?
Yes, I had a blast!Yes, I had fun.It was OK.Not really.No.
What did you like best/least about the event entertainment?
Did our staff make you feel welcome?
Would you attend another UT event in the future or recommend one to a friend?
How was the communication about the event handled?
Invitations, pre-event information, informational materials given at event.
How can we make our event communications better?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.662066
Retrieved Text: Event engagement doesn’t have to be hard – but it is something that has to be well planned and executed even before the event begins. Yes, event engagement begins prior to the day of your event.
What is event engagement? Event engagement is what drives your event. It is what motivates and encourages attendees before the event, it is what keeps attendees interested throughout your event, and it is what delights attendees after your event.
MeetingPlay is not just an event app company, and we’re not just an event registration company – we are a company truly focused on building live engagement solutions. One of the best ways we help our clients build engagement is through our unique pre-event engagement offers. Enter our Word Cloud.
Recently, we helped a premier client optimize their event’s engagement utilizing pre-event engagement techniques as well as our on-site event social wall feature.
Attendees were encouraged to download the event app prior to the event, but keeping them engaged with a mobile event app in a world where our phones have a hundred other apps is never easy. By simply executing this call to action, attendees were effectively adopting the event app, as well as engaging with other event attendees, prior to the actual event.
Answers to “...what does leadership mean to you?” included example, influence, trust, and inspiration. From these simple one word answers, MeetingPlay was able to help our client build an event word cloud that was presented during the opening session of the event. Our client’s event word cloud presentation was then displayed

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.477986
Retrieved Text: We look back at the past community event in an interview with Flufferpope. Read it here!
On December 10, all three of Uncle Frost’s Helpers were successfully rescued by more than 100 players who took part in the Hide and Seek Holiday Event. After the event had ended, I met with FlufferPope, one of the organizers of the event. We talked about the planning, organization, and execution of their first community-run project.
Urza: How many people were involved in the event’s organization and when did you start working on it?
FlufferPope: We were a group of five who planned and organized the event. We came together in early November but the actual planning for this event started at the end of November once we knew what event we wanted to do.
Urza: What was your job?
FlufferPope: I lead the planning, organization, and running of the event. As I call it: I sit back and tell people what to do. Lol! But no, really, I mostly managed people. I made sure we got the next Helper in place at the right time, I made sure announcements went out quickly enough during the event and I directed the people recording the event.
Urza: Why did you decide to do a hide and seek event?
FlufferPope: We wanted to do an event in the open world that would bring in a lot of PvP. When we were tossing around a lot of event ideas, one of us jokingly said to do a holiday event. We thought it would be a cool story to say some

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.468252
Retrieved Text: A few weeks ago, we had the privilege to attend an amazing event, Ashley Sievert Gives Back, honoring Nika. She is a Haitian born beauty who has fought all of the odds. Ashley was able to raise over $10k for Nika and her caregiver, Sarah, to help relieve some of the cost that has went into her medical needs. You can read more about this miracle baby HERE.
Can I just brag again on this gorgeous woman, Ashley Sievert?!?!! Not only is her makeup the best ever #forreal, she is genuinely kindhearted, outrageously talented, and excellent at all that she does. We had the best time celebrating the life of Nika in NOLA. And, how amazing are these classic black and white pictures taken by HD Photobooth Co. I loveee.
Well, now, let me share with you my prince charming, my forever man crush, my best friend: Michael. He was my date for this black and white event so why not pretend to be the bride and groom for the night. I had to share some goofy pictures of us because this portrays so much of our relationship #neveradullmoment #18yearsstrong.
My dress was courtesy of Azazie. They design custom dresses for weddings and events at an affordable price. I just sent over the measurements, and voila, this dress arrived in less than 3 weeks and fit perfectly. I would highly recommend them to you for any of your future events or even your wedding.
What a fun event. Your dress is gorgeous!
This look is gorgeous!!! I have never heard about

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.465466
Retrieved Text: Everyone seems to be an event organiser these days. You can’t walk down a street or pop into a shop without seeing various flyers, leaflets or notices advertising events. Our industry has never been so buoyant. But at many events the professional event organisers seem to be missing.
Over the last couple of months I’ve snapped a few flyers for events that I’ve seen in both the UK and Spain. These types of events would no doubt be replicated all over the world as organisations, companies, communities and groups use the power of live communications to further their particular agenda.
As you can see from the above flyer the event was organised by four different organisations. I wonder, who within those organisations was actually organising the event? And what event organising experience and / or qualifications did they have? It is likely that the event would have been put together by “general” staff, or perhaps volunteers.
Here’s the Bank of Scotland organising a “half day workshop” Again, I wonder, has the event been put together by an events professional?
My third example is from Barcelona.
Demonstration against new hotels in Barcelona.
Barcelona is undergoing a tourist explosion and hotels of course, have to go somewhere. But in protest, locals and communities are calling on the power of live events. Again, I wonder who was behind this and what event experience they had.
Where are the professional event organisers?
So here we have three very different events and I seriously doubt that there was one professional event organiser running any of the events. But so

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.436986
Retrieved Text: April 11, 2019, at Shiraz Restaurant. Your feedback is invaluable to us. Thank you for your time!
1. Overall, how entertaining was the Bollywood Night event?
2. After the event, how inspired did you feel?
3. What was your favorite part of Bollywood Night?
4. Would you recommend a similar TSYLF Happy Hour event to a friend?
5. Overall, were you satisfied with the venue and were you able to see and hear the presentations clearly?
6. How was the quality of the food at Shiraz?
7. Do you feel Bollywood Night provided value for the money spent?
8. In your opinion, what is the most important feature we should look for when choosing a happy hour venue?
9. If you were running the happy hour event, what would you have done differently?
10. What day of the week are you more likely to attend a happy hour event?
11. Any suggestions for future happy hour events?
12. Would you like to host a TSYLF Happy Hour event?
Yes No If yes, please drop us a message at info@timothysylam.org or enter your contact information below.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.418971
Retrieved Text: Thank you for joining our events! We try our best to make them enjoyable for you. Your feedback will help us to make them even better.
If you want to leave feedback for several events, please fill this form for each of them separately.
In general, the event was good.
The organization of the event (by GOPHER) was good.
I received all information about the event on time and in a clear way.
The speaker and the presentation were good.
I learned a lot of new things during this event.
The information I received during this event was very useful.
Please explain briefly why you think the speaker was good or bad and how you think he/she can improve.
In case there was some information you were missing in the presentation, what did you miss?
Please write a few sentences on what you think about this event and how you think we can improve such events.
What kind of events would you like GOPHER to organize in the future?
If you have any specific requests and want us to contact you, you can tell us your name and email address. This is not mandatory and will not influence our attitude towards your evaluation.
Thank you for your time! We appreciate your feedback.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.417661
Retrieved Text: Thank you for attending [Event Name] We appreciate your feedback so we know how to make our next event even better.
1. Overall, how satisfied were you with [Event Name]?
2. What was the main factor for you attending [Event Name]?
5. What did you like most about [Event Name]?
6. What did you like least about [Event Name]?
7. How did you learn about [Event Name]?
8. How likely are you to attend [Event Name] next year?
9. Would you recommend [Event Name]?
15. How did you travel to the event?
16. Did you need lodging during [Event Name]?
17. Which sponsor(s) do you recall?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.36044
Retrieved Text: This Event Planner interview profile brings together a snapshot of what to look for in candidates with a balanced sample of suitable interview questions. Similar job titles include Event Coordinator, Meeting Coordinator or Planner, Conference Coordinator, Special Events Coordinator and Exhibition Coordinator.
Make sure that you are interviewing the best Event planner candidates. Sign up for Workable’s 15-day free trial to hire better, faster.
There is no single educational route into becoming a great event planner. So when interviewing candidates, it’s better to start with a picture of the hard event planning skills you would be looking for. These might include a knowledge of logistics, vendor management and budgeting. You can also ask them about their knowledge of the events industry and look for current knowledge of specific terms or standards.
The best sets of event planner interview questions will also be vital to assess soft skills. What evidence is there of the candidates’ organizational and coordination skills? The best candidates will combine creativity and practicality with considerable patience and keen communication skills.
Since every event has different elements, situational questions are the best to assess the eligibility of an event planner. Find out if they have experience in managing large or small scale events as well as what type of events (corporate, social etc.). Try to understand their event management approaches as they describe past events, their successes and issues they faced. Look for the systems they employ to do their job; how they use technology and how they prioritize tasks.
It’s a good idea to provide candidates with a

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.34173
Retrieved Text: Total Training Solutions' credit union compliance training covers topics ranging from deposit and lending regulations to BSA to IRS information reporting and many more. All of our bank training webinars are led by experts from the financial industry.
This session will provide a step-by-step guide to reviewing LEs and CDs for accuracy and timeliness, and will address common errors and not-so-common scenarios that we’ve encountered.
This event was recorded on Wednesday, April 3rd, 2019.
Join a discussion and review of the most comprehensive guide, the FFIEC's Information Security Handbook, to constructing an adequate Information Security Program.
This event was recorded on Thursday, March 21st, 2019.
Join a discussion on policies and procedures your credit union should have in place to minimize compliance and fraud risk when you open new member accounts online.
Preparing for the BSA exam is made easy with this comprehensive webinar.
This webinar will discuss the knowledge, skills, tools, and techniques needed for beginning collectors/officers.
This event was recorded on Wednesday, March 6th, 2019.
This is an excellent class for new operations staff and others in the bank that just want to understand ACH.
This program will examine multiple types of POAs, when they can be used and some general procedures to implement in your financial institution.
From Risk Assessments to CTRs, this webinar will cover the BSA key components that are emerging as issues this year.
This event was recorded on Friday, February 15th, 2019.
It may seem that ACH Rule changes were a bit stagnate for a few years, but there are more coming and not just for Same Day ACH.
This event was recorded

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.332497
Retrieved Text: Welfare Conditionality » Event: Brexit, what rights, what welfare for EU migrants in Britain?
Event: Brexit, what rights, what welfare for EU migrants in Britain?
Our highly successful event was held on 29 March 2017. You can view all the presentation slides below.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.322343
Retrieved Text: What is event collateral and why is it important? Event collateral, sometimes might be ‘a nice to have, but not sure there’s the budget’ or ‘you want it but ran of time to sort it out before the event’. Don’t worry we know that feeling on both occasions. But what are the benefits of event collateral? Why should it be considered an important aspect for events?
Will Dalzell, recently appointed Head of Innovation for Venues and Events International, shares his thoughts on some of the key benefits and how he is looking at it from a proposition in what we can offer clients.
1. Helps create a brand identity. The design of the event collateral can give the event its own unique identity and help to set it apart from the normal day to day brand. In this way it gives delegates something to talk about and feel excited towards. It feels special or unique to the event as well as giving delegates a unique insight of what the event is going to be like and raise excitement about attending.
2. Can build a story for your event. Depending on the theme of your event you can send invites out to build excitement. For example, for one incentive we ran, it was a Las Vegas theme and therefore created everything with a casino theme. We even designed mini roulette wheels that was sent out with the invite as a teaser. All name badges, menus and place cards continued with the Las Vegas theme and as a post-event gift we

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.317745
Retrieved Text: This weekend in Kyoto, we have 3 new judges to Welcome to the fold!
Why did you become a judge?: I was interested in running the tournament.
What excites you most about this event?: It is to participate as a judge for the first time!
What are you hoping to learn at this event?: I’m a judge at a big event.
How have you worked to overcome those challenges?: I applied for the Grand Prix Judge.
What is your favorite Magic memory?: I participated in the Grand Prix with my friends.
Why did you become a judge?: If I know magic rule well,I will not be at a disadvantage.
I think Judge costumes so cool.
What excites you most about this event?: Event has many players,shops,and Judge.
What worries you most about this event?: I may make a mistake.
What are you hoping to learn at this event?: Too many.
Big one,I want to know fun of Judge works.
What challenges have you faced or are you facing to become a better judge?: I don’t remember IPG.
And many beginner Judges don’t have chance Judgeing.
How have you worked to overcome those challenges?: after PPTQ Judge,I studied many rules and questions for my mentor.
What is the best part about your local Magic community?: Nagoya magic community has many Judges!that’s good for me.
What is your favorite Magic memory?: recently?
I was able to beat the former pro player.very fun.
I get new cards,use new cards,trade new cards!it’s Magic. it’s trading cardsgame.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.305068
Retrieved Text: How to model User behaviour that can be shared between microservices in Event Driven architecture?
Where does the responsibility for clearing higher-level caches lie in a pyrimidal calculation system with caching at multiple levels?
Microservice /Soa : how to fire notification depending on the caller?
How to deal with an event if the domain aggregate was not yet persisted?
How can we keep sight of business flows in event driven architectures?
How are new bounded contexts deployed, and bugs fixed, in message-driven “autonomous” microservice architectures?
What should a method which creates conditionally self-unsubscribing event-handlers be named?
In microservices architecture, is it reasonable that service which emits event also listens to it?
Was including a keyword for events a mistake in C#?
How to write integration tests for a distributed system highly dependant on current date and flow of time?
Is avoiding raising an event when it is not needed considered premature optimisation?
For what reasons would you use AngularJS expression (&) binding instead of using events?
WPF/C#: What is the accepted way for a lower level object to notify the UI?
What is 'better' - An event that tells you that something happened or accepting a delegate to be called when the event triggers internally?
Should I reduce event listeners by making functions more complex?
DDD: Where to place domain event handlers?
Name for object to re-order events received in arbitrary order?
What does “initialize event handler” mean in this context?
Are hooks really subsumed by Slim Framework middleware?
How should nodes in a chain be connected?
Performance increase by only attach onblur handler inside of onfocus handler?
Should I use events or abstract methods?
Should the sender

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.2757015
Retrieved Text: Just a quick message to say, what a great day. I thoroughly enjoyed the day and well done for pulling such a large event together.
There was some great businesses there and i picked up some really good contacts.
This year is the second year that I have attended the event at Donnington and have been struck by how well organised and worthwhile the event is, it is great to see so many people attending and making good quality connections.
Love Business is becoming a great focal point for businesses across the East Midlands to meet, get inspired and most important do business.
Last year was great, this year was even better, great job!
It's a really great event for the East Midlands business community. Bott are delighted to have been involved this year and look forward to what we can do for next years Love Business!
What another great event! We were overwhelmed with visits and enquiries about our online recruitment tools that next year is a must book event in our calendar. Thanks again to the speakers and organisers, much appreciated, as we know what goes into making a good event work.
I was delighted to see such a positive reaction to the Love Business event which has promoted businesses of all sizes in the District. The feedback I have received has been exceptional and I look forward seeing the event next year.
We loved the day. An excellent, well-organised event. A great opportunity to catch up with existing partners and make some new connections.
I would, like to pass on my sincere

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.269467
Retrieved Text: What is the best major for me to pursue in college if I want to be an event planner?
I agree with Gary in saying that event planning isn't something that you you can major in and boom you're a planner. I have been in the event planning business/hospitality industry and professional for the past 8 years and and feel that I am still learning something new in my industry every day. It is definitely great to have a PR or Marketing background to learn the basics but it is through experience of getting out there and getting involved with the daily grind in life that will make you successful. As for me, I was a studio arts major with a minor in computer science...you would wonder how that background would help me get to where I am today but through patience and perseverance I am enjoying what I do!
When I first started off in event planning, I didn't know what I was doing nor did I know that I wanted to get into it. I just started in clubs/organizations at my school and slowly helped plan whatever was needed in doing bake sales, fundraisers, organizing student council meetings, working in my sorority with their events...the list goes on. Little by little I would take on more responsibility and was in charge of more events as time went on. Just like anything you choose to do in life, be open to new ideas and have fun doing it!
I periodically run events, although it isn't my primary profession.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.268984
Retrieved Text: The 2019 District 64 Science Olympiad for students in Grades 3, 4 and 5 was held on Saturday, February 2, 2019.
This year's Olympiad set an all-time record for participation! Read about this exciting event and see the medalists here.
View a photo gallery from the 2019 Olympiad.
Contact Dina Pappas, the District 64 Science Olympiad Chair.
What is the Science Olympiad? It is a morning filled with science and engineering challenges in an Olympic-type format. With the assistance of their parents, students in grades 3-5 work in teams to represent their schools. "Winning teams" receive first, second, or third place medals. All students receive a special Science Olympiad certificate and souvenir.
What is the Aerodynamics Event? (Text version).
What is the Egg Drop Event? (Text version).
What is the Mystery Box Event? (Text version).
What is the Rubber Band Catapult Event? (Text version).
What is the Structures Event? (Text version).
Read even more detailed guidelines for each Olympiad event!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.248387
Retrieved Text: It had been a while since I needed to comb through event logs to figure out some change in Active Directory. Having just joined NetWrix, I thought it may be a good idea to spend some time reviewing Windows auditing and in particular What’s New Windows Server with AD DS (Domain Services) logging. I was surprised to see that despite the progress some AD DS logging problems persist.
I had already seen the new 2008 AD DS settings that provide before and after values for changes applied to AD objects, but what I didn’t know if this feature was usable or not. I found that the old adage “You may get more than you bargain for…” directly applied in this case. Some of the AD DS auditing issues were pretty tough to get around.
For simple data changes the native logging works fairly – well once you sort through the logs and find the correct event. Once you find the event you just need to review the details to figure out what changed – that is the easy part.
My experience with more complex changes was less intuitive than I expected due mainly to the way Windows writes event data. I made what I thought was a simple change by delegating a user security rights on a group. I then went to the event logs to hunt for the change. After filtering through a couple of dozen events I found the event that showed the actual change. When reviewed the event I found that it left the updated security

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.247397
Retrieved Text: “An Evening with IMANA and UMR,” in Atlanta was a very successful event. Both great organizations have united together to spread good cause. Everyone at the event learned what both organizations do as a whole. Speakers like: Sheikh Abdulhakim Mohamed, Sheikh Yaser Birjas, and Ambassador Shabazz; beautifully explained to the audience of what the Islamic Medical Association of North America and United Muslim Relief are capable of doing. The main purpose of this event was to help the Syrian refugees. For entertainment, comedian, Amer Zahr enlightened the crowd! In overall, the event was a success, and everyone had a great time.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.228673
Retrieved Text: I did it! I completed my FIRST 3 day live event! Even though it’s been about 2 weeks since it happened, I’m still in awe that I did it. I’ll never forget when I set the date for Facebook Empire Live back in February 2015. I was so scared even though it was more than 1 year away. At the time, I had no idea how I would do it or even where the people would come from. But with some strategic planning, I was able to pull it off! And now, here are 5 things I learned from being an event host. As much as I would love to say there were things I could’ve prevented beforehand, most of these lessons I wouldn’t have learned if I didn’t host my event in the first place.
For my first event, I had only 2 attendees. Was I disappointed at first? Of course! But after the first day of Facebook Empire Live, I couldn’t be more happier. I had the RIGHT people at my event. I’d rather have 2 of the right people at my event then 10 of the wrong people. My attendees asked the right questions, had one on one time with me, and even left with an implementation plan to help them build their business using Facebook. They wouldn’t have had all of my attention if there were more people in the room and that was ok with me. I served them deeply during those 3 days and it felt great!
I’ll admit that when I

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.228574
Retrieved Text: Taking photos for a book about Tango was my first commission. The writer's concept was that I would attend the 2010 Tango Berlin Festival and blend in with my camera with the hope of getting some great shots. Back then I didn't really understand what the attraction of Tango was, but when I became a social dancer myself, all became clear and what I photographed during that festival made complete sens; the intense emotions and the feeling of being lost in time that so often accompanies the dancers was there all along.
Posted on September 23, 2015 by Olga Baczynska and tagged tango dancing Berlin Tango Festival event photography Eventfotografie event photographer Berlin eventfotograf eventfotografie event photos dance event.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.219327
Retrieved Text: Chrizellenz 2014’, the national-level annual management fest of the Kengeri campus of Christ University, was held recently.
With a number of different management events, the fest was brimming with activity and kept the students involved. ‘Diamond’ (best manager), ‘Beryl’ (business quiz), ‘Zircon’ (marketing event), ‘Lolite’ (cultural event), ‘Citrine’ (B-Plan event), ‘Pearl’ (CSR event), ‘Agate’ (operations and IT event), ‘Lapiz Lazuli’ (general management event), ‘Emerald’ (finance event) and the human resources event, ‘White Opal’ were the different competitions conducted for the students. The cultural events consisted of solo dance, group dance and a talent hunt show. A spectacular DJ night by DJ Rajan marked the end of the two-day fest.
SIBM, Jain College, Alliance University, Kristu Jayanti College, XIME and St Aloysius College, Mangalore were some of the colleges that took part. The excited students were full of praises for the fest. Rahul, a first year MBA student of Acharya Institute of Management, who participated in the ‘marketing’ event, said that some of the rounds were very different. “In the sales round, we were expected to sell some bizarre products. We used a paper and pencil to market them to get loads of money. I went about making caricatures of people and it was a challenge.” He added that the event demanded inter-personal skills.
Another participant, Jeba Blessingson, an MBA student from Christ University, Koramangala, said that this fest had an edge over the other management fests in the City. “What was great about this fest was how they managed time. There was no lag between the events,” he said. Jeba, who took

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.214279
Retrieved Text: I am ashamed to share what I have done. Never before have I taken part of an online wine tasting event that made even myself, the self proclaimed "Wine Whore" blush. Before I get into the gory details, let me just state for the record that I would not be doing my job if I didn't tell people about these types of happenings. I will leave out names so as not to implicate others and will only mention facts so you may get as unbiased of a description as possible. While I am afraid that there will be some people who will take offense to this post, I encourage everyone to direct their negative energy towards changing these types of wine events for the better.
Four wines from one winery were selected.
Participants were given the option to purchase the chosen wines prior to the event.
Many bloggers (myself included) were shipped the wine for free.
Participants were told to sign on to a website at the time of the tasting.
The website provided a status feed allowing participants to tweet and read twitter status updates from other participants.
During the event four wines were to be opened, tasted, and tweeted about.
Tweets were simultaneously published to the website as well as the internet.
The website that we were to log on to was broken for a good portion of the tasting.
There was little or no info provided about the wine being tasted.
The website provided a live feed where you could watch people eating food while they drank the wine... no audio, no conversation,

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.201651
Retrieved Text: With this Calvin Klein grand opening, while the store itself was nice and spacious (it is located at where the Stylesense used to be), the event itself was on the ok side. Nothing really special that was happening, at least not enough that I should have rushed there for the supposed 6 - 9 p.m. time that the event was happening. Like I said, no RSVP guestlist needed. It felt like any other normal shopping day really. The only difference was that they had refreshments and hors d'oevres circulating around, with a DJ playing music in the background. They also had a little area where a backdrop was set up for people if they wanted to take a photo, though from what I could see, not too many people were doing it. Sarah Casselman, from Fashion Magazine did a presentation on trends, tips and key looks, which was great since she projects herself really well and always has great tips (I've been to other events where she did talks and/or fashion shows).
As you can see, there are no photos posted of this event. This was a real disappointment to me since the PR person for this event told me photos weren't allowed. I suppose I could have explained to her that I wanted to blog about the event but than I thought about the unfairness of it for people who don't blog who just might have wanted to take photos of the event, whether just to say they were there or for memories of being at

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.186574
Retrieved Text: Another event under the umbrella of UP Tourism – the Travel Writers’ Conclave, aimed at promoting the Heritage Arc of UP—the cities of Lucknow, Agra, and Varanasi—by depicting them through the words and tongues of numerous travel writers all over the world. The primary aim of the event was to give a personal and never-before-seen view of Uttar Pradesh and its culture, heritage, people and colours. It also aimed bringing together the experts on conservation, environment, food, textiles, agriculture and other industries so as to draft a road-map that would attract more tourists to the state.
The primary challenge for the state government was to present Uttar Pradesh in a positive, and at the same time, personalized light. Additionally, one of the most challenging aspects was to present the Heritage Arc without having any one particular city dominate the coverage.
Another challenge was the kind of audience that the event was targeting. Since it was the Travel Writers’ Conclave, attracting other people who were not associated with the art would require considerable effort. After all, the event was organized under UP Tourism, and needed to represent the state at the end of the day. This meant that content for the event would have to be diverse, inviting, and interesting enough to be shared by people from all walks of life, and not just writers. This was the only way that the event would move past the barriers of segmentation.
However, reaching the very people that the event targeted was another aspect: content about the event would have to be

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.182021
Retrieved Text: On Thursday evenings in July and August, the Maple Ridge Fire Department visits various community neighbourhoods, both pre-announced and random locations, after 6:30 pm.
Most often the public sees fire crews when they are busy at an emergency scene; thus they are unapproachable. This program allows the public to see its Fire Department in a different light and interact with the firefighters.
Inclement weather (pouring rain) or emergency calls may cause event to be cancelled/rescheduled.
"This is a huge thank you from our Silver Valley Community (Docksteader/Foreman Loop) for the fabulous "Hot Summer Night" event you arranged for us. It was wonderful that our Maple Ridge Fire Department would take the time to come here, and by so doing, you have fostered a wonderful community spirit and provided a "hands on" fun learning experience for the children and adults living here. The patience and kindness displayed by all the firemen when dealing with the children was wonderful to see.
"Hi there. Last year we went to the summer event that the firetrucks and firefighters were at Harry Hooge School for an evening. What a fantastic community event. The kids had such a great time splashing in the water and seeing the inside of the trucks. We were wondering if you are having that again this year and if so what the date of it is? Thanks.
"I just returned from the July 3 Hot Summer Nights event at Laityview Elementary and I would like to express my thanks to all the fire staff that were there and made the event possible.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.179486
Retrieved Text: As many of you know, I recently completed the Life Optimization Experience. Following this incredible event, I was completely overcome with joy. Not only did the event turn out better than expected, but I learned a rather important lesson in the process. While the event was put on to help other people, ultimately the experience was for myself. Why you might ask? It proved to me that this is exactly what I’m built for. Join me today as I recap this amazing experience and find out what you can do to participate in the future.

================



======= Instance Index 18195 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: It was a great class , and the best part was that I got to take home a gallon jug of mead , which is now fermenting ( I hope ) under my kitchen sink . My class was during the last session of the day . I had the perfect number of people show up ( six ) and I think it went pretty well . ( It was on hand sewing and period finishing techniques for garb . )
Question: Who is speaking ?
Options: 
- A teacher
 - A principal
 - None of the above choices .
 - A PTA leader

Target Text: A teacher

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.078548
Retrieved Text: Use this book together with the instagram page @ieltsjournal The instagram page contains lessons that show how to use the ideas from this book. You can keep in …... IELTS SPEAKING TIPS Discover what you need to do to increase your IELTS speaking score to 7.0 and beyond . About these IELTS Speaking Tips These speaking tips are designed to help IELTS students get a better understanding of the IELTS speaking exam.
Tips for IELTS Speaking for Academic/General Training Module is an essential book for IELTS learners to score Band 7.0+ in the IELTS Speaking Module. What is IELTS Speaking? The IELTS Speaking Test is the final part of the exam.
Who is Collins English Speaking book for? This book is a short, self-study guide book for IELTS exam preparation. It is a vital period for candidates who wish to obtain an internationally-recognized certificate, specifically the IELTS one.
Download our ielts speaking by partesh thakur eBooks for free and learn more about ielts speaking by partesh thakur. These books contain exercises and tutorials to improve your practical skills, at all levels!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.805405
Retrieved Text: Do you sometimes find your students aren’t motivated? It’s a big problem because students learn more when they’re fired up. And they remember (and like) teachers who give them fun classes while helping them learn quickly and easily at the same time.
But let’s face it, planning dynamic and fun English language classes every week can take a long time.
Learn Hot English Games Pack!
We created the Learn Hot English Games Pack to make classes fun, motivating and practical!
The Learn Hot English Games Pack will help English teachers in middle school and high schools, as well as teachers in academies, company classes and universities.
If you’re looking for warmers, games and fun activities for beginners, business or even advanced classes, our Games Pack will ensure your classes are successful.
With over 130 pages, there are photocopiable worksheets to use in class, as well as Teacher’s Notes so you know exactly what to do.
The Games Pack is full of board games, roleplays, memory games, matching activities and storytelling exercises!
If you have the feeling that your classes could do with a little more FUN, then the Games Pack is just what you’re looking for.
Practice speaking with “travel” vocabulary.
Practice using prepositions of time.
Learn useful words and expressions that are related to activities.
Practice speaking in the past continuous tense.
Practice speaking with “house/home” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using “food” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present simple passive tense.
Practice speaking using modal verbs.
Practice speaking using fashion and clothing vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present perfect simple and continuous tenses.
Practice speaking using zero and first conditionals.
Practice speaking using disaster vocabulary and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.745439
Retrieved Text: You might be thinking that some people are just naturally good at speaking up, and others just aren't - game over. Not true. Speaking up is a skill that you have to learn like any other, whether it's speaking Spanish or doing calculus or changing a tire.
If you're CEO of a company, you have to be a public person. You're speaking to the press, you're speaking to investors, you're speaking to employees, you're the public face of the company and so kind of naturally you become more extroverted, more outwards facing.
The speaking will get easier and easier. And you will find you have fallen in love with your own vision, which you may never have realized you had. And you will lose some friends and lovers, and realize you don't miss them. And new ones will find you and cherish you. And at last you'll know with surpassing certainty that only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth. And that is not speaking.
When I'm speaking of love, when I'm speaking of reversing hate, I'm speaking not only of reconciliation - even I don't use that word - I use another word in Spanish, that's called 'reencuentro' - it's not reconciliation.
Never invite someone who is speaking a foreign language in your presence to "Go back to your country." The only time that phrase is every acceptable is if you are British and you are speaking to Madonna.
I discovered that it's not really about the language. It's about how the words are pronounced and the delivery.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.737333
Retrieved Text: Hello to everyone. Hope you all are doing great! I am Jass from New Zealand. I’m looking for a speaking buddy and my target to achieve 7 band score. I got 6.5 in the last exam. Is anyone out there who genuinely wants to practice speaking? Please join me on WhatsApp +642040877706. Thanks in advance.
Hello, I am going to attempt the IELTS test on May 11, and I am looking for a partner for speaking practice who is also willing to do it. Is there any person who is also going to attempt the test? It would be a good thing for preparation. So kindly email me on ullahihsan822@gmail.com or contact me on +923081118888.
Hi, I am Sandy from India. I am going for the IELTS exam in June, and I need a serious speaking partner.
Hello all. I am looking for a partner for speaking. Also, it would be good if we keep in touch and share our knowledge and information about the IELTS exam. (IELTS materials, resources, etc). My WhatsApp number is +37254772049.
Hi everyone, I’m Joanne and I’m preparing for IELTS Academic test. This is my first IELTS exam. My Exam is on May 11th and I’m looking for a serious partner to get help in speaking. If anyone is interested then send me an email. My Skype ID is fbwlgh213@naver.com. Thanks in advance.
I have seen your comment and I am preparing for GT next June. I wonder if it is possible to practise speaking together via Skype and we can agree on times.
I did try

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.67734
Retrieved Text: Recent evidence suggests that communication is crucial to corporate success. Employees and the clients would like to hear from the executives now than ever before. However, finding the right public speaking coach is a tall order. Without the necessary plans, the process can become daunting. This does not mean that you cannot find a professional public speaking coach. Here is a quick guide to help you identify the best public speaking coach.
The first thing you should have in mind is the experience of the public speaking coach you want to hire. How long has the public speaking coach been in business? Has the public speaking coach been awarded for exemplary public coaching skills during that period? These are some of the questions you ought to ask yourself before you hire a public speaking coach. It is also prudent to check the portfolio of the public speaking coach you have in mind. By checking the portfolio, you will also get to learn more info about the coach's style.
Another thing you should think about is the practice area of the public speaking coach you have in mind. You would not want to end up with a public speaking coach who is not well versed with the pressures of the industry. That technical knowledge will be immensely helpful. Visit the website of the public speaking coach you have in mind to learn more about their area of practice. You can also give the public speaking coach a call.
The cost is the other crucial consideration you should make. You do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.664134
Retrieved Text: Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.595312
Retrieved Text: When it comes to speaking in front of the class, some students shine and others find the experience dreadful. For authors Craig O. Stewart et al., the level of comfort that students have with public speaking is not simply a matter of preparation and student demeanor. Rather it is largely a matter of whether students perceive public speaking as a skill that can be developed or a “gift” that students either have or don’t have.
In their paper, “An Initial Exploration of Students’ Mindsets, Attitudes, and Beliefs About Public Speaking,” Stewart et al. explain that students with fixed mindsets “perceive personal attributes as largely unchangeable,” while students with growth mindsets “describe personal attributes as ‘things you can cultivate through your efforts’” (180). For their study, the authors surveyed 317 undergraduate students, who responded to 61 statements using a 5-point scale (1=strongly disagree, 5=strongly agree). The statements covered topics including public speaking apprehension, perceived competence, students’ mindsets (fixed or growth), the purpose of public speaking, the function of revision and rehearsal, and audience adaptations (181-182).
“I use language that is extremely clear” (183).
Students with growth mindsets (who saw public speaking as a skill to be learned and developed) felt more comfortable with public speaking.
Students with growth mindsets were less likely to believe that the most important reason to give a speech is to report what experts think (183-184).
Students with growth mindsets were more likely to believe that giving speeches helps them develop their own understanding of ideas and express their own views on subjects (183-184).
Stewart et al. suggest that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.585143
Retrieved Text: In response to the expanding international nature of the needs of global speaking members, international clients, and global audiences, the Global Speakers Federation has established the framework for a designation that recognizes professional speakers successfully presenting at a global level.
Successfully working across continents as a global presenter requires business acumen, specialized knowledge, and mastery of key competencies unique to presenting in global markets.
The key competencies of a successful global speaker and the component elements of these competencies are a part of the body of knowledge and educational content being developed exclusively by the GSF.
The GSF seeks to deliver educational content and tools that will improve the success of global professional speakers, reduce risks for international clients, and increase value for global audiences.
These four competencies provide the framework for evaluating mastery of a speaker’s capabilities in global markets. The measures of continued success in global markets, the input of those who hire professional speakers, and the assessment of the knowledge the speaker conveys are combined to determine an applicant’s grasp and capability within the competencies.
Each competency has several components, developed into modules by key professionals under the guidance of an education committee to help professional speakers learn from the experience and insight of others. Each competency list is arranged in order of importance as determined through surveys and interviews. Those competencies ranked highest are a part of the Global Speaking Fellow assessment criteria.
Who can apply for the designation Global Speaking Fellow?
If I’m a CSP or FPSA, why do I need the Global Speaking Fellow designation?
Without taking away

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.52836
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence is the book to read if you want to start public speaking or if your public speaking needs improvement. This book Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence will give you get information to feel more confident while public speaking. Public speaking can really make people very nervous, this book explains and tells you how to use that energy to your advantage. There is so much great information in this book to get you started, improve yours public speaking skills.
I received this book free from Beck Valley Tours to review and share my honest opinion. My opinion is my own.
AND, COULD YOU DEVELOP THOSE SUPERPOWERS YOURSELF? Author Carma Spence asked these questions of dozens and dozens of speakers and discovered the answer was, “Yes!” Three out of every four people suffer from speech anxiety, and research suggests that people who don’t confront and overcome that fear are less successful in their careers and lives. However, people often look at successful speakers as superheroes with superpowers they, as mere mortals, could never possess. Drawing from extensive research and interviews with business and professional speakers, Public Speaking Super Powers will show you how to: ↪ How to overcome the fear of speaking ↪ Develop the skills needed to be a success on the stage, such as storytelling and humor ↪ Master techniques like a superhero speaker, such as audience engagement, and using your voice, body language and eye contact effectively and much more… There is even a bonus chapter on the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.517742
Retrieved Text: To honor men and women who strive for and attain excellence in the study of Spanish and in the knowledge of the literature and culture of Spanish-speaking people.
To honor those who work to make known to English-speaking peoples the Hispanic contributions to world cultures.
To encourage a greater interest in and deeper understanding among college students of Hispanic cultures.
To foster friendly relations and mutual respect between Spanish-speaking and English-speaking peoples.
The official name of this society is Sigma Delta Mu, the National Honor Society for Hispanic Studies for two-year colleges.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.51466
Retrieved Text: Ativan comes as 0. Public speaking is reported only by a few people who take tramadol for root canal pain Ativan. Com//439adg/best_drugs_for_public_speaking Best drugs for public speaking? I just recently ativan dosage public speaking started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Dissolves under the tongue and starts taking effect. Beta blockers are prescribed in small doses (typically 10mg of propranolol) for "stage fright". I just recently started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Lorazepam/ativan on the acetaminophen tramadol dosis other-hand is strictly for as needed and is in and out of your system quickly. My question is what is the highest dose allowed Apr 29, 2011 · Opinions - Benzos for social anxiety (public speaking)? Apr 20, 2006 · April 20, 2006 -- Fear of public speaking strikes some people harder -- and differently -- than others, according to a new study.. Others take alprazolam, also known as Xanax. We study 53,004 people who have side effects while taking Ativan from FDA. I was prescribed Inderal for the public speaking and. What is the proper propranolol dosage in order to prevent the symptoms associated with anxiety-provoking situations? Jesus im wondering why the hell my doctor prescribed it Pete Dunham8 Husking since 1990. This is typically given to performers, or public speaker who have anxiety. But he has heard of. My topic was to get their ok

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.495874
Retrieved Text: Legally Speaking is a blessing for anyone interested in improving their public speaking technique. Who will gain from reading Legally Speaking? Everyone.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.4540615
Retrieved Text: If you’re an entrepreneur, I’m sure you value the ability to speak well in front of people. If you’re an entrepreneur who is seeking investor funding, effective public speaking becomes even more important. Why?
A pitch from a great public speaker elicits confidence in the speaker. Who would you rather give money to: someone who is humming and hawing all throughout the pitch, or someone who delivers the pitch self-assuredly? Door number 2, please! I don’t think I’m alone in that sentiment. Investors by and large are way more likely to invest in people who communicate well. If they communicate well to the investors, chances are they’ll communicate well to employees, vendors, and customers. You know what all that leads to? Money!
If you’re an entrepreneur who doesn’t pitch to investors, you still have to communicate. How do you get your employees to be productive? How about getting vendors to provide you with what you want? And getting customers to buy? Public speaking! If you present clearly to employees what you need them to do, they’ll be more productive and make money for your enterprise. If you tell vendors exactly what you need, they’re more likely to give it to you. If you give customers a clear vision of what your product or service will do for them and how it will transform them, they’re more likely to buy.
You know what else excelling at public speaking can lead to? Opportunities you weren’t even looking for. Public speaking led me to join a speaker’s guild, which led me to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.439921
Retrieved Text: Stuttering Online Therapy is an interactive one-on-one videoconferencing treatment for stuttering. It is designed for people who want the highest quality therapy from the comfort of their home or office. Clients around the globe meet a specially trained clinician for individualized face-to-face treatment.
At Stuttering Online Therapy we use a holistic approach that focuses on the person who presents a problem of speech fluency, instead of focusing on the speech itself. Our clients develop the normal and natural way of speaking, because we believe that our goal is to help people who stutter experience the pleasure of speaking and communicating thoughts and ideas in the same way that fluent speakers experience speaking.
Stuttering Online Therapy follows the Dynamic Stuttering Therapy approach. This is an innovative and highly successful treatment approach that was developed by Barbara Dahm during 20 years of working intensively with people who stutter.
At Online Stuttering Therapy, we treat people who stutter from the age of approximately 12 years through adult.
The Dynamic Stuttering Therapy workbook is used as a basis for treatment. Although all people who participate in treatment learn the same normal way of generating speech, the sessions are individualized to suit each client’s needs.
The therapy consists of practical activities that develop the normal neurological process for speaking as well as activities that precipitate change in attitudes, beliefs related to speaking, and behavior.
When treating children under the age of 18 we require an online discussion with parents or legal guardians prior to beginning therapy and at intervals during the therapy process. In some cases we

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.4246855
Retrieved Text: Home \ Frankly Speaking \ Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
On the day of the municipal elections in South Africa, Andrew and Rori set up camp outside a voting station to engage with voters about who they are voting for and what informs their voting decisions.
Frankly Speaking – Why are you Hating on the CEO SleepOut?
Frankly Speaking – Is she your Domestic Worker or your Slave?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.418066
Retrieved Text: It is a fear that many people face – a fear of speaking before a large crowd. But you must be aware that you can stand to gain a lot by overcoming the fear of public speaking. It helps you develop leadership skills and also helps in improving your self esteem. There are a lot of people who ignore this.
Have you wondered how to overcome fear of public speaking?
One of the major benefits of overcoming fear is self confidence. Overcoming the fear of public speaking builds self confidence and makes a person more sociable. Self confidence also helps in creating a positive outlook and mental attitude in an individual.
Another benefit is an increase in self esteem, that is how a person values or regards himself. This is another social trait that you can gain not only for the benefit of others, but also towards shaping your character and personality.
If you get yourself to overcome the fear of speaking before a crowd, you can also gain mastery in the art of communication.
Many may not be aware of it, but the secret to good communication skills relies on a person’s ability to interact well. When a person is comfortable with speaking before a group of people, he or she tends to have more focus on the topics that are being discussed and may be able to comprehend matters and topics well. Those who fear public speaking are likely to think of various other issues rather than concentrating on what’s happening around them.
Another positive outcome of overcoming the fear

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.415751
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Tips to Attain Speechmastery.
The Public Speaking Tips and suggestions you will find here will be divided into the three pillars of great speaking.
If you have personal speaking tips, speech improvement suggestions or a favorite from a book, please suggest them here.
Please include the name and title. If you disagree with one, please explain why. Be helped and help others. You will find that by creating a community we can better work towards and reach our individual goals. All you need to do is share your comments.
Your name and e-mail address will never be sold, rented, folded, spindled or mutilated in any way. Your tips will be shared with little fanfare. We would like to give you credit if you would not mind.
What You Say on Biz Voice Mail speaking tip.
What You Say on Personal Voice Mail speaking tip.
Consider the words that make up our speech. Look at some tips that will help you grow as a speaker. What things can be included and what things should be avoided in what we say when public speaking.
Public Speaking Top 10 List looks at the use of numbered lists. Which is best?
The power of pauses Have you ever known someone who talks so fast and so continuous you feel out of breath? We can inadvertently do the same thing from the platform. Don't forget to strategically place pauses in change of thoughts, at the end of main points, and where ever you want to add emphasis.
Do You Use Connecters and Connectives? I not, you should.
Presenting Yourself in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.411194
Retrieved Text: The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is a globally recognised qualification. It is a highly practical English language assessment primarily used by those seeking international academic and professional recognition.
This programme prepares learners for all parts of the IELTS exam – the listening, reading, writing and speaking modules. It focuses on the skills and techniques required to sit for the test by helping familiarise learners with the various test formats and test-taking strategies. Learners will practice different language task types through a variety of activities, games and tutorials.
The course is also suitable for people who want to emigrate to an English-speaking country for work or do work-related training in an English-speaking country.
What are the aims of the Exam Preparation Course?
Who is eligible to enrol on this course?
The minimum entry level for the IELTS preparation course is Intermediate English language proficiency (B1+).
The programme is suitable for those who want to take the IELTS test and who plan to study or work in an English speaking environment.
Who should apply for this course?How will my progress on this course be assessed?
Your progress is assessed weekly by your class teacher. You will also have an end of unit test every Friday and an Individual Learning Plan (ILP) when you can discuss your progress one-to-one with your teacher.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.376517
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to figure out how to make speaking work for your business? If so, curl up friend—this is for you!
I tell people I’m an ENFJ Myers-Briggs who doesn’t know where the “E” comes from—truthfully, I test 1 point over on extrovert than introvert on the personality test most days … I think that stems from a background in communications and public relations. In fact, I get most my energy from processing alone and am pretty quiet and introverted!
But, I like to speak.
Going from a shy girl who adored leadership in high school to someone who doesn’t get too nervous to stand on a stage has been a big journey in my life, and I’m far from perfect at speaking! I do attribute it a lot to leadership in a sorority in college—serving as recruitment chair, then chapter president, then as a leadership consultant traveling and speaking in front of hundreds of women was ripping the band-aid off for me.
These days, speaking looks more like telling my story of eating disorder and anxiety recovery + copywriting training.
Which brings me to Jessica. 🙂 My speaking coach!
Today, I’m honored to swing your way with a new podcast episode over on the NEW podcast, The Creative Speaker, hosted by my coach Jessica Rasdall.
The Creative Speaker is a podcast for creatives to learn how we can elevate our industry when it comes to conferences, education, and speaking.
On this episode, Jess digs into how I got started speaking, how to make it part of your business model, and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.367553
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone experiences some stress in speaking situations–don’t let stress stop you, or ruin your presentations.
In my work with professionals, executives and small business people, a common issue that comes up is difficulty speaking in certain situations. My clients know they need to be able to speak confidently to be effective — and successful — but their stress keeps them from reaching their potential. The stress-relieving technique I use often eliminates their dread of having to speak, usually in just a few sessions or less.
Most people think that the fear of public speaking is about talking to a large audience. They picture being at a microphone on a platform in front of a gymnasium full of people. While that can be a big source of stress, it’s not the only kind of stressful speaking situation that can interfere with making a good impression — and succeeding — in your career or business.
The size of the audience is a factor for many people. Some are fine as long as the group they are speaking to is less than twenty-five. For others, just thinking about speaking to any group of over three people sets the butterflies off in their stomachs.
Who they are speaking to can have a major impact on others. I often hear from clients about how they just can’t seem to organize their thoughts when speaking to someone in authority, whether that is their boss, the head of the department, or the board of directors. Others have difficulty with people they don’t know well. I worked

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.359928
Retrieved Text: Prove your English skills to the world with these certifications.
The TOEFL exam is for students who want to study at an English speaking school.
The TOEIC exam is for people who want to get a job at an English speaking company.
The TOSEL exam is for people who want to teach English as a second language professionally.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.3572855
Retrieved Text: For some reason, I seem to write a lot of entries about Kansas. Can’t imagine why that is, but it might have something to do with the fact that many Kansas residents are apparently out of their friggin’ gourds. Take, for example, Jennifer Watt, a school principal who suspended a student for speaking Spanish at school.
A school superintendent in Kansas has apologized to a high school student suspended for speaking Spanish at school.
Zach Rubio, 16, was sent home from the Endeavor Alternative School last month for speaking in Spanish in the cafeteria and elsewhere at school.
Principal Jennifer Watts sent him home and suspended him through the following day.
District officials told the boy’s father the action was a direct result of his speaking Spanish. Rubio’s father is a Mexican immigrant who has lived in the U.S. for 25 years.
Yes, you did read the right, the only “crime” that Rubio committed was speaking his native tongue. Apparently, in Kansas, that’s worthy of suspension from school.
Air marshalls justified in shooting Alpizar?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.347989
Retrieved Text: There's a slightly longer piece about her at Amanda America Dickson (1849-1893) | New Georgia Encyclopedia.
People regularly ask if the Liavek anthologies will ever be available as ebooks or republished in paper. The official answer is now "Yes and no." The rights to the stories are complicated in a few cases, so I suspect we'll end up releasing The Incompleat Liavek as ebooks. No promises, but I hope to have the first volume out by the end of the year.
If the beginning doesn't do it for you, skip ahead a minute.
The debate over 'speaking white' is about a black woman who objected to the phrase "speaking white". She insists it's just "speaking proper". What she misses is that "proper" is what the local ruling class speaks, and working-class white people tend to have an accent and grammar that's not the same. If a black person talked like the traditional Bronx cabbie or Mississippi "white trash", they might be "speaking white", but that's not what people who talk about "speaking white" are trying to say. They're not talking about race betrayal. They're talking about class betrayal.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.344996
Retrieved Text: Want To Join An English Speaking Club? Here is a chance to improve your speaking skills.Make sure to read This First!
English Speaking Club is a great way to improve your English speaking skills. The classes can be both designed for intermediate and basic students in different days.
Speaking Clubs are a great way to practice English speaking with like-minded English language learners. The biggest advantage of an English Speaking club as opposed to a traditional English school is that English Speaking clubs allow students to practice speaking in an informal, relaxed environment.
Intermediate level ,this group are the students who possess intermediate skills in reading , writing, listening and speaking in English . They have intermediate conversational skills and are able to study complex grammatical structures building on reading comprehension and development of writing skills.
The other level can be basic level which you have learned the basics of English grammar and have developed a vocabulary of around 100 words, and you want to start practicing English speaking.
Last but not least ,Improving English speaking is all about practice. The more time you can spend everyday speaking in English, the faster you will improve so the English group should meet regularly and practice for a couple of hours. Some members will find it harder to commit to this than others, so be ready for experiencing and learning .
Eğitim Başlangıç tarihi: 06 Şubat 2019'dur. Sınıflarımız en fazla 6 kişidir.
Akademik ve İdari personele özel hazırlanmış bir eğitimdir.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.338838
Retrieved Text: Practice is by far the best way of improving you speaking abilities. Justlearn.com has hundreds of online tutors who can help you practice and develop your English speaking skills, so take a look!
Forum>How can I improve English speaking?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.338417
Retrieved Text: How good are your public speaking skills?
Many writers are more comfortable at their keyboards than at lecterns. Many executives are more comfortable speaking one-on-one than speaking on a panel. Many authors are more comfortable writing a book than doing the book talks.
Yet good public speaking skills are essential to any career.
It’s the terrific conference speaker who gets the best social media coverage.
It’s the confident entrepreneur whose presentation brings in more business.
It’s the savvy lecturer who gets the job promotion.
It’s the articulate PR person who scores a raise.
It’s the author with top platform skills who gets a bigger advance on her next book.
1. Look for opportunities to speak. The more you do it, the better you’ll get.
2. Not comfortable speaking in public? Turn to Toastmasters for practical advice.
3. Write down your public speaking goals. Do you want to improve eye contact … create social media buzz … use stronger body language? Tackle one goal each time you present.
5. Ask a colleague to give you one specific suggestion.
6. Watch speeches. Take notes. See what works and what doesn’t work – then have fun figuring out why.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.337165
Retrieved Text: Powerful speaking is not a new phenomenon. In his 1880 book, History of England: Volume I, Thomas Macauley wrote about William Pitt the Younger, who became Prime Minister of England at the age of 24: "Parliamentary government is government by speaking. In such a government, the power of speaking is the most highly prized of all the qualities which a politician can possess; and that power may exist, in the highest degree, without judgment, without fortitude...without any skill in diplomacy or in the administration of war." That is why Pitt, who was lauded for his remarkable talent for making speeches, was a successful politician despite his lack of experience and political savvy.
I have seen what a newfound speaking ability can do for a person. Being a good presenter makes you visible, and in corporations, money, resources, and power flow to the visible high achiever. The visibility that speaking abilities give you becomes part of your overall professional growth. A colleague of mine at a large Fortune 500 company moved through the ranks with startling speed and ease. Many of his peers were just as competent, but he was a very good public speaker; his presentations were effective, persuasive events. He had an undeniable edge.
I also watched the careers of two executives at a large manufacturing firm. She was a highly persuasive speaker who had studied public speaking and ran dynamic meetings. She really knew how to inform and persuade. He, on the other hand, was a dull speaker. After five years, she was vice president of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.328839
Retrieved Text: Speaking languages spontaneously can be quite of daunting, especially at in a GCSE French, German or Spanish classroom.
However, one of my professional targets this year is to develop my application of teaching spontaneous speaking in languages at GCSE (in my case, that’s French and German), and so I am always on the look out for exciting speaking activities that will really help learners to be able to develop this skill within the classroom.
I have found many activities through fantastic teachers on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest who willingly share their ideas, but I want to improve my own creativity in the classroom and have therefore developed an activity to get GCSE MFL students speaking languages and asking questions in small groups of 3 students.
Why Use This Activity for Speaking Languages at GCSE?
Spontaneous speaking and questioning are an integral part of the reformed 9-1 MFL speaking examinations and keeping students motivated to speak in a safe environment is key. This activity combines the two and allows the teacher to circulate around the room, helping students who may be struggling, checking answers, making a note of common misconceptions, as well as areas for whole group feedback later on.
When Should This Activity for Speaking Be Used?
This activity allows students to focus on developing their questioning and speaking after input has been given on question forming and vocabulary related to a particular topic. For example, I used this with year 8 students after the topic of ‘Paris’ in Studio 2, once they had covered all the vocabulary and past tense structures,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.315857
Retrieved Text: The county-wide 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking County contest was held on May 15, 2013 in Milton, Florida. Santa Rosa County school winners representing 4th, 5th and 6th grade participated in the County Contest.
The 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking program is made available each year for 4th, 5th and 6th grade teachers to implant as a 4-H School Enrichment program. This unique program is designed to provide a fun way for students to learn public speaking skills.
Curriculum materials including a teacher lesson plan guide and student materials are made available to teachers at no cost. Teachers who choose to participate in the program utilize the curriculum materials provided and conduct classroom contests to determine classroom winners who advance to a school competition.
Participating schools conduct a contest to determine school winners who are awarded 1st, 2nd and 3rd place medals.
There are currently no comments on W.H. Rhodes fifth grader takes first in Public Speaking Contest. Perhaps you would like to add one of your own?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.301959
Retrieved Text: Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday said there is no fraud or scam did by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is hiding out in Antigua, speaking on his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone. Since I am in a smaller country, therefore, I have become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday denied any fraud or scam by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is in Antigua, spoke of his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone in and make him a scapegoat. He said since he is in a smaller country, he has become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi earlier in the day broke his silence and released a video in which he said termed all the allegations against levelled by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) as baseless. Choksi was speaking to news agency ANI while the questions which he answered were asked by his lawyer in Antigua.
Speaking in the interview, Mehul Choksi said that all the allegations against him are false and baseless and added that ED has attached his immovable properties without

================



======= Instance Index 18405 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I went camping a lot as a kid , and those are some of my fondest memories . The kids had fun , though were a bit on the freaking - out - and - whining - side . Oliver was having trouble walking in the sand , and was stumbling everywhere . When he was n't falling , he wanted to touch the fire or the barbeque .
Question: Who is speaking ?
Options: 
- A Grandchild
 - None of the above choices .
 - A Mother
 - A Child

Target Text: A Mother

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.078548
Retrieved Text: Use this book together with the instagram page @ieltsjournal The instagram page contains lessons that show how to use the ideas from this book. You can keep in …... IELTS SPEAKING TIPS Discover what you need to do to increase your IELTS speaking score to 7.0 and beyond . About these IELTS Speaking Tips These speaking tips are designed to help IELTS students get a better understanding of the IELTS speaking exam.
Tips for IELTS Speaking for Academic/General Training Module is an essential book for IELTS learners to score Band 7.0+ in the IELTS Speaking Module. What is IELTS Speaking? The IELTS Speaking Test is the final part of the exam.
Who is Collins English Speaking book for? This book is a short, self-study guide book for IELTS exam preparation. It is a vital period for candidates who wish to obtain an internationally-recognized certificate, specifically the IELTS one.
Download our ielts speaking by partesh thakur eBooks for free and learn more about ielts speaking by partesh thakur. These books contain exercises and tutorials to improve your practical skills, at all levels!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.805405
Retrieved Text: Do you sometimes find your students aren’t motivated? It’s a big problem because students learn more when they’re fired up. And they remember (and like) teachers who give them fun classes while helping them learn quickly and easily at the same time.
But let’s face it, planning dynamic and fun English language classes every week can take a long time.
Learn Hot English Games Pack!
We created the Learn Hot English Games Pack to make classes fun, motivating and practical!
The Learn Hot English Games Pack will help English teachers in middle school and high schools, as well as teachers in academies, company classes and universities.
If you’re looking for warmers, games and fun activities for beginners, business or even advanced classes, our Games Pack will ensure your classes are successful.
With over 130 pages, there are photocopiable worksheets to use in class, as well as Teacher’s Notes so you know exactly what to do.
The Games Pack is full of board games, roleplays, memory games, matching activities and storytelling exercises!
If you have the feeling that your classes could do with a little more FUN, then the Games Pack is just what you’re looking for.
Practice speaking with “travel” vocabulary.
Practice using prepositions of time.
Learn useful words and expressions that are related to activities.
Practice speaking in the past continuous tense.
Practice speaking with “house/home” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using “food” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present simple passive tense.
Practice speaking using modal verbs.
Practice speaking using fashion and clothing vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present perfect simple and continuous tenses.
Practice speaking using zero and first conditionals.
Practice speaking using disaster vocabulary and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.745439
Retrieved Text: You might be thinking that some people are just naturally good at speaking up, and others just aren't - game over. Not true. Speaking up is a skill that you have to learn like any other, whether it's speaking Spanish or doing calculus or changing a tire.
If you're CEO of a company, you have to be a public person. You're speaking to the press, you're speaking to investors, you're speaking to employees, you're the public face of the company and so kind of naturally you become more extroverted, more outwards facing.
The speaking will get easier and easier. And you will find you have fallen in love with your own vision, which you may never have realized you had. And you will lose some friends and lovers, and realize you don't miss them. And new ones will find you and cherish you. And at last you'll know with surpassing certainty that only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth. And that is not speaking.
When I'm speaking of love, when I'm speaking of reversing hate, I'm speaking not only of reconciliation - even I don't use that word - I use another word in Spanish, that's called 'reencuentro' - it's not reconciliation.
Never invite someone who is speaking a foreign language in your presence to "Go back to your country." The only time that phrase is every acceptable is if you are British and you are speaking to Madonna.
I discovered that it's not really about the language. It's about how the words are pronounced and the delivery.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.737333
Retrieved Text: Hello to everyone. Hope you all are doing great! I am Jass from New Zealand. I’m looking for a speaking buddy and my target to achieve 7 band score. I got 6.5 in the last exam. Is anyone out there who genuinely wants to practice speaking? Please join me on WhatsApp +642040877706. Thanks in advance.
Hello, I am going to attempt the IELTS test on May 11, and I am looking for a partner for speaking practice who is also willing to do it. Is there any person who is also going to attempt the test? It would be a good thing for preparation. So kindly email me on ullahihsan822@gmail.com or contact me on +923081118888.
Hi, I am Sandy from India. I am going for the IELTS exam in June, and I need a serious speaking partner.
Hello all. I am looking for a partner for speaking. Also, it would be good if we keep in touch and share our knowledge and information about the IELTS exam. (IELTS materials, resources, etc). My WhatsApp number is +37254772049.
Hi everyone, I’m Joanne and I’m preparing for IELTS Academic test. This is my first IELTS exam. My Exam is on May 11th and I’m looking for a serious partner to get help in speaking. If anyone is interested then send me an email. My Skype ID is fbwlgh213@naver.com. Thanks in advance.
I have seen your comment and I am preparing for GT next June. I wonder if it is possible to practise speaking together via Skype and we can agree on times.
I did try

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.67734
Retrieved Text: Recent evidence suggests that communication is crucial to corporate success. Employees and the clients would like to hear from the executives now than ever before. However, finding the right public speaking coach is a tall order. Without the necessary plans, the process can become daunting. This does not mean that you cannot find a professional public speaking coach. Here is a quick guide to help you identify the best public speaking coach.
The first thing you should have in mind is the experience of the public speaking coach you want to hire. How long has the public speaking coach been in business? Has the public speaking coach been awarded for exemplary public coaching skills during that period? These are some of the questions you ought to ask yourself before you hire a public speaking coach. It is also prudent to check the portfolio of the public speaking coach you have in mind. By checking the portfolio, you will also get to learn more info about the coach's style.
Another thing you should think about is the practice area of the public speaking coach you have in mind. You would not want to end up with a public speaking coach who is not well versed with the pressures of the industry. That technical knowledge will be immensely helpful. Visit the website of the public speaking coach you have in mind to learn more about their area of practice. You can also give the public speaking coach a call.
The cost is the other crucial consideration you should make. You do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.664134
Retrieved Text: Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.595312
Retrieved Text: When it comes to speaking in front of the class, some students shine and others find the experience dreadful. For authors Craig O. Stewart et al., the level of comfort that students have with public speaking is not simply a matter of preparation and student demeanor. Rather it is largely a matter of whether students perceive public speaking as a skill that can be developed or a “gift” that students either have or don’t have.
In their paper, “An Initial Exploration of Students’ Mindsets, Attitudes, and Beliefs About Public Speaking,” Stewart et al. explain that students with fixed mindsets “perceive personal attributes as largely unchangeable,” while students with growth mindsets “describe personal attributes as ‘things you can cultivate through your efforts’” (180). For their study, the authors surveyed 317 undergraduate students, who responded to 61 statements using a 5-point scale (1=strongly disagree, 5=strongly agree). The statements covered topics including public speaking apprehension, perceived competence, students’ mindsets (fixed or growth), the purpose of public speaking, the function of revision and rehearsal, and audience adaptations (181-182).
“I use language that is extremely clear” (183).
Students with growth mindsets (who saw public speaking as a skill to be learned and developed) felt more comfortable with public speaking.
Students with growth mindsets were less likely to believe that the most important reason to give a speech is to report what experts think (183-184).
Students with growth mindsets were more likely to believe that giving speeches helps them develop their own understanding of ideas and express their own views on subjects (183-184).
Stewart et al. suggest that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.585143
Retrieved Text: In response to the expanding international nature of the needs of global speaking members, international clients, and global audiences, the Global Speakers Federation has established the framework for a designation that recognizes professional speakers successfully presenting at a global level.
Successfully working across continents as a global presenter requires business acumen, specialized knowledge, and mastery of key competencies unique to presenting in global markets.
The key competencies of a successful global speaker and the component elements of these competencies are a part of the body of knowledge and educational content being developed exclusively by the GSF.
The GSF seeks to deliver educational content and tools that will improve the success of global professional speakers, reduce risks for international clients, and increase value for global audiences.
These four competencies provide the framework for evaluating mastery of a speaker’s capabilities in global markets. The measures of continued success in global markets, the input of those who hire professional speakers, and the assessment of the knowledge the speaker conveys are combined to determine an applicant’s grasp and capability within the competencies.
Each competency has several components, developed into modules by key professionals under the guidance of an education committee to help professional speakers learn from the experience and insight of others. Each competency list is arranged in order of importance as determined through surveys and interviews. Those competencies ranked highest are a part of the Global Speaking Fellow assessment criteria.
Who can apply for the designation Global Speaking Fellow?
If I’m a CSP or FPSA, why do I need the Global Speaking Fellow designation?
Without taking away

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.52836
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence is the book to read if you want to start public speaking or if your public speaking needs improvement. This book Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence will give you get information to feel more confident while public speaking. Public speaking can really make people very nervous, this book explains and tells you how to use that energy to your advantage. There is so much great information in this book to get you started, improve yours public speaking skills.
I received this book free from Beck Valley Tours to review and share my honest opinion. My opinion is my own.
AND, COULD YOU DEVELOP THOSE SUPERPOWERS YOURSELF? Author Carma Spence asked these questions of dozens and dozens of speakers and discovered the answer was, “Yes!” Three out of every four people suffer from speech anxiety, and research suggests that people who don’t confront and overcome that fear are less successful in their careers and lives. However, people often look at successful speakers as superheroes with superpowers they, as mere mortals, could never possess. Drawing from extensive research and interviews with business and professional speakers, Public Speaking Super Powers will show you how to: ↪ How to overcome the fear of speaking ↪ Develop the skills needed to be a success on the stage, such as storytelling and humor ↪ Master techniques like a superhero speaker, such as audience engagement, and using your voice, body language and eye contact effectively and much more… There is even a bonus chapter on the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.517742
Retrieved Text: To honor men and women who strive for and attain excellence in the study of Spanish and in the knowledge of the literature and culture of Spanish-speaking people.
To honor those who work to make known to English-speaking peoples the Hispanic contributions to world cultures.
To encourage a greater interest in and deeper understanding among college students of Hispanic cultures.
To foster friendly relations and mutual respect between Spanish-speaking and English-speaking peoples.
The official name of this society is Sigma Delta Mu, the National Honor Society for Hispanic Studies for two-year colleges.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.51466
Retrieved Text: Ativan comes as 0. Public speaking is reported only by a few people who take tramadol for root canal pain Ativan. Com//439adg/best_drugs_for_public_speaking Best drugs for public speaking? I just recently ativan dosage public speaking started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Dissolves under the tongue and starts taking effect. Beta blockers are prescribed in small doses (typically 10mg of propranolol) for "stage fright". I just recently started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Lorazepam/ativan on the acetaminophen tramadol dosis other-hand is strictly for as needed and is in and out of your system quickly. My question is what is the highest dose allowed Apr 29, 2011 · Opinions - Benzos for social anxiety (public speaking)? Apr 20, 2006 · April 20, 2006 -- Fear of public speaking strikes some people harder -- and differently -- than others, according to a new study.. Others take alprazolam, also known as Xanax. We study 53,004 people who have side effects while taking Ativan from FDA. I was prescribed Inderal for the public speaking and. What is the proper propranolol dosage in order to prevent the symptoms associated with anxiety-provoking situations? Jesus im wondering why the hell my doctor prescribed it Pete Dunham8 Husking since 1990. This is typically given to performers, or public speaker who have anxiety. But he has heard of. My topic was to get their ok

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.495874
Retrieved Text: Legally Speaking is a blessing for anyone interested in improving their public speaking technique. Who will gain from reading Legally Speaking? Everyone.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.4540615
Retrieved Text: If you’re an entrepreneur, I’m sure you value the ability to speak well in front of people. If you’re an entrepreneur who is seeking investor funding, effective public speaking becomes even more important. Why?
A pitch from a great public speaker elicits confidence in the speaker. Who would you rather give money to: someone who is humming and hawing all throughout the pitch, or someone who delivers the pitch self-assuredly? Door number 2, please! I don’t think I’m alone in that sentiment. Investors by and large are way more likely to invest in people who communicate well. If they communicate well to the investors, chances are they’ll communicate well to employees, vendors, and customers. You know what all that leads to? Money!
If you’re an entrepreneur who doesn’t pitch to investors, you still have to communicate. How do you get your employees to be productive? How about getting vendors to provide you with what you want? And getting customers to buy? Public speaking! If you present clearly to employees what you need them to do, they’ll be more productive and make money for your enterprise. If you tell vendors exactly what you need, they’re more likely to give it to you. If you give customers a clear vision of what your product or service will do for them and how it will transform them, they’re more likely to buy.
You know what else excelling at public speaking can lead to? Opportunities you weren’t even looking for. Public speaking led me to join a speaker’s guild, which led me to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.439921
Retrieved Text: Stuttering Online Therapy is an interactive one-on-one videoconferencing treatment for stuttering. It is designed for people who want the highest quality therapy from the comfort of their home or office. Clients around the globe meet a specially trained clinician for individualized face-to-face treatment.
At Stuttering Online Therapy we use a holistic approach that focuses on the person who presents a problem of speech fluency, instead of focusing on the speech itself. Our clients develop the normal and natural way of speaking, because we believe that our goal is to help people who stutter experience the pleasure of speaking and communicating thoughts and ideas in the same way that fluent speakers experience speaking.
Stuttering Online Therapy follows the Dynamic Stuttering Therapy approach. This is an innovative and highly successful treatment approach that was developed by Barbara Dahm during 20 years of working intensively with people who stutter.
At Online Stuttering Therapy, we treat people who stutter from the age of approximately 12 years through adult.
The Dynamic Stuttering Therapy workbook is used as a basis for treatment. Although all people who participate in treatment learn the same normal way of generating speech, the sessions are individualized to suit each client’s needs.
The therapy consists of practical activities that develop the normal neurological process for speaking as well as activities that precipitate change in attitudes, beliefs related to speaking, and behavior.
When treating children under the age of 18 we require an online discussion with parents or legal guardians prior to beginning therapy and at intervals during the therapy process. In some cases we

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.4246855
Retrieved Text: Home \ Frankly Speaking \ Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
On the day of the municipal elections in South Africa, Andrew and Rori set up camp outside a voting station to engage with voters about who they are voting for and what informs their voting decisions.
Frankly Speaking – Why are you Hating on the CEO SleepOut?
Frankly Speaking – Is she your Domestic Worker or your Slave?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.418066
Retrieved Text: It is a fear that many people face – a fear of speaking before a large crowd. But you must be aware that you can stand to gain a lot by overcoming the fear of public speaking. It helps you develop leadership skills and also helps in improving your self esteem. There are a lot of people who ignore this.
Have you wondered how to overcome fear of public speaking?
One of the major benefits of overcoming fear is self confidence. Overcoming the fear of public speaking builds self confidence and makes a person more sociable. Self confidence also helps in creating a positive outlook and mental attitude in an individual.
Another benefit is an increase in self esteem, that is how a person values or regards himself. This is another social trait that you can gain not only for the benefit of others, but also towards shaping your character and personality.
If you get yourself to overcome the fear of speaking before a crowd, you can also gain mastery in the art of communication.
Many may not be aware of it, but the secret to good communication skills relies on a person’s ability to interact well. When a person is comfortable with speaking before a group of people, he or she tends to have more focus on the topics that are being discussed and may be able to comprehend matters and topics well. Those who fear public speaking are likely to think of various other issues rather than concentrating on what’s happening around them.
Another positive outcome of overcoming the fear

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.415751
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Tips to Attain Speechmastery.
The Public Speaking Tips and suggestions you will find here will be divided into the three pillars of great speaking.
If you have personal speaking tips, speech improvement suggestions or a favorite from a book, please suggest them here.
Please include the name and title. If you disagree with one, please explain why. Be helped and help others. You will find that by creating a community we can better work towards and reach our individual goals. All you need to do is share your comments.
Your name and e-mail address will never be sold, rented, folded, spindled or mutilated in any way. Your tips will be shared with little fanfare. We would like to give you credit if you would not mind.
What You Say on Biz Voice Mail speaking tip.
What You Say on Personal Voice Mail speaking tip.
Consider the words that make up our speech. Look at some tips that will help you grow as a speaker. What things can be included and what things should be avoided in what we say when public speaking.
Public Speaking Top 10 List looks at the use of numbered lists. Which is best?
The power of pauses Have you ever known someone who talks so fast and so continuous you feel out of breath? We can inadvertently do the same thing from the platform. Don't forget to strategically place pauses in change of thoughts, at the end of main points, and where ever you want to add emphasis.
Do You Use Connecters and Connectives? I not, you should.
Presenting Yourself in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.411194
Retrieved Text: The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is a globally recognised qualification. It is a highly practical English language assessment primarily used by those seeking international academic and professional recognition.
This programme prepares learners for all parts of the IELTS exam – the listening, reading, writing and speaking modules. It focuses on the skills and techniques required to sit for the test by helping familiarise learners with the various test formats and test-taking strategies. Learners will practice different language task types through a variety of activities, games and tutorials.
The course is also suitable for people who want to emigrate to an English-speaking country for work or do work-related training in an English-speaking country.
What are the aims of the Exam Preparation Course?
Who is eligible to enrol on this course?
The minimum entry level for the IELTS preparation course is Intermediate English language proficiency (B1+).
The programme is suitable for those who want to take the IELTS test and who plan to study or work in an English speaking environment.
Who should apply for this course?How will my progress on this course be assessed?
Your progress is assessed weekly by your class teacher. You will also have an end of unit test every Friday and an Individual Learning Plan (ILP) when you can discuss your progress one-to-one with your teacher.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.376517
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to figure out how to make speaking work for your business? If so, curl up friend—this is for you!
I tell people I’m an ENFJ Myers-Briggs who doesn’t know where the “E” comes from—truthfully, I test 1 point over on extrovert than introvert on the personality test most days … I think that stems from a background in communications and public relations. In fact, I get most my energy from processing alone and am pretty quiet and introverted!
But, I like to speak.
Going from a shy girl who adored leadership in high school to someone who doesn’t get too nervous to stand on a stage has been a big journey in my life, and I’m far from perfect at speaking! I do attribute it a lot to leadership in a sorority in college—serving as recruitment chair, then chapter president, then as a leadership consultant traveling and speaking in front of hundreds of women was ripping the band-aid off for me.
These days, speaking looks more like telling my story of eating disorder and anxiety recovery + copywriting training.
Which brings me to Jessica. 🙂 My speaking coach!
Today, I’m honored to swing your way with a new podcast episode over on the NEW podcast, The Creative Speaker, hosted by my coach Jessica Rasdall.
The Creative Speaker is a podcast for creatives to learn how we can elevate our industry when it comes to conferences, education, and speaking.
On this episode, Jess digs into how I got started speaking, how to make it part of your business model, and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.367553
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone experiences some stress in speaking situations–don’t let stress stop you, or ruin your presentations.
In my work with professionals, executives and small business people, a common issue that comes up is difficulty speaking in certain situations. My clients know they need to be able to speak confidently to be effective — and successful — but their stress keeps them from reaching their potential. The stress-relieving technique I use often eliminates their dread of having to speak, usually in just a few sessions or less.
Most people think that the fear of public speaking is about talking to a large audience. They picture being at a microphone on a platform in front of a gymnasium full of people. While that can be a big source of stress, it’s not the only kind of stressful speaking situation that can interfere with making a good impression — and succeeding — in your career or business.
The size of the audience is a factor for many people. Some are fine as long as the group they are speaking to is less than twenty-five. For others, just thinking about speaking to any group of over three people sets the butterflies off in their stomachs.
Who they are speaking to can have a major impact on others. I often hear from clients about how they just can’t seem to organize their thoughts when speaking to someone in authority, whether that is their boss, the head of the department, or the board of directors. Others have difficulty with people they don’t know well. I worked

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.359928
Retrieved Text: Prove your English skills to the world with these certifications.
The TOEFL exam is for students who want to study at an English speaking school.
The TOEIC exam is for people who want to get a job at an English speaking company.
The TOSEL exam is for people who want to teach English as a second language professionally.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.3572855
Retrieved Text: For some reason, I seem to write a lot of entries about Kansas. Can’t imagine why that is, but it might have something to do with the fact that many Kansas residents are apparently out of their friggin’ gourds. Take, for example, Jennifer Watt, a school principal who suspended a student for speaking Spanish at school.
A school superintendent in Kansas has apologized to a high school student suspended for speaking Spanish at school.
Zach Rubio, 16, was sent home from the Endeavor Alternative School last month for speaking in Spanish in the cafeteria and elsewhere at school.
Principal Jennifer Watts sent him home and suspended him through the following day.
District officials told the boy’s father the action was a direct result of his speaking Spanish. Rubio’s father is a Mexican immigrant who has lived in the U.S. for 25 years.
Yes, you did read the right, the only “crime” that Rubio committed was speaking his native tongue. Apparently, in Kansas, that’s worthy of suspension from school.
Air marshalls justified in shooting Alpizar?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.347989
Retrieved Text: There's a slightly longer piece about her at Amanda America Dickson (1849-1893) | New Georgia Encyclopedia.
People regularly ask if the Liavek anthologies will ever be available as ebooks or republished in paper. The official answer is now "Yes and no." The rights to the stories are complicated in a few cases, so I suspect we'll end up releasing The Incompleat Liavek as ebooks. No promises, but I hope to have the first volume out by the end of the year.
If the beginning doesn't do it for you, skip ahead a minute.
The debate over 'speaking white' is about a black woman who objected to the phrase "speaking white". She insists it's just "speaking proper". What she misses is that "proper" is what the local ruling class speaks, and working-class white people tend to have an accent and grammar that's not the same. If a black person talked like the traditional Bronx cabbie or Mississippi "white trash", they might be "speaking white", but that's not what people who talk about "speaking white" are trying to say. They're not talking about race betrayal. They're talking about class betrayal.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.344996
Retrieved Text: Want To Join An English Speaking Club? Here is a chance to improve your speaking skills.Make sure to read This First!
English Speaking Club is a great way to improve your English speaking skills. The classes can be both designed for intermediate and basic students in different days.
Speaking Clubs are a great way to practice English speaking with like-minded English language learners. The biggest advantage of an English Speaking club as opposed to a traditional English school is that English Speaking clubs allow students to practice speaking in an informal, relaxed environment.
Intermediate level ,this group are the students who possess intermediate skills in reading , writing, listening and speaking in English . They have intermediate conversational skills and are able to study complex grammatical structures building on reading comprehension and development of writing skills.
The other level can be basic level which you have learned the basics of English grammar and have developed a vocabulary of around 100 words, and you want to start practicing English speaking.
Last but not least ,Improving English speaking is all about practice. The more time you can spend everyday speaking in English, the faster you will improve so the English group should meet regularly and practice for a couple of hours. Some members will find it harder to commit to this than others, so be ready for experiencing and learning .
Eğitim Başlangıç tarihi: 06 Şubat 2019'dur. Sınıflarımız en fazla 6 kişidir.
Akademik ve İdari personele özel hazırlanmış bir eğitimdir.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.338838
Retrieved Text: Practice is by far the best way of improving you speaking abilities. Justlearn.com has hundreds of online tutors who can help you practice and develop your English speaking skills, so take a look!
Forum>How can I improve English speaking?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.338417
Retrieved Text: How good are your public speaking skills?
Many writers are more comfortable at their keyboards than at lecterns. Many executives are more comfortable speaking one-on-one than speaking on a panel. Many authors are more comfortable writing a book than doing the book talks.
Yet good public speaking skills are essential to any career.
It’s the terrific conference speaker who gets the best social media coverage.
It’s the confident entrepreneur whose presentation brings in more business.
It’s the savvy lecturer who gets the job promotion.
It’s the articulate PR person who scores a raise.
It’s the author with top platform skills who gets a bigger advance on her next book.
1. Look for opportunities to speak. The more you do it, the better you’ll get.
2. Not comfortable speaking in public? Turn to Toastmasters for practical advice.
3. Write down your public speaking goals. Do you want to improve eye contact … create social media buzz … use stronger body language? Tackle one goal each time you present.
5. Ask a colleague to give you one specific suggestion.
6. Watch speeches. Take notes. See what works and what doesn’t work – then have fun figuring out why.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.337165
Retrieved Text: Powerful speaking is not a new phenomenon. In his 1880 book, History of England: Volume I, Thomas Macauley wrote about William Pitt the Younger, who became Prime Minister of England at the age of 24: "Parliamentary government is government by speaking. In such a government, the power of speaking is the most highly prized of all the qualities which a politician can possess; and that power may exist, in the highest degree, without judgment, without fortitude...without any skill in diplomacy or in the administration of war." That is why Pitt, who was lauded for his remarkable talent for making speeches, was a successful politician despite his lack of experience and political savvy.
I have seen what a newfound speaking ability can do for a person. Being a good presenter makes you visible, and in corporations, money, resources, and power flow to the visible high achiever. The visibility that speaking abilities give you becomes part of your overall professional growth. A colleague of mine at a large Fortune 500 company moved through the ranks with startling speed and ease. Many of his peers were just as competent, but he was a very good public speaker; his presentations were effective, persuasive events. He had an undeniable edge.
I also watched the careers of two executives at a large manufacturing firm. She was a highly persuasive speaker who had studied public speaking and ran dynamic meetings. She really knew how to inform and persuade. He, on the other hand, was a dull speaker. After five years, she was vice president of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.328839
Retrieved Text: Speaking languages spontaneously can be quite of daunting, especially at in a GCSE French, German or Spanish classroom.
However, one of my professional targets this year is to develop my application of teaching spontaneous speaking in languages at GCSE (in my case, that’s French and German), and so I am always on the look out for exciting speaking activities that will really help learners to be able to develop this skill within the classroom.
I have found many activities through fantastic teachers on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest who willingly share their ideas, but I want to improve my own creativity in the classroom and have therefore developed an activity to get GCSE MFL students speaking languages and asking questions in small groups of 3 students.
Why Use This Activity for Speaking Languages at GCSE?
Spontaneous speaking and questioning are an integral part of the reformed 9-1 MFL speaking examinations and keeping students motivated to speak in a safe environment is key. This activity combines the two and allows the teacher to circulate around the room, helping students who may be struggling, checking answers, making a note of common misconceptions, as well as areas for whole group feedback later on.
When Should This Activity for Speaking Be Used?
This activity allows students to focus on developing their questioning and speaking after input has been given on question forming and vocabulary related to a particular topic. For example, I used this with year 8 students after the topic of ‘Paris’ in Studio 2, once they had covered all the vocabulary and past tense structures,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.315857
Retrieved Text: The county-wide 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking County contest was held on May 15, 2013 in Milton, Florida. Santa Rosa County school winners representing 4th, 5th and 6th grade participated in the County Contest.
The 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking program is made available each year for 4th, 5th and 6th grade teachers to implant as a 4-H School Enrichment program. This unique program is designed to provide a fun way for students to learn public speaking skills.
Curriculum materials including a teacher lesson plan guide and student materials are made available to teachers at no cost. Teachers who choose to participate in the program utilize the curriculum materials provided and conduct classroom contests to determine classroom winners who advance to a school competition.
Participating schools conduct a contest to determine school winners who are awarded 1st, 2nd and 3rd place medals.
There are currently no comments on W.H. Rhodes fifth grader takes first in Public Speaking Contest. Perhaps you would like to add one of your own?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.301959
Retrieved Text: Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday said there is no fraud or scam did by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is hiding out in Antigua, speaking on his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone. Since I am in a smaller country, therefore, I have become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday denied any fraud or scam by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is in Antigua, spoke of his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone in and make him a scapegoat. He said since he is in a smaller country, he has become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi earlier in the day broke his silence and released a video in which he said termed all the allegations against levelled by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) as baseless. Choksi was speaking to news agency ANI while the questions which he answered were asked by his lawyer in Antigua.
Speaking in the interview, Mehul Choksi said that all the allegations against him are false and baseless and added that ED has attached his immovable properties without

================



======= Instance Index 18406 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: I went camping a lot as a kid , and those are some of my fondest memories . The kids had fun , though were a bit on the freaking - out - and - whining - side . Oliver was having trouble walking in the sand , and was stumbling everywhere . When he was n't falling , he wanted to touch the fire or the barbeque .
Question: Who is speaking ?
Options: 
- A Father
 - A Grandchild
 - A Child
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: A Father

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.078548
Retrieved Text: Use this book together with the instagram page @ieltsjournal The instagram page contains lessons that show how to use the ideas from this book. You can keep in …... IELTS SPEAKING TIPS Discover what you need to do to increase your IELTS speaking score to 7.0 and beyond . About these IELTS Speaking Tips These speaking tips are designed to help IELTS students get a better understanding of the IELTS speaking exam.
Tips for IELTS Speaking for Academic/General Training Module is an essential book for IELTS learners to score Band 7.0+ in the IELTS Speaking Module. What is IELTS Speaking? The IELTS Speaking Test is the final part of the exam.
Who is Collins English Speaking book for? This book is a short, self-study guide book for IELTS exam preparation. It is a vital period for candidates who wish to obtain an internationally-recognized certificate, specifically the IELTS one.
Download our ielts speaking by partesh thakur eBooks for free and learn more about ielts speaking by partesh thakur. These books contain exercises and tutorials to improve your practical skills, at all levels!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.805405
Retrieved Text: Do you sometimes find your students aren’t motivated? It’s a big problem because students learn more when they’re fired up. And they remember (and like) teachers who give them fun classes while helping them learn quickly and easily at the same time.
But let’s face it, planning dynamic and fun English language classes every week can take a long time.
Learn Hot English Games Pack!
We created the Learn Hot English Games Pack to make classes fun, motivating and practical!
The Learn Hot English Games Pack will help English teachers in middle school and high schools, as well as teachers in academies, company classes and universities.
If you’re looking for warmers, games and fun activities for beginners, business or even advanced classes, our Games Pack will ensure your classes are successful.
With over 130 pages, there are photocopiable worksheets to use in class, as well as Teacher’s Notes so you know exactly what to do.
The Games Pack is full of board games, roleplays, memory games, matching activities and storytelling exercises!
If you have the feeling that your classes could do with a little more FUN, then the Games Pack is just what you’re looking for.
Practice speaking with “travel” vocabulary.
Practice using prepositions of time.
Learn useful words and expressions that are related to activities.
Practice speaking in the past continuous tense.
Practice speaking with “house/home” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using “food” vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present simple passive tense.
Practice speaking using modal verbs.
Practice speaking using fashion and clothing vocabulary.
Practice speaking using the present perfect simple and continuous tenses.
Practice speaking using zero and first conditionals.
Practice speaking using disaster vocabulary and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.745439
Retrieved Text: You might be thinking that some people are just naturally good at speaking up, and others just aren't - game over. Not true. Speaking up is a skill that you have to learn like any other, whether it's speaking Spanish or doing calculus or changing a tire.
If you're CEO of a company, you have to be a public person. You're speaking to the press, you're speaking to investors, you're speaking to employees, you're the public face of the company and so kind of naturally you become more extroverted, more outwards facing.
The speaking will get easier and easier. And you will find you have fallen in love with your own vision, which you may never have realized you had. And you will lose some friends and lovers, and realize you don't miss them. And new ones will find you and cherish you. And at last you'll know with surpassing certainty that only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth. And that is not speaking.
When I'm speaking of love, when I'm speaking of reversing hate, I'm speaking not only of reconciliation - even I don't use that word - I use another word in Spanish, that's called 'reencuentro' - it's not reconciliation.
Never invite someone who is speaking a foreign language in your presence to "Go back to your country." The only time that phrase is every acceptable is if you are British and you are speaking to Madonna.
I discovered that it's not really about the language. It's about how the words are pronounced and the delivery.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.737333
Retrieved Text: Hello to everyone. Hope you all are doing great! I am Jass from New Zealand. I’m looking for a speaking buddy and my target to achieve 7 band score. I got 6.5 in the last exam. Is anyone out there who genuinely wants to practice speaking? Please join me on WhatsApp +642040877706. Thanks in advance.
Hello, I am going to attempt the IELTS test on May 11, and I am looking for a partner for speaking practice who is also willing to do it. Is there any person who is also going to attempt the test? It would be a good thing for preparation. So kindly email me on ullahihsan822@gmail.com or contact me on +923081118888.
Hi, I am Sandy from India. I am going for the IELTS exam in June, and I need a serious speaking partner.
Hello all. I am looking for a partner for speaking. Also, it would be good if we keep in touch and share our knowledge and information about the IELTS exam. (IELTS materials, resources, etc). My WhatsApp number is +37254772049.
Hi everyone, I’m Joanne and I’m preparing for IELTS Academic test. This is my first IELTS exam. My Exam is on May 11th and I’m looking for a serious partner to get help in speaking. If anyone is interested then send me an email. My Skype ID is fbwlgh213@naver.com. Thanks in advance.
I have seen your comment and I am preparing for GT next June. I wonder if it is possible to practise speaking together via Skype and we can agree on times.
I did try

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.67734
Retrieved Text: Recent evidence suggests that communication is crucial to corporate success. Employees and the clients would like to hear from the executives now than ever before. However, finding the right public speaking coach is a tall order. Without the necessary plans, the process can become daunting. This does not mean that you cannot find a professional public speaking coach. Here is a quick guide to help you identify the best public speaking coach.
The first thing you should have in mind is the experience of the public speaking coach you want to hire. How long has the public speaking coach been in business? Has the public speaking coach been awarded for exemplary public coaching skills during that period? These are some of the questions you ought to ask yourself before you hire a public speaking coach. It is also prudent to check the portfolio of the public speaking coach you have in mind. By checking the portfolio, you will also get to learn more info about the coach's style.
Another thing you should think about is the practice area of the public speaking coach you have in mind. You would not want to end up with a public speaking coach who is not well versed with the pressures of the industry. That technical knowledge will be immensely helpful. Visit the website of the public speaking coach you have in mind to learn more about their area of practice. You can also give the public speaking coach a call.
The cost is the other crucial consideration you should make. You do

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.664134
Retrieved Text: Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!Hey my name is Kristen. I'm an elder care provider who is good and look forward to helping your family. I look forward to speaking with you!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.595312
Retrieved Text: When it comes to speaking in front of the class, some students shine and others find the experience dreadful. For authors Craig O. Stewart et al., the level of comfort that students have with public speaking is not simply a matter of preparation and student demeanor. Rather it is largely a matter of whether students perceive public speaking as a skill that can be developed or a “gift” that students either have or don’t have.
In their paper, “An Initial Exploration of Students’ Mindsets, Attitudes, and Beliefs About Public Speaking,” Stewart et al. explain that students with fixed mindsets “perceive personal attributes as largely unchangeable,” while students with growth mindsets “describe personal attributes as ‘things you can cultivate through your efforts’” (180). For their study, the authors surveyed 317 undergraduate students, who responded to 61 statements using a 5-point scale (1=strongly disagree, 5=strongly agree). The statements covered topics including public speaking apprehension, perceived competence, students’ mindsets (fixed or growth), the purpose of public speaking, the function of revision and rehearsal, and audience adaptations (181-182).
“I use language that is extremely clear” (183).
Students with growth mindsets (who saw public speaking as a skill to be learned and developed) felt more comfortable with public speaking.
Students with growth mindsets were less likely to believe that the most important reason to give a speech is to report what experts think (183-184).
Students with growth mindsets were more likely to believe that giving speeches helps them develop their own understanding of ideas and express their own views on subjects (183-184).
Stewart et al. suggest that

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.585143
Retrieved Text: In response to the expanding international nature of the needs of global speaking members, international clients, and global audiences, the Global Speakers Federation has established the framework for a designation that recognizes professional speakers successfully presenting at a global level.
Successfully working across continents as a global presenter requires business acumen, specialized knowledge, and mastery of key competencies unique to presenting in global markets.
The key competencies of a successful global speaker and the component elements of these competencies are a part of the body of knowledge and educational content being developed exclusively by the GSF.
The GSF seeks to deliver educational content and tools that will improve the success of global professional speakers, reduce risks for international clients, and increase value for global audiences.
These four competencies provide the framework for evaluating mastery of a speaker’s capabilities in global markets. The measures of continued success in global markets, the input of those who hire professional speakers, and the assessment of the knowledge the speaker conveys are combined to determine an applicant’s grasp and capability within the competencies.
Each competency has several components, developed into modules by key professionals under the guidance of an education committee to help professional speakers learn from the experience and insight of others. Each competency list is arranged in order of importance as determined through surveys and interviews. Those competencies ranked highest are a part of the Global Speaking Fellow assessment criteria.
Who can apply for the designation Global Speaking Fellow?
If I’m a CSP or FPSA, why do I need the Global Speaking Fellow designation?
Without taking away

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.52836
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence is the book to read if you want to start public speaking or if your public speaking needs improvement. This book Public Speaking Super Powers by Carma Spence will give you get information to feel more confident while public speaking. Public speaking can really make people very nervous, this book explains and tells you how to use that energy to your advantage. There is so much great information in this book to get you started, improve yours public speaking skills.
I received this book free from Beck Valley Tours to review and share my honest opinion. My opinion is my own.
AND, COULD YOU DEVELOP THOSE SUPERPOWERS YOURSELF? Author Carma Spence asked these questions of dozens and dozens of speakers and discovered the answer was, “Yes!” Three out of every four people suffer from speech anxiety, and research suggests that people who don’t confront and overcome that fear are less successful in their careers and lives. However, people often look at successful speakers as superheroes with superpowers they, as mere mortals, could never possess. Drawing from extensive research and interviews with business and professional speakers, Public Speaking Super Powers will show you how to: ↪ How to overcome the fear of speaking ↪ Develop the skills needed to be a success on the stage, such as storytelling and humor ↪ Master techniques like a superhero speaker, such as audience engagement, and using your voice, body language and eye contact effectively and much more… There is even a bonus chapter on the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.517742
Retrieved Text: To honor men and women who strive for and attain excellence in the study of Spanish and in the knowledge of the literature and culture of Spanish-speaking people.
To honor those who work to make known to English-speaking peoples the Hispanic contributions to world cultures.
To encourage a greater interest in and deeper understanding among college students of Hispanic cultures.
To foster friendly relations and mutual respect between Spanish-speaking and English-speaking peoples.
The official name of this society is Sigma Delta Mu, the National Honor Society for Hispanic Studies for two-year colleges.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.51466
Retrieved Text: Ativan comes as 0. Public speaking is reported only by a few people who take tramadol for root canal pain Ativan. Com//439adg/best_drugs_for_public_speaking Best drugs for public speaking? I just recently ativan dosage public speaking started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Dissolves under the tongue and starts taking effect. Beta blockers are prescribed in small doses (typically 10mg of propranolol) for "stage fright". I just recently started seeing improvements in anxiety i would have a couple days before the speech and its pretty much gone which is awesome! Lorazepam/ativan on the acetaminophen tramadol dosis other-hand is strictly for as needed and is in and out of your system quickly. My question is what is the highest dose allowed Apr 29, 2011 · Opinions - Benzos for social anxiety (public speaking)? Apr 20, 2006 · April 20, 2006 -- Fear of public speaking strikes some people harder -- and differently -- than others, according to a new study.. Others take alprazolam, also known as Xanax. We study 53,004 people who have side effects while taking Ativan from FDA. I was prescribed Inderal for the public speaking and. What is the proper propranolol dosage in order to prevent the symptoms associated with anxiety-provoking situations? Jesus im wondering why the hell my doctor prescribed it Pete Dunham8 Husking since 1990. This is typically given to performers, or public speaker who have anxiety. But he has heard of. My topic was to get their ok

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.495874
Retrieved Text: Legally Speaking is a blessing for anyone interested in improving their public speaking technique. Who will gain from reading Legally Speaking? Everyone.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.4540615
Retrieved Text: If you’re an entrepreneur, I’m sure you value the ability to speak well in front of people. If you’re an entrepreneur who is seeking investor funding, effective public speaking becomes even more important. Why?
A pitch from a great public speaker elicits confidence in the speaker. Who would you rather give money to: someone who is humming and hawing all throughout the pitch, or someone who delivers the pitch self-assuredly? Door number 2, please! I don’t think I’m alone in that sentiment. Investors by and large are way more likely to invest in people who communicate well. If they communicate well to the investors, chances are they’ll communicate well to employees, vendors, and customers. You know what all that leads to? Money!
If you’re an entrepreneur who doesn’t pitch to investors, you still have to communicate. How do you get your employees to be productive? How about getting vendors to provide you with what you want? And getting customers to buy? Public speaking! If you present clearly to employees what you need them to do, they’ll be more productive and make money for your enterprise. If you tell vendors exactly what you need, they’re more likely to give it to you. If you give customers a clear vision of what your product or service will do for them and how it will transform them, they’re more likely to buy.
You know what else excelling at public speaking can lead to? Opportunities you weren’t even looking for. Public speaking led me to join a speaker’s guild, which led me to

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.439921
Retrieved Text: Stuttering Online Therapy is an interactive one-on-one videoconferencing treatment for stuttering. It is designed for people who want the highest quality therapy from the comfort of their home or office. Clients around the globe meet a specially trained clinician for individualized face-to-face treatment.
At Stuttering Online Therapy we use a holistic approach that focuses on the person who presents a problem of speech fluency, instead of focusing on the speech itself. Our clients develop the normal and natural way of speaking, because we believe that our goal is to help people who stutter experience the pleasure of speaking and communicating thoughts and ideas in the same way that fluent speakers experience speaking.
Stuttering Online Therapy follows the Dynamic Stuttering Therapy approach. This is an innovative and highly successful treatment approach that was developed by Barbara Dahm during 20 years of working intensively with people who stutter.
At Online Stuttering Therapy, we treat people who stutter from the age of approximately 12 years through adult.
The Dynamic Stuttering Therapy workbook is used as a basis for treatment. Although all people who participate in treatment learn the same normal way of generating speech, the sessions are individualized to suit each client’s needs.
The therapy consists of practical activities that develop the normal neurological process for speaking as well as activities that precipitate change in attitudes, beliefs related to speaking, and behavior.
When treating children under the age of 18 we require an online discussion with parents or legal guardians prior to beginning therapy and at intervals during the therapy process. In some cases we

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.4246855
Retrieved Text: Home \ Frankly Speaking \ Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
Frankly Speaking – Why did you vote the way you did?
On the day of the municipal elections in South Africa, Andrew and Rori set up camp outside a voting station to engage with voters about who they are voting for and what informs their voting decisions.
Frankly Speaking – Why are you Hating on the CEO SleepOut?
Frankly Speaking – Is she your Domestic Worker or your Slave?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.418066
Retrieved Text: It is a fear that many people face – a fear of speaking before a large crowd. But you must be aware that you can stand to gain a lot by overcoming the fear of public speaking. It helps you develop leadership skills and also helps in improving your self esteem. There are a lot of people who ignore this.
Have you wondered how to overcome fear of public speaking?
One of the major benefits of overcoming fear is self confidence. Overcoming the fear of public speaking builds self confidence and makes a person more sociable. Self confidence also helps in creating a positive outlook and mental attitude in an individual.
Another benefit is an increase in self esteem, that is how a person values or regards himself. This is another social trait that you can gain not only for the benefit of others, but also towards shaping your character and personality.
If you get yourself to overcome the fear of speaking before a crowd, you can also gain mastery in the art of communication.
Many may not be aware of it, but the secret to good communication skills relies on a person’s ability to interact well. When a person is comfortable with speaking before a group of people, he or she tends to have more focus on the topics that are being discussed and may be able to comprehend matters and topics well. Those who fear public speaking are likely to think of various other issues rather than concentrating on what’s happening around them.
Another positive outcome of overcoming the fear

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.415751
Retrieved Text: Public Speaking Tips to Attain Speechmastery.
The Public Speaking Tips and suggestions you will find here will be divided into the three pillars of great speaking.
If you have personal speaking tips, speech improvement suggestions or a favorite from a book, please suggest them here.
Please include the name and title. If you disagree with one, please explain why. Be helped and help others. You will find that by creating a community we can better work towards and reach our individual goals. All you need to do is share your comments.
Your name and e-mail address will never be sold, rented, folded, spindled or mutilated in any way. Your tips will be shared with little fanfare. We would like to give you credit if you would not mind.
What You Say on Biz Voice Mail speaking tip.
What You Say on Personal Voice Mail speaking tip.
Consider the words that make up our speech. Look at some tips that will help you grow as a speaker. What things can be included and what things should be avoided in what we say when public speaking.
Public Speaking Top 10 List looks at the use of numbered lists. Which is best?
The power of pauses Have you ever known someone who talks so fast and so continuous you feel out of breath? We can inadvertently do the same thing from the platform. Don't forget to strategically place pauses in change of thoughts, at the end of main points, and where ever you want to add emphasis.
Do You Use Connecters and Connectives? I not, you should.
Presenting Yourself in

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.411194
Retrieved Text: The International English Language Testing System (IELTS) is a globally recognised qualification. It is a highly practical English language assessment primarily used by those seeking international academic and professional recognition.
This programme prepares learners for all parts of the IELTS exam – the listening, reading, writing and speaking modules. It focuses on the skills and techniques required to sit for the test by helping familiarise learners with the various test formats and test-taking strategies. Learners will practice different language task types through a variety of activities, games and tutorials.
The course is also suitable for people who want to emigrate to an English-speaking country for work or do work-related training in an English-speaking country.
What are the aims of the Exam Preparation Course?
Who is eligible to enrol on this course?
The minimum entry level for the IELTS preparation course is Intermediate English language proficiency (B1+).
The programme is suitable for those who want to take the IELTS test and who plan to study or work in an English speaking environment.
Who should apply for this course?How will my progress on this course be assessed?
Your progress is assessed weekly by your class teacher. You will also have an end of unit test every Friday and an Individual Learning Plan (ILP) when you can discuss your progress one-to-one with your teacher.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.376517
Retrieved Text: Have you ever wanted to figure out how to make speaking work for your business? If so, curl up friend—this is for you!
I tell people I’m an ENFJ Myers-Briggs who doesn’t know where the “E” comes from—truthfully, I test 1 point over on extrovert than introvert on the personality test most days … I think that stems from a background in communications and public relations. In fact, I get most my energy from processing alone and am pretty quiet and introverted!
But, I like to speak.
Going from a shy girl who adored leadership in high school to someone who doesn’t get too nervous to stand on a stage has been a big journey in my life, and I’m far from perfect at speaking! I do attribute it a lot to leadership in a sorority in college—serving as recruitment chair, then chapter president, then as a leadership consultant traveling and speaking in front of hundreds of women was ripping the band-aid off for me.
These days, speaking looks more like telling my story of eating disorder and anxiety recovery + copywriting training.
Which brings me to Jessica. 🙂 My speaking coach!
Today, I’m honored to swing your way with a new podcast episode over on the NEW podcast, The Creative Speaker, hosted by my coach Jessica Rasdall.
The Creative Speaker is a podcast for creatives to learn how we can elevate our industry when it comes to conferences, education, and speaking.
On this episode, Jess digs into how I got started speaking, how to make it part of your business model, and more.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.367553
Retrieved Text: Almost everyone experiences some stress in speaking situations–don’t let stress stop you, or ruin your presentations.
In my work with professionals, executives and small business people, a common issue that comes up is difficulty speaking in certain situations. My clients know they need to be able to speak confidently to be effective — and successful — but their stress keeps them from reaching their potential. The stress-relieving technique I use often eliminates their dread of having to speak, usually in just a few sessions or less.
Most people think that the fear of public speaking is about talking to a large audience. They picture being at a microphone on a platform in front of a gymnasium full of people. While that can be a big source of stress, it’s not the only kind of stressful speaking situation that can interfere with making a good impression — and succeeding — in your career or business.
The size of the audience is a factor for many people. Some are fine as long as the group they are speaking to is less than twenty-five. For others, just thinking about speaking to any group of over three people sets the butterflies off in their stomachs.
Who they are speaking to can have a major impact on others. I often hear from clients about how they just can’t seem to organize their thoughts when speaking to someone in authority, whether that is their boss, the head of the department, or the board of directors. Others have difficulty with people they don’t know well. I worked

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.359928
Retrieved Text: Prove your English skills to the world with these certifications.
The TOEFL exam is for students who want to study at an English speaking school.
The TOEIC exam is for people who want to get a job at an English speaking company.
The TOSEL exam is for people who want to teach English as a second language professionally.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.3572855
Retrieved Text: For some reason, I seem to write a lot of entries about Kansas. Can’t imagine why that is, but it might have something to do with the fact that many Kansas residents are apparently out of their friggin’ gourds. Take, for example, Jennifer Watt, a school principal who suspended a student for speaking Spanish at school.
A school superintendent in Kansas has apologized to a high school student suspended for speaking Spanish at school.
Zach Rubio, 16, was sent home from the Endeavor Alternative School last month for speaking in Spanish in the cafeteria and elsewhere at school.
Principal Jennifer Watts sent him home and suspended him through the following day.
District officials told the boy’s father the action was a direct result of his speaking Spanish. Rubio’s father is a Mexican immigrant who has lived in the U.S. for 25 years.
Yes, you did read the right, the only “crime” that Rubio committed was speaking his native tongue. Apparently, in Kansas, that’s worthy of suspension from school.
Air marshalls justified in shooting Alpizar?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.347989
Retrieved Text: There's a slightly longer piece about her at Amanda America Dickson (1849-1893) | New Georgia Encyclopedia.
People regularly ask if the Liavek anthologies will ever be available as ebooks or republished in paper. The official answer is now "Yes and no." The rights to the stories are complicated in a few cases, so I suspect we'll end up releasing The Incompleat Liavek as ebooks. No promises, but I hope to have the first volume out by the end of the year.
If the beginning doesn't do it for you, skip ahead a minute.
The debate over 'speaking white' is about a black woman who objected to the phrase "speaking white". She insists it's just "speaking proper". What she misses is that "proper" is what the local ruling class speaks, and working-class white people tend to have an accent and grammar that's not the same. If a black person talked like the traditional Bronx cabbie or Mississippi "white trash", they might be "speaking white", but that's not what people who talk about "speaking white" are trying to say. They're not talking about race betrayal. They're talking about class betrayal.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.344996
Retrieved Text: Want To Join An English Speaking Club? Here is a chance to improve your speaking skills.Make sure to read This First!
English Speaking Club is a great way to improve your English speaking skills. The classes can be both designed for intermediate and basic students in different days.
Speaking Clubs are a great way to practice English speaking with like-minded English language learners. The biggest advantage of an English Speaking club as opposed to a traditional English school is that English Speaking clubs allow students to practice speaking in an informal, relaxed environment.
Intermediate level ,this group are the students who possess intermediate skills in reading , writing, listening and speaking in English . They have intermediate conversational skills and are able to study complex grammatical structures building on reading comprehension and development of writing skills.
The other level can be basic level which you have learned the basics of English grammar and have developed a vocabulary of around 100 words, and you want to start practicing English speaking.
Last but not least ,Improving English speaking is all about practice. The more time you can spend everyday speaking in English, the faster you will improve so the English group should meet regularly and practice for a couple of hours. Some members will find it harder to commit to this than others, so be ready for experiencing and learning .
Eğitim Başlangıç tarihi: 06 Şubat 2019'dur. Sınıflarımız en fazla 6 kişidir.
Akademik ve İdari personele özel hazırlanmış bir eğitimdir.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.338838
Retrieved Text: Practice is by far the best way of improving you speaking abilities. Justlearn.com has hundreds of online tutors who can help you practice and develop your English speaking skills, so take a look!
Forum>How can I improve English speaking?

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.338417
Retrieved Text: How good are your public speaking skills?
Many writers are more comfortable at their keyboards than at lecterns. Many executives are more comfortable speaking one-on-one than speaking on a panel. Many authors are more comfortable writing a book than doing the book talks.
Yet good public speaking skills are essential to any career.
It’s the terrific conference speaker who gets the best social media coverage.
It’s the confident entrepreneur whose presentation brings in more business.
It’s the savvy lecturer who gets the job promotion.
It’s the articulate PR person who scores a raise.
It’s the author with top platform skills who gets a bigger advance on her next book.
1. Look for opportunities to speak. The more you do it, the better you’ll get.
2. Not comfortable speaking in public? Turn to Toastmasters for practical advice.
3. Write down your public speaking goals. Do you want to improve eye contact … create social media buzz … use stronger body language? Tackle one goal each time you present.
5. Ask a colleague to give you one specific suggestion.
6. Watch speeches. Take notes. See what works and what doesn’t work – then have fun figuring out why.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.337165
Retrieved Text: Powerful speaking is not a new phenomenon. In his 1880 book, History of England: Volume I, Thomas Macauley wrote about William Pitt the Younger, who became Prime Minister of England at the age of 24: "Parliamentary government is government by speaking. In such a government, the power of speaking is the most highly prized of all the qualities which a politician can possess; and that power may exist, in the highest degree, without judgment, without fortitude...without any skill in diplomacy or in the administration of war." That is why Pitt, who was lauded for his remarkable talent for making speeches, was a successful politician despite his lack of experience and political savvy.
I have seen what a newfound speaking ability can do for a person. Being a good presenter makes you visible, and in corporations, money, resources, and power flow to the visible high achiever. The visibility that speaking abilities give you becomes part of your overall professional growth. A colleague of mine at a large Fortune 500 company moved through the ranks with startling speed and ease. Many of his peers were just as competent, but he was a very good public speaker; his presentations were effective, persuasive events. He had an undeniable edge.
I also watched the careers of two executives at a large manufacturing firm. She was a highly persuasive speaker who had studied public speaking and ran dynamic meetings. She really knew how to inform and persuade. He, on the other hand, was a dull speaker. After five years, she was vice president of

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.328839
Retrieved Text: Speaking languages spontaneously can be quite of daunting, especially at in a GCSE French, German or Spanish classroom.
However, one of my professional targets this year is to develop my application of teaching spontaneous speaking in languages at GCSE (in my case, that’s French and German), and so I am always on the look out for exciting speaking activities that will really help learners to be able to develop this skill within the classroom.
I have found many activities through fantastic teachers on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest who willingly share their ideas, but I want to improve my own creativity in the classroom and have therefore developed an activity to get GCSE MFL students speaking languages and asking questions in small groups of 3 students.
Why Use This Activity for Speaking Languages at GCSE?
Spontaneous speaking and questioning are an integral part of the reformed 9-1 MFL speaking examinations and keeping students motivated to speak in a safe environment is key. This activity combines the two and allows the teacher to circulate around the room, helping students who may be struggling, checking answers, making a note of common misconceptions, as well as areas for whole group feedback later on.
When Should This Activity for Speaking Be Used?
This activity allows students to focus on developing their questioning and speaking after input has been given on question forming and vocabulary related to a particular topic. For example, I used this with year 8 students after the topic of ‘Paris’ in Studio 2, once they had covered all the vocabulary and past tense structures,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.315857
Retrieved Text: The county-wide 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking County contest was held on May 15, 2013 in Milton, Florida. Santa Rosa County school winners representing 4th, 5th and 6th grade participated in the County Contest.
The 4-H Tropicana Public Speaking program is made available each year for 4th, 5th and 6th grade teachers to implant as a 4-H School Enrichment program. This unique program is designed to provide a fun way for students to learn public speaking skills.
Curriculum materials including a teacher lesson plan guide and student materials are made available to teachers at no cost. Teachers who choose to participate in the program utilize the curriculum materials provided and conduct classroom contests to determine classroom winners who advance to a school competition.
Participating schools conduct a contest to determine school winners who are awarded 1st, 2nd and 3rd place medals.
There are currently no comments on W.H. Rhodes fifth grader takes first in Public Speaking Contest. Perhaps you would like to add one of your own?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.301959
Retrieved Text: Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday said there is no fraud or scam did by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is hiding out in Antigua, speaking on his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone. Since I am in a smaller country, therefore, I have become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi interview highlights: Mehul Choksi who has been accused in a bank fraud case of over Rs 13000 crore and is wanted by law enforcement agencies in India on Tuesday denied any fraud or scam by his company. Speaking in an interview to a Hindi news channel, Mehul Choksi, who is in Antigua, spoke of his extradition said that there is too much pressure on the government to bring someone in and make him a scapegoat. He said since he is in a smaller country, he has become a soft target.
Mehul Choksi earlier in the day broke his silence and released a video in which he said termed all the allegations against levelled by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) as baseless. Choksi was speaking to news agency ANI while the questions which he answered were asked by his lawyer in Antigua.
Speaking in the interview, Mehul Choksi said that all the allegations against him are false and baseless and added that ED has attached his immovable properties without

================



======= Instance Index 1787 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: This is how I exactly felt when I briefed a customer about the complete solution that was coming out in Q3 . When the customer is thirsty and when he asks for water , give him what he wants , do not talk about the lemonade . Do not loose customers to build a future solution . I had a moment of truth and I realigned the team to give the customer what he wants .
Question: Where may I work ?
Options: 
- A convienence store .
 - A bodega .
 - None of the above choices .
 - A restaurant

Target Text: A restaurant

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.0811205
Retrieved Text: Cross My Heart: Friday, May 1, 2015!
Jesus said to his disciples: "Do not let your hearts be troubled. You have faith in God; have faith also in me. In my Father’s house there are many dwelling places. If there were not, would I have told you that I am going to prepare a place for you? And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come back again and take you to myself, so that where I am you also may be. Where I am going you know the way.” Thomas said to him, “Master, we do not know where you are going; how can we know the way?” Jesus said to him, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
Today, I'm praying for all those who work for a living. May the Lord bless the work of their hands.
Mother's Day, May 10, 2015!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 10.841497
Retrieved Text: 3. Can Georgia Charge Income Taxes on Income From Florida?
When you work in one state and live in another, income taxes can become confusing. Although you must typically pay income tax to your state of residence even if you earn your income outside the state, you may also owe income tax to the state in which you are employed.
You'll pay state income tax in both the state you work and the state you live, provided both states have an income tax. However, there are reciprocity agreements and credits that could help offset the duplicate taxation.
State income tax is usually based on your state of residence. If your state of residence imposes an income tax, you must typically report all income you earned during the year and pay tax at the appropriate rate, regardless of where you earned the money.
In states that don't impose income tax, you won't need to report your out-of-state income. Currently, states with no income tax include Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. New Hampshire and Tennessee have no state income tax, although dividends and investment income are taxed in those two states. A multi-state income tax calculator can help you determine how much tax you'll pay in each state.
Still, that doesn't answer the question, "If i live in one state and work in another where do i pay taxes?" If you cross state lines every day for work, things can get a little more complicated.
In most cases, if the state in which you earned your income collects income tax,

########
Rank: 2
Score: 10.797573
Retrieved Text: What if my vehicle was towed?
Where can I park an RV?
Where can I find the City of Aspen Parking Ordinances?
Where does Parking Meter & Ticket revenue goes?
Can I leave my car on the street if I'm going out of town?
How do I do pay to park using my phone?
How do the pay stations work?
How does the no re-park in residential rule work?
I work in town, where can I park?
What if I have a Hybrid or Electric Car?
What if I lost a permit?
What if I need construction parking spaces or permits?
What if I have a handicapped permit from another state?
When and how can I renew my permit?
Where can I get a carpool permit?
Where can I get a day pass?
May I have more than one permit?
Where can I park if I live in Aspen's commercial core?
What happens if I lose my guest pass?
Does the residential permit exempt my vehicle from other parking restrictions?
Are there Residential Parking Options for Non-Residents?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.675512
Retrieved Text: Where Can I Work At 16 With No Experience have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Where Can I Work At 16 With No Experience here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Where Can I Work At 16 With No Experience picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of Where Can I Work At 16 With No Experience design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The wandererrecords.com – Professional Resume Example team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the Where Can I Work At 16 With No Experience picture.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.628851
Retrieved Text: 1. Making professional services known/ ethical marketing?
2. How do I apply for a practice number?
3. Where can I learn more about ICD 10 codes?
4. Where can I learn more about what treatment codes to use?
5. What information should be on my letterhead / business card?
6. May I put a board outside my practice and specifications?
sanction or acquiesce to such advertisement: Provided that the advertisement is not unprofessional, untruthful, deceptive or misleading or causes consumers unwarranted anxiety that they may be suffering from any health condition.
7. Am I allowed to work in a hospital where other practice is already working?
Making contact with the other therapists working in the field you are intending to enter as well as making contact with the therapists in the area you are going to work will prevent unnecessary mistakes and hostility especially from those in the same area. This important step is one of the Ethical Rules of the HPCSA.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.626168
Retrieved Text: I am Susan Poarch and I am a psychotherapist and counsellor. In the course of my professional work I will collect personal data about you and it is important that you are aware of how this will be processed. I may gather this personal data from a number of different sources, including you, sometimes prior to my meeting you and also during our work together.
Health information and other sensitive information where this is disclosed by you during the course of our conversations.
There may be requirements from the organisations connected with our work (if applicable) that require me to write reports about you. This will inform our work together. I will only process your personal data insofar as it is necessary to provide this service to you.
During the course our work I may need to share or seek information pertaining to our work together but this will always be with your knowledge. I will retain all of your personal data securely, and I will only retain it for as long as necessary. I retain contact details for the duration of our work together. I retain working notes at times, to aid our work together during the course of that work. At the end of this work these notes will be destroyed.
I receive professional supervision as an essential requirement of my practice. Details of our discussions may be shared with my supervisors to aid my work with you and ensure safe practice. I will also share your personal information with the local authority or adoption agency (if applicable)

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.623281
Retrieved Text: Wow – the time has come! I know some of you may have been dreading this moment of saying goodbye to the Mount, and some of you may be anxious to start this next chapter in your life. The “real world” seems scary, but trust me, it’s going to be okay! Take a deep breath, set some goals, talk to your friends and family, and never lose sight of what you’ve been working towards.
In case you didn’t know, no two people have the same exact plan after graduation. Some of you may go straight into the work field, some of you may get a place of your own, some of you may go back to school, and some of you may still be figuring out what your next step is. Always remember that you are your own person with your own game plan. It’s okay if you’re not exactly where you want to be the minute you graduate – that’s the beauty of having plenty of days to work towards what you want! Currently, I am finishing up my second-to-last semester of graduate school for Mental Health Counseling while working part time as a teaching assistant and juggling a rewarding internship. I know I am not where I want to be at this exact moment, but I can see my end goal coming soon! No matter what you do and where you decide to go, give 110% and never forget where you came from.
Congratulations Class of 2018! Cherish the time you have left at the Mount

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.598757
Retrieved Text: Have You Recently Moved to Working From Home?
I recently left my day job where I went into work for someone else. The office was open concept and at minimum there were 3 of us working in the same space with the radio going in the background. I used to think this drives me nuts and I can’t get anything done!
My thoughts have shifted quite a bit since then….I now work from home full-time and the only time I really go out of my work environment is to go teach a class which lasts one hour and then I head back to the office. I use to have it that working from home was “the dream”. Most recently I have found it to be frustrating and lonely. Please do not get me wrong, I am not complaining, where I am looking is the adjustment that it takes to shift what you have known for years as a work environment to a radically different situation and the frustration and/or stress it may cause.
The struggle I am having right now is that my partner also works from home, however, when we bought our place, he built his office into it…..seperate entrance, 2 rooms, the whole nine yards…..when we bought our place I didn’t know I would be doing what I am doing now and didn’t plan for it.
The stress and frustration for me comes from working on a project and then I may leave it wherever I am working for a bit and in the meantime, my partner has

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.584183
Retrieved Text: Q: May I use a picture or artwork from your web site for signature tags, web use, print, other personal use etc?
- If my work is used, I would appreciate a quick note just letting me know who you are, where your web site is and where my adapted art images can be found.
Once again, by all means let me know where my work has been / will be used. But you do not need to request permission providing my work is used for personal, non- profit use and credit is given.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.574362
Retrieved Text: In the middle of Pewsey, Opposite the Co-op (where you can park); behind Manningford Croft Estate Agents, on the right before The Heritage Centre.
My work is an attempt to reflect this essential nature of things. To create a form that is constant, but which also changes as the viewer engages with it, or as the context of the work changes. Rather as I may feel changed depending on who I am with or where I am. I work stainless steel; mild steel; copper and also in acrylic. Much of my work is made in layers, which, I hope evokes a reflection of the layers of life and experience that make us who we are.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.524439
Retrieved Text: Home The Browning Letters 14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
All thanks for your invitation which I shall profit by if I possibly can.
I want to explain to you why in all probability I shall be away from your music for once: it is foolish, I know. My Son goes to College at Michaelmas and has to work so hard in order to matriculate at Balliol, where he wants to go, that he cannot spare even one morning a week—and I have got so used to have him with me that I can’t bear sitting alone.
Title 14 May 1867. Browning, Robert to Hall, Charles.
Letter Text 19. Warwick Crescent, Upper Westbourne Terrace W. May 14. ’67. My dear Hallé, All thanks for your invitation which I shall profit by if I possibly can. I want to explain to you why in all probability I shall be away from your music for once: it is foolish, I know. My Son goes to College at Michaelmas and has to work so hard in order to matriculate at Balliol, where he wants to go, that he cannot spare even one morning a week—and I have got so used to have him with me that I can’t bear sitting alone.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.520315
Retrieved Text: As a newly minted lawyer, Ms Beverly Lim Tian Ying understands that the work ahead can become daunting at times.
But her six-month experience as a practice trainee has shown her that a firm's culture can go a long way towards helping young lawyers cope with the volume and pace of legal work.
For instance, at Gloria-James Civetta & Co, where she completed her training contract and where she now works, lawyers are not expected to work overtime unnecessarily, she said.
The 24-year-old noted that this may not be true at firms elsewhere, where lawyers are expected to work till the wee hours.
Ms Lim also found that she had the flexibility to manage her own work and schedule.
She told The Straits Times: "Some days, I leave at 7pm. On others, I may have to take work home or work on weekends, " she said. "Ultimately, beyond office hours, the firm has no hard and fast rule on what time I go home."
She added: "You have to complete the work. But it is really about time management, which is important in the industry."
Some days, I leave at 7pm. On others, I may have to take work home or work on weekends. Ultimately, beyond office hours, the firm has no hard and fast rule on what time I go home. You have to complete the work. But it is really about time management, which is important in the industry.
MS BEVERLY LIM TIAN YING, a newly minted lawyer working at Gloria-James Civetta & Co, on the firm's work culture.
In addition, senior lawyers

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.489842
Retrieved Text: I will retire in October at age 51. My spouse is retiring this August at age 60. We decided to retire about 18 months ago.
While the Catskills are nice in the summer, and I enjoy bike riding, gardening, and have a passion for architecture, I am terrified of having to spend 6 months there every year in an area where I think there is simply not enough for me to do.
My spouse says "you'll find something to do." I don't think he quite understands that I don't like the area as much as he does.
I had thought of part-time work (accounting is my work profession) - but I want the flexibility to take vacations at will - and that may not appeal to employers. So how do I approach this?
How do I create a life for myself in an area that has limited appeal to me, and where I would not choose to be if my spouse was not there?
With an accounting background you may be able to work for a temporary agency. That would allow you flexibility for travel.
Also, volunteer work may fill the time.
Have you ever considered having your own business in your field where you are your own boss and call your own hours.
Are you a CPA? If you are computer savvy, much is open for you to pursue. Any work that helps others as much as it helps you is gong to be profitable.
Wendy's two cents: Here are some Home Business helps, if you choose to jump in and do this! Home

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.468119
Retrieved Text: My practice is in a quiet discreet location with easy parking right outside. My practice room is on the ground floor and is warm and comfortable.
I am happy to meet with you for a free 30 minute chat so that you can see where I work, get a feel for how I might work and you can ask any questions you may have. I will try and answer any question you throw at me.
Counselling can feel daunting and I understand that for some people it can feel difficult to know where to start. I try to ease that discomfort and work with you to try to work out where any difficulties lie and explore ways of making things easier for you.
I work with individuals, couples, young adults and teenagers in a warm, comfortable ground floor room in a quiet discreet location. I am able to offer day and some evening appointments. I am happy to meet with you for an initial meeting if you want to so that you can ask any questions before deciding if counselling is really for you. Ring me on 07531 555 878 to arrange a convenient time.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.463855
Retrieved Text: I have been employed at the same place 4yrs. this upcoming May 2010. I was just in a accident where I injured my hand and the company i work for has no light duty work i can do right now. My boss personally told me that whenever i am able to return to work i do still have my job. I have talked with my boss about drawing unemployment while i am outta work, he told me he doesn't have a problem with that if i am eligible for it. But i have saw wher it states you must be able to seek work in order to draw unemployment. I don't need to seek new work I still have my job. So I am wondering if they make any kinda exceptions on the behalf of ability to seek work if that's not necessary. If they would consider my case a temporary layoff and not a permenant layoff? I am outta work with no kinda pay.
This may vary from state to state precedents, but the general concept is that what you are experiencing is a "lack of work".
If you have been released by your doctor to light duty .. you are available for work. If the employer doesn't have any light duty work for you, but will put you back to work when fully recovered .. the refusal to provide light duty work is see as a "temporary layoff".
I suppose the one question that may be relevant .. which you didn't address is whether the hand injury

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.457748
Retrieved Text: 1. When was this photo taken?
2. Where was this photo taken?
3. Who took this photo?
4. What are we looking at here?
Double exposure on medium format film, probably made on my Holga.
5. How does this old photo make you feel?
I don't remember these moments but I do remember the experience of deciding to just make images that may or may not turn out. My boyfriend at the time gave me a handful of expired film so I felt really free to mess around and let go of control over how the images turned out. I love how the double exposure works together and the mood the image evokes.
6. Is this what you expected to see?
Not at all. I don't remember these particular images and I didn't take notes to see what my double exposures were. Or at least, if I did, I have no idea where I put them. I did have a sense that it was an intimate roll of film that I had made. I'm super excited to see the work years later. So much mystery and the magic of waiting for development is lost with digital photography.
7. What kind of memories does this photo bring back?
I'm reminded of that time in my life where I was on my last 2 months of living in Asheville and I'd been there for 8 years. I was about to move back home to Portland, OR to develop my work after college so that I could have a new body of work to apply for an MFA. I

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.436466
Retrieved Text: When do positions begin? May I interview via telephone or Skype? How long is the contract? Is it possible to choose where I live and work in Japan? Does Amity consider candidates who do not possess a Bachelor’s Degree? Can I work for Amity if I do not speak Japanese? I am not a citizen of an English speaking country. May I still apply? Does Amity consider candidates without teaching experience? Does Amity hire couples? Is it possible to bring my family? Is there a limit to how long I can work for Amity? May I apply to both AEON and Amity? What does NET stand for?
Amity hires teachers year round from our recruitment offices in Los Angeles and Japan.
May I complete the entire interview process via telephone or Skype?
No. Information sessions and initial one-on-one meetings will be conducted via video conference. Successful candidates will be invited to a final interview which will be conducted in person.
The process differs slightly for candidates interviewing in Japan. Please be advised that you may be asked to interview at one of our branch school locations.
Native English Teachers commit to a one-year contract. All first year contracts must be one year.
Is it possible to choose where I live and work in Japan?
Amity does welcome requests for location and departure time; however, we ask that candidates be flexible. As not every location will become available at the time the teacher is ready to depart. We also consider the needs of the locations when placing candidates.
Does Amity consider candidates who do not

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.4258995
Retrieved Text: My job is to help you to identify the goals that will help you get from where you are today to where you want to be. In doing so, you may not only worry less, but will have more time to enjoy what is important to you in your life.
Perhaps one of the more compassionate and important goals you may have. Having appropriate insurance coverage for both your life and the possibility of a disability is critical to any strategy.
There are several ways you can save money on taxes, from tax-deferred to tax-free investments to deductions and credits you may not be aware of, I can work with you and your tax advisor to point out any advantages you may be able to take.
It's never too early to start saving for your child's education. Not only can I help you to choose the appropriate investments, I can also show you savings vehicles that may be tax-advantaged.
I don't want to worry about running out of money during my retirement.
Making the right investment choices now is just part of the story. I can show you how, when you're ready to retire, those investments could be put to work for you for an income you cannot outlive.
Anything is possible. With the right guidance, such a goal may not seem quite so lofty. Depending on your particular financial situation, with the appropriate investment vehicle and right use of tax advantages, you just may be able to retire financially secure at age 60.
Keeping this type of control will require you to

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.425474
Retrieved Text: I’ve decided to try to stay close to home and paint for the time being. I often find that when I go off to paint I may drive around for too long trying to decide what to paint or figure out where to park. I find it much better to limit where I go, I may stay right in the yard or walk close to home. Beforehand I may pick a place and find something interesting there. Some of my best work happens when I make a quick decision as to what I want to paint and then just go to it. You can really find a great painting wherever you are … it’s up to you to see it there.
Here are some from Spring, the rest are here.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.409831
Retrieved Text: While currently just a wordpress reference, the plan to is create a site useful for research into the development and deployment of multistakeholder models (m17m) for governance.
Except where stated otherwise, or where other prior rights pertain to other works, all the work in this website is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
I owe this work to all the people I have ever spoken to, listened to or read, but all flaws are mine.
I have tried to give citations for any work that is derivative or quotes. If I missed something, please let me know. I know that sometimes I pick up ideas in email conversations and may lose track of exact origins of a kernel of an idea.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.403612
Retrieved Text: Encaustic mixed media. ©2015 Lee Anne White.
In my last post, I talked about the power of questions. And while it is generally important to answer those questions in order to move forward in your creative work, it may be equally important to learn to sit with them for a while.
One of the most often overlooked steps of the creative process is incubation. I suspect it is because we live in a world of immediacy. Everyone seems to want everything now. We feel rushed to make decisions and move forward. Creative work is expected to be delivered in a fraction of the time it used to be before computers, email and the cloud. We send off short, hurried emails to family and friends rather than taking time to handwrite thoughtful letters and carry them to the post office. Admittedly, there are times immediacy is nice. But in the creative process, taking some time to mull over the possibilities and to allow your brain to make new, unexpected connections is where some of your best ideas come from.
Among the characteristics of creative individuals is the ability to live with ambiguity--not being afraid of not knowing. And I've discovered through trial and error that when I reach the point in the creative process where the answer just isn't coming, where I don't know what to do, or when I feel really frustrated--sometimes that I'm may even be at a dead end, that's when I walk away from it all. Not forever, just for a while. Maybe for a walk

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.384718
Retrieved Text: Counselling is where you and I would meet regularly; initially once a week, in a safe neutral confidential warm space. The aim is that you would feel listened to (heard), receive empathy (feel understood), in an environment that is warm as well as professional, and where you will not feel judged Such an environment would help trust to build over a period of time, where you would be able to explore yourself and the issues, or the issues and yourself, on a much deeper level over time.
People engage in therapy for many different psychological and/or practical reasons, however, a psychological imbalance can occur in anyone’s life, at any time. A psychological imbalance can result from experiences such as loss and/or bereavement, which may impact on other areas of your life, for example; work performance, personal and professional relationships and can even lead to additive behaviours or repeated negative cycles.
Most people are not aware of the bereavement and loss process. If you are in it, life may feel very chaotic and non-nonsensical and you maybe unable to identify issues, and thus unable to manage issues where you have no awareness. The obvious kinds of loss such bereavement maybe clear to us that we are struggling because of the loss, but there are many kinds of loss; some that we are not even aware of which can impact on our psychological well-being. Once you are aware and have insight you can acknowledge the awareness, and become more aware of what you are dealing with, and work towards a

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.364133
Retrieved Text: Working with children has always been a passion of mine, going through high school I knew I wanted to work with kids. After turning 16 I managed to get a job at the YMCA in child watch where that just enhanced my passion for children. Going off to college I thought long and hard about a degree to fit my passion, I came across psychology where I not only could work with kids and families but help them as well. Completing my degree at Washington State University helped me grow and enjoy the subject that much more, I also got time in the field to work with children around the community. After finishing school this past May (2017) I went to work for Kiddie Academy as an assistant teacher. While there it was important to keep all children entertained with many different activities including, imagination, touch, and building. I enjoyed Read more reading, playing different games, and exploring with their endless imagination.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.355077
Retrieved Text: May Lin Le Goff is no stranger to the fashion industry. Not only was she named as Her World Magazine’s Top 25 Women in Fashion to watch, she shot for influential local designer Max Tan. Having dabbled in photography at the tender age of 15 during her stay with an artist, her interest was piqued. This naturally propelled May Lin to further her passion, in particular, fashion photography as she wanted to reinvent the male-dominated industry by subverting notions of the male and female gaze.
May Lin garnered a plethora of fashion–life-art experience following a 6-month long internship at Straits Times as a photojournalist, her stint at Calibre Pictures, working with TestShootGallery to grow her portfolio and heading the Film & Media Studies Society at Ngee Ann Polytechnic’s Mass Communication program. Upon her graduation from the School of Visual Arts in 2012, May Lin was awarded the prestigious Tierney Family Foundation Award.
Worth a mention is May Lin’s participation in the Canon FSO Fashion Photography Award 2010, where she beat over 1000 hopefuls to clinch the top prize, and deservedly so. This gifted Singaporean lass is now based in New York and has big plans for the future. Of late, she participated in an online competition which showcases budding talents. If you dig her brilliant, avant-garde work, support her quest to get it featured on Times Square’s billboard by clicking this link.
I spoke to her and found out about her dreams of working with Prada and how Picasso’s brand of Cubism inspires her. It’s no wonder her works

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.349269
Retrieved Text: How can counselling help depression?
My practice, based in Leamington Spa and Stratford-upon-Avon, offers face-to-face therapy. I offer counselling for depression, where together, we can explore the root causes of your depressive symptoms, all at your pace.
Finding a counsellor can be a daunting task when you’re already feeling unwell. So, I want to make this process as easy as possible for you. Through our work together, I will accompany you through these dark times. So, as your therapist, I will support you to develop strategies to cope with your despair.
Sometimes we may notice how our low mood may be deepening. We may self-harm or use excessive alcohol or substances. These coping mechanisms can soothe the pain of difficult feelings.
However, a cycle can start where feelings of shame and guilt can intensify our depressive state. So, in our therapy sessions, we can work together on practising other ways of coping with severe depression.
Furthermore, if you feel low for a prolonged period of time, you may find it hard to appreciate activities you used to enjoy. Hence, it can be difficult to motivate yourself therefore affecting your day-to-day living.
If you have continued low mood, you may experience suicidal thoughts which can be frightening. Together in therapy, we can explore these feelings safely and without judgement.
Does counselling work for depression?
Counselling provides a space for you to speak confidentially about your difficulties without fear of judgement. Previous clients have reported how this has enabled them to start to recover.
I have an extensive level of experience working with clients who are feeling

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.345147
Retrieved Text: Each of us must work either under, or alongside, a senior minister or group of elders (your church or denominational structure decides what type of structure works best for them.) One of more of these people has the power to make your working life a joy where you are encouraged and fired up, or, a burden where you may end up exhausted and in a state of ‘unhealth’. It is important for you and your ministry that you work with someone who promotes your professional (and personal) wellbeing and not your career destruction. In my experience, it is a necessity that you ensure that your boss is healthy. If they aren’t, chances are you won’t be either. As we reflect on what it means to work for a good senior minister, there are two things that must guide your thinking here.
Avoid working for a workaholic senior minister!
Now there are two types of workaholic ministers: those who know they are nuts (and don’t expect you to follow suit) and … those who don’t know they are nuts (and expect everyone else to work seven days and seven nights a week). I worked for one of the latter. When I took the job he told me that this was “church life in the fast lane—we work six days and six nights.” (While he took one day per week off, he believed that every one of the other 144 hours must be given over to ministry.) To be honest, it wasn’t the six days so much as the “six

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.32934
Retrieved Text: Just started studying shakuhachi. I don't have access to a teacher or other players to learn from, but mindfulness and meditation have been amazing tools for pointing out areas where I need the most work. I look forward to future discussions with all of you. Hope the day finds you well.
May I ask where do you come from?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.329124
Retrieved Text: I started this pencil study last night from my work with the model Zhanna. It has some problems where the right shoulder connects to the torso and the right hand as well. I think though if in subsequent versions I can work those issues out and maintain the expression on the face I may have a pretty nice finished piece to move to canvas. Its a crop of a larger drawing where the whole figure was visible. Will continue to work on that as well, but think for now the extraction is a good one. Back to the drawing board!!!
This is from my work with the Russian model Zhanna. I used ink and a brush to create the piece. I’m very happy with the ‘energy’ in it and its deffintely direction I plan to pursue more in my work. I think it can be a little ‘tighter’ especially in the background, but overall I’m pretty pleased with it. It makes me eager to work in ink more.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.325833
Retrieved Text: Last year I started my photo a day project with a snap of the flooded path from the University (where I work) to Brynmill (where I live). Here we are in a new year and once again it’s raining and the path across Singleton Park has become a river.
A day to be enjoyed by only by Labradors.
Autumn has come early this year and I’m wondering what happened to the summer! It seemed to have been all over by the end of May this year.
Next Next post: Google I/O 2009 – Google’s HTML 5 Work: What’s Next?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.316041
Retrieved Text: Well depending on the style, and the shoes chosen, black is the safest and easiest choice. A deep purple might be nice, but once again this is subject to the dress. white may work, a turquoise blue may work, but with the correct accessories. i suggest black though.
PreviousWhat stores sell the north face jacket?
NextWhat to wear to high school tomorrow?
What are some popular clothing stores for teens?
What are the current fashion accessories?
What colour of eye shawdow do you where if you have medium brown hair bronzey skin and sea blue eyes?
Where can I get a Hey Say JUMP Arashi or a KAT-TUN t-shirt?
What job hire at 15 in Charlotte NC?
What is the best brand of clothes?

================



======= Instance Index 23886 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Got to try out the new season 's gear at the snowdome yesterday . Wandered in a happy daze past loads and loads of groovy new snowboards ( including one with stitched cordoroy on top which looked great ) picking up stickers and catalogues . Then booked us some slope time and came back to try out a few .
Question: What will we do after ?
Options: 
- We will sell the snowboards .
 - We will throw away the snowboards .
 - We will go snowboarding .
 - We will leave the snowboards .

Target Text: We will go snowboarding .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.180036
Retrieved Text: Because of the nature of information and the confidentiality of information provided in the package, we require an application filled up by the proposed investor and AFTER APPROVAL of the application, the payment of $100 in order to receive the full package.
The application will take 10 -15 min to fill up.
The package will be mailed to you after payment is received.
The Project is the future site of the Spiritual Condo Hotel. Because of the nature of business we are looking to have a group of people with High Spirit and consciousness, strong believes in the higher powers (GOD or any other higher powers you’ve chosen to believe), high moral statue and good soul.
We hope you will forgives us for some of the questions in our applications that you may not like. You may choose not to answer them. But we really hope you will be able to answer most of the questions, so we may know you better. The information provided will be kept absolutely confidential.
There is NO charge for this application, only after approval, we will bill you and you have a choice to go further with the application. Thank you for understanding.
WE HOPE YOU WILL NOT GET OFFENDED BY OUR QUESTIONS.
AFTER ALL, WE ARE LOOKING FOR LONG TERM PARTNERS TO WORK WITH.
Do you have kids? How many, age?
Do you practice any religion? Which one?
Tell us in short about your spiritual practices.
Do you believe in energy work?
What is your favorite Author? Which books?
How often do you think the bedding should be changed in the hotel

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.178799
Retrieved Text: Below are ideas of questions you may like to ask at your next hospital appointment.
I don’t really understand what is wrong with the baby?
Why has the baby got something wrong with its heart?
Did we cause the baby’s problem?
What further tests will we need?
What treatments are available to help the baby?
Who can help me understand the condition?
Am I allowed to terminate this late in pregnancy?
What will termination mean for me?
If I terminate the pregnancy can I have other children?
What happens to the baby if we don’t want surgery?
Who will help us if we take the baby home?
If we have surgery who will do it?
Will we have to travel to receive treatment?
How long will our baby live?
What will happen to the baby after it’s born?
Who will be looking after the baby?
Can we be with the baby?
Will we be told what is happening with the baby?
If the baby has to travel can we go with them?
How will the baby’s condition be kept stable before surgery?
Will I be able to breastfeed the baby?
Can the baby have a heart transplant?
Can I have more children?
What are the risks of having another child with the same problem?
How will the baby be after surgery?
What sort of life do children with this condition have?
Do children spend their lives in a wheelchair?
Will I need a Caesarean section? Will I be induced?
Can my partner be with me when I have the baby?
Where will I have the baby?
Will I see the baby after it’s born?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.169929
Retrieved Text: What happens when we die? Where do we go? What kind of world should we expect? Do heaven and hell really exist? Do we get reborn on Earth? Will we remember our lives now after we pass on? Will we meet up with loved ones – and recognize them – after death? Is it possible to communicate with the departed? How accurate is such communication? What is a spirit guide? Do ghosts exist? What are they? This fascinating lecture answers all these questions and more, serving as an essential introduction to this all-important aspect of the cycle of reincarnation – relevant to us all.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.83618
Retrieved Text: ›› What are the devices we repair & Brands ?
›› What are the types of support you provide?
We do all kind of hardware & software fixes, issue related with softwares can be fixed by remotely using team viewer where in any hardware we can visit onsite.
» How i can get started with repair ?
» What is support request form?
It's an online portal we use to take request from customers & you can use it to track the status of your repair using tracking id which is generated at the time when you request support.
» How many days it will take to repair ?
We have a same day repair policy which means you will get your device back in same day. While in some exceptional case it will next day. However by any reason it will not exceed next day in case if it does as it might be for a required parts which might be not available. Atmost we will return your device and get in touch with you once we find its availability.
» How much a repair will cost?
We can answer this only after a complete diagnose of the devices.
» Is there any obligation to hire your services after the diagnosis?
Absolutely NOT. We offer a hassle free service. Hence no obligation.
» Do i have to pay anything in advance before repair?
No, you only pay after the resolution.
» Do i have to pay anything for diagnosis ?
No, its absolutely free!! we do not charge for diagnosis. You only have to pay minimum for our travelling.
» Do

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.807792
Retrieved Text: We will confirm with you immediately after receiving your orders, and will contact you immediately when have any questions on your orders. The orders will be arranged into production within 3 days after receiving.
2. The delivery time (from the date of receiving orders and the date of sending out the finished orders) for normal custom orders is 4~6 weeks. Rush orders in 3~4 weeks. And stock orders in 6~8 weeks.
3. You can download our order form by click HERE. And you also can use your own order form or any other order form. We will understand your orders well. It’s not be a problem at all.
4. You can check at any time about the status of your orders by email. We will reply you within 12 hours. And you also can call us by the number 86-532-88994028. Our working time is from 8:30am to 5:30pm. Please be noted that it is the Chinese time. Thanks to kindly understand the time difference, and sorry if it the inconvenience caused to you.
Newtimes Hair is a professional manufacturer located in Qingdao China, specialized in hair products including toupee, wigs and hair extensions.
We provide hair products to both wholesalers and retailers, no order limitation.
2. What type of order do you accept?
We do both custom orders and stock orders. And we also have a lot of stock toupee and wigs for immediate shipment.
3. Do you require any order minimum quantity?
No minimum order quantity is required. One order and sample order are all acceptable.
4. How to place order?
Email us to inform the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.800824
Retrieved Text: So why are you asking yourself these questions?
Who gets to make decisions about the wedding?
How do we resolve differences?
What does honoring my spouse mean?
Why is being engaged so hard?
What is marriage for anyway?
Will we still have fun after we are married?
Will I loose myself to my partner?
How do I talk about intimacy without hurting feelings?
What do I call my in-laws?
How do I integrate Jewish spirituality into my marriage?
When do we talk about kids?
Don’t let the stress of planning your wedding make you forget that it is every day after the wedding that counts. If you are spending hours each day thinking about flower arrangements, or weighing the benefits of Ivory over True White for your china, or you might consider spending time on the questions that will fundamentally make a difference in your life in the long-term.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.785524
Retrieved Text: There are things we all think will give us what we desire. If we just have them….we will be happy and our dreams will come true. It’s a reality for all of us. But at what cost? What do we sacrifice for our idols? What greater things do we miss out on by chasing after the lesser? And how can the gospel alone make all things new?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.78535
Retrieved Text: 1. What should I expect at my office visit?
Dr. Srinivasan will review your medical history and films. Upon review, a neurologic exam may be performed to determine your diagnosis. Based on examination and test results Dr. Srinivasan will make recommendations for treatment – not necessarily surgical but we will help coordinate conservative treatment such as injections.
2. How can I get questions answered after the visit?
Please call and tell the staff your questions. The Dr. Srinivasan will review the questions and either call you herself or have her staff call you with the answers. We do not routinely use email for patient care.
3. If I have non-surgical treatment and things worsen or change, what do I do?
Call our office and your call will be returned usually within 24 hours. Sometimes, the doctor will need to see you to make further recommendations but she will try to answer as many questions as possible by phone.
4. How do I schedule surgery?
Call the office and Cecilia, our surgery scheduler, will call you back within 24 hours.
5. What if I have more questions before surgery?
Again, call and most questions can be answered by phone. If you have many questions, a face to face office visit is sometimes better. If you have doubts, we encourage you to obtain a second opinion.
6. When can I have surgery?
Dr. Srinivasan usually operates on Wednesdays and Thursdays, and occasionally on Tuesdays. We understand people’s schedules can be difficult and we strive to accommodate your schedule and the urgency of your condition.
7. Who will obtain insurance authorization?
Once

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.776287
Retrieved Text: Experience teaches us over and over again that each business has loads of processes that could be automated and at the end, save time and money. And last but not least, your employees might be more motivated if they do not have to do the same little process over and over again if instead a single mouse click would often do it.
After an intense discussion about what your business is doing and what kind of processes you want to automate, we will first do an analysis to find out, what kind of automation can be done within your workflows and if it will be worth it. Based on this analysis, we can give you a detailed plan of how your customized solution will look like. Processes will be implemented smoothly, if necessary, system will run parallel to make sure, all automations are understood and implemented correctly by everyone involved.
Also after the "Go Live", we will not leave you alone but be your reliable contact person if there is any problem, give you support or consult you if you want to extend the existing solution. After-Sales-Support is more than just a word for us!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.766446
Retrieved Text: Our technical service advisers will assist you with the selection and use of products, e.g.
Are you experiencing a malfunction and do not know what to do? Simply give us a call and we will work with you together to find a solution.
We are at your service around the clock!
Do you need climate control for the enclosure?
We will tell you what fits!
After changing the door hinges, the door no longer closes properly!
Do you need the dimensions of an accessory?
We will obtain them for you!
Do you want to attach a heavy component in the enclosure? We will tell you what is the appropriate mounting part.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.741308
Retrieved Text: Not only do we have the most accurate, detailed and defined site on the web for huge brake conversions and aftermarket seats but our new and improved EBay store is now open.
Every month new products will be added to the store and they are all on best offer. Simply send us an offer of what you want to pay for them and we will do our best to make you one happy customer.
We think its very important to provide great customer service, fantastic after care and compeitive prices and thats exactly what we do.
So no matter what you are after from a set of Corbeau Carrera or Cobra Misano seats to a Hi Spec big disc kit. Simply visit our sites and get what you want and what you need!
When purchasing in 2007 you will receive a £5.00 gift voucher towards your next purchase.
The Dysfunctional Section of a Hallmark Store..
cabinet to store models in?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.688932
Retrieved Text: Sharing Good UnderUtilized Resources (GUURs) - Role in FridayLive! etc.
2 What is the TLT Group Anthology?
What do we want to retrieve and revive from the TLT Group's first 20 years?
What do we want to "publish"? "tell people"?
How do we want to select, organize and supplement that info?
How do we want to "support" people to make USE of that info? Which people?
"Who will help bake this bread?"
"What basic ingredients go into the stone soup? Before asking others to contribute? After the soup begins simmering?"
What can we do to make this more effective and useful (for whom) than selecting, organizing, publishing key info?
WHAT IS THE ROLE OF OUR CLOSING QUESTIONS DURING FRIDAYLIVE! - What are you going to DO/USE or SHARE soon after this ....?
B. strategically positioned locations within the "anthology"
Why? Because we believe in the many values of reflection and metacognition! We know that merely publishing info is unlikely to have much impact.
Identify participation options for Sr. Assocs et al.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.665213
Retrieved Text: Eleven videos. What happens to the photographer, after the photograph? What happens to our memory of an difficult image? C an an image remain long after it has been deleted?
Tony Zumbado of NBC will not forget the images he recorded in New Orleans. Never. He was paid to do his professional job. We too record images every day, but what happens if we record something personal, tragic, exploitative, profound? What do we do with that image? Do we sell it to the highest bidder? Do we delete it out of respect for the subject? Do we share?
Question: Would you want to be photographed during your time of greatest vulnerability?
The problem is not about our ability to capture endless photos - rather it is about our lack of ethical respect for the inherent power of a recording camera. So, the question remains: Can we delete difficult images from our memories? And it not: Should we take fewer photographs until we can more fully answer that question?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.654653
Retrieved Text: Do you know the Flynn Difference? Do you know what sets Flynn apart from other dealers? Our strive for customer excellence goes back over 50 years and will continue for the next 50 years. Read below to see what makes Flynn "different."
1. Family owned and operated for over 50 years.
2. Warm and inviting family atmosphere.
3. Friendly and knowledgeable sales, parts and service staff.
4. Low pressure sales environment: we will not sell you what you do not want.
5. If we do not have the car and color you are looking for, we will get it for you.
6. Flynn is consistently ranked one of the top dealers in customer satisfaction year after year.
7. Flynn provides quality service on all new and pre-owned vehicles.
8. Flynn has factory trained and certified technicians.
9. Flynn will provide quick, friendly, and efficient service from the point of sale to well after the sale.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.654435
Retrieved Text: How do I find out what AWC products are right for me?
We will complete an analysis of your water quality and any issues you may be having along with a distribution uniformity estimate. After this review, we will make a recommendation of treatment to bring your system back into efficient working order.
How do I set up an AWC program?
After making our product recommendations, we will walk you through the process of setting up a program.
Where does AWC sell its products?
AWC sells its products throughout the Western United States. We also ship products throughout the United States and to some foreign countries.
Can I get AWC products outside of the United States?
We will be glad to discuss shipping our products to you. Each country has different rules and regulations for importing chemicals.
What guarantees does AWC offer?
We are proud of the service and results we provide. We guarantee you will see results and we’ll do what it takes to make you happy.
How long does it take for AWC to set up a system?
We will make every effort to get your system up and running in the timeframe you need.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.630165
Retrieved Text: I was recently involved in a project to help secure a School’s Active Directory environment. After sitting down and planning what we wanted to achieve in terms of account security we went to work. After setting up all of the IT based security groups and assigning and delegating the appropriate rights and permissions we found that somethings wern’t working as they should. The permissions gave us the rights to do what we needed on the Student user objects but not on the staff. After taking a quick look we found that the majority of Staff didn’t have their inherit permissions from parent ticked, which prevented the delegation from flowing through to these user objects.
If you are after a particular Organizational Unit simply replace -SizeLimit 0 with -SearchRoot ‘Distinguished name of OU’.
After running that cmdlet on the offending User Objects, we were then able to successfully do what the security groups allowed us to do. I still need to go back and check out what else the pack from Quest can do as I looked quite interesting so I will be sure to blog about my findings.
previous Previous post: When viewing Public Folders in Outlook you recieve the following error, Cannot expand the folder. Microsoft Exchange is not available.
Hurrah, that’s what I was looking for, thanks.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.620361
Retrieved Text: Do you come out in the evenings?
Jump Menu: Do you come out in the evenings? Can wasps chew through plastic? What happens if a queen wasp can't get out of a loft space when she wakes from hibernation? Will the wasp's nest fall on the ground after treatment? Do you charge a call out fee?
We work evenings and weekends. We do not like treating nests early in the mornings for several reasons.
We prefer to have wasps active and flying so we can see where they are entering.
Can wasps chew through plastic?
Wasps can chew through a variety of materials including plasterboard.
We have seen damage to phone lines; they can chew through thin plastics.
What happens if a queen wasp can't get out of a loft space when she wakes from hibernation?
If a queen wasp cannot leave an attic after hibernation, she will either starve and die or find her way inside the house.
Each year many queen wasps make mistakes and get inside the house instead of outside.
Worker wasps that become trapped indoors also run out of energy and starve quickly.
Will the wasp's nest fall on the ground after treatment?
After a nest treatment, the nest tends to stay put and can last for many years (if protected from the elements) before eventually disintegrating and falling off. However, wasps will never use a nest repeatedly, so once all the wasps are dead, the nest is no longer a threat.
After treatment, you will have dead wasps underneath the nest or the entrance to the nest. Once the nest is dead, we

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.618733
Retrieved Text: Amazing workmanship, incredible service!We offer you quality workmanship on your vehicle after a collision. We can get your car looking as good as new with our equipment and technicians.Insurance claims handled for your convenience!Dealing with insurance companies can be extremely stressful, and after an accident you do not need any more stress. We have the experience to help you with your claim.See what we can do for you today!Check out our Gallery of before and after pictures so you can get a sense of what we can do for you and your vehicle. We will treat you right and get you back on the road again in no time!

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.6027155
Retrieved Text: 25 “Therefore I tell you, do not be anxious about your life, what you will eat or what you will drink, nor about your body, what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing? 26 Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?27 And which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to his span of life?
The average human being is seriously concerned about his life on earth. A lot of life’s activities currently are geared more towards our earthly existence than about eternity. Very often our needs on earth overwhelm us and make eternity look so remote we do not want to even think about the reality of life after death.
We live in the physical and do a lot of spiritual things even in the physical. The problem with being influenced by physical needs is that it often competes with issues of faith and dependence on God. We get so engrossed to the point we forget that God knows our needs more than we do.
Can you imagine that it is only after God had created all that man would need for His existence that He created Man? Since the beginning, God has demonstrated His concern for the welfare of man. It is unlikely that the resources of the earth will be depleted. We have not discovered even half of what God

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.594424
Retrieved Text: What is a color correction? Many of our highlights and/or balayage colors are about changing what the client has had done before. Most color services are a color correction! We need to adjust the colors! Usually it’s a color or highlight that didn’t take well or has faded out to a drab, unhealthy looking color. We need to lighten some pieces and darken other pieces. Some clients just want a change! This is what we love to do!!!!
We get lots of questions about balayage and color costs. Most balayages are about correcting the previous color. Ever color is unique and requires different color processes. The process can vary greatly in product amount and processing time. The cost will vary accordingly. A thorough consultation will explain what we need to do, how long it will take and what the costs will be. We can only work within the limits of your hair and color chemistry!
Here are 2 of our recent clients getting color corrections. I’ve added what the process time and cost was for each. Haircuts would be an additional price.
Red-brown before, balayage, toner and super pretty after pic!
Before! After with natural light! After with ring light! This is the perfect color correction!
Let us help you get the color you’ve always wanted!!!!!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.585714
Retrieved Text: Set a reward for students. A video will come up after a specified number of minutes.
You have 60 seconds to write about your allocated word.
Simple. You’ll see one word at the top of the following screen.
Click go and the page will load with the cursor in place.
The Apple announcement this week about iBooks Author - the new app that will allow anyone to create and distribute multimedia interactive books has been a long time coming. This announcement needs to be tempered with an evaluation of what we want and what we need as teachers. After all, we are the ones that are at the coalface, we are the risk takers, the experimenters, the alchemists. What do we want for our students? What do our students need from e-texts?
The Differentiator helps teachers compose a student task by breaking it up into different components and using specific descriptors.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.578424
Retrieved Text: I look at social media, read artciles, search on the internet and I get confused about what exercise I should be doing, what I shouldn’t be doing, how much exercise I should be doing, what I should be eating, when I should be eating, what I shouldn’t be eating.
There are so many rights and wrongs and do’s and don’ts that apparently make all the difference in how you will look or how you wont look. At the end of the day, its not surprising so many people give up on exercise, keeping active and looking after themselves. In terms of fitness, every year there is a new fad to jump onto, or there’s a new gadget that will measure your day to day of everything...really.
So what do we do, what do we eat, what fitness gadgets are worth it, what do we listen to and what don’t we listen to. I’m definitely not here to tell you exactly down the line what you should do, I and the rest of the trainers at NRG are here to assist you, to guide you, to ensure you are working out using the correct techniques and exercises for your body and to help you look after you physically and mentally.
But still what do we do.
After so many years in the industry, the one thing that is clear, there are no shortcuts or quick fixes to looking after you and your health. One thing I do know is that you have to do what you enjoy and what works for

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.554531
Retrieved Text: I have a Voucher/ Coupon/ Discount code, How do i use it?
Pop your code into the coupon box on the Shopping Cart page then hit Apply Coupon. Your discount should now show in your cart.
If you have any issues using your code, Please let us know!
Orders are taken in NZ Dollars. We have four options that you may pay by.
- If you wish to pay by credit/debit card, you will be directed to a secure paypal site.
- You will receive our account details after your order has been placed.You can pay online or at any ANZ branch We give you 1 week to pay, if you do not pay in that time we will cancel your order. If payment is received after 1 week and the order has been cancelled, no refund will be given. Do not place an order if you do not intend to pay straight away.
- You have the option to pay cash on pick up at our Invercargill store , We do require pick up's within 2 days of purchase. Please email to arrange a sutiable pick up time.
Due to the nature of the products sold we have a ZERO returns policy for change of mind or incorrect product sizing etc.
If the product you have purchased is faulty (All items are checked before they leave), it will be replaced or an online credit will be given. Please message us if you need to return a faulty product.
What are your shipping costs / Methods?
You sure can, Just contact us to arrange a time

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.553701
Retrieved Text: What is your Minimun Order quantity (MOQ)? Will we be treated fairly with small volume?
Flexibility is our strength. Our balance between machine and labor helps us to serve small order as well as big order.
To enjoy the most, you can consolidate various orders of different quantities into a container (FCL) or close to container (LCL) to ship.
All in all, we adapt to what you need. It is not how many you order; it is how much we respect each other.
Do you do customised design order?
Hong long is the leadtime?
How many colors we can print?
Can we obtain safety certificate for our products?
Do we have retail stores?
Do you have sell over-the-counter merchandise?
What if I did not get reply after making enquiry after a long while?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.537629
Retrieved Text: Will we have to make spreadsheets and tally every order form?
No, BoBo's does all that for you! We will tally and electronically process every order form. We will also provide a detailed report listing each seller alphabetically and what their profit is. This report will be sent to you via email 3-4 business days after we received your order forms. We will also give you a hard copy at your delivery or pick up.
What is the profit amount?
40% with no hidden fees or additional charges.
How long does the fundraiser go on for?
Organizations can run their fundraiser for 2-3 weeks. BoBo's suggests to run the fundraiser for two weeks with two weekends to sell.
How long does it take to get the orders back?
It will take 8-10 business days after order forms are turned into BoBo's.
Who do the customers make checks out to?
The checks are made out to the school or organization running the fundraiser.
What do we need to do when the fundraiser comes to an end?
How will the orders arrive?
All orders will be individually boxed and numbered in alphabetical order.
When do we pay the invoice?
You will need to pay the total invoice at the time of delivery or pick up. Payment can be in the form of an organizations check, cashiers check, or money order. No personal checks.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.530938
Retrieved Text: Finding out the answers to these questions will tell you whether your OB, Midwife or Family Practitioner is the right one for you.
Whether you are considering birthing in a hospital, at home or in a birthing center, with a midwife, obstetrician or family practitioner, it is a good idea to interview and get to know a few providers before deciding on one. We suggest interviewing 2-4 providers.
Even if you meet with just one provider (we know not everyone has time to plan for 4 interviews!), here are some questions you will want to ask them, so you can get a sense of your comfort level with them.
1. What comfort measures do you recommend?
2. Is there a limit to the number of people who can accompany me during my birth? Is it okay to have a doula?
3. Will I be able to eat and drink during my birth?
4. What are your protocols regarding due date? In other words, at what point would you recommend inducing labor? 40 weeks? 41? 42?
5. What do you recommend if my water breaks before contractions have begun?
6. How long after my water breaks would you recommend induction if my labor doesn’t start on its own?
7. Will I be able to labor at my own pace for as long as I need? In other words, if my dilation is less than one cm per hour, would you call for Pitocin or any other induction procedures?
9. How do the following fit in to your birth procedures, and how often would you perform them?
10. What

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.521431
Retrieved Text: Q: Do you also remodel bathrooms?
A: Yes we are a full-service home remodeling company too. Our sister company is American Construction, americanconstructiongroupfl.com. We can handle all your home remodeling needs: bathrooms, summer kitchens, room additions, and room expansions – wall removal. Just ask us we will be happy to discuss and quote any remodeling job for you.
Q: What are frameless cabinets?
A: They are a European designed cabinet that allows full access to drawer, cabinets and shelf space.
Q: Where or how do I start the remodeling process?
A: The first step is to call us 407/645-3235 or fill out the Request Additional Info lines on any page and click submit and we will contact you in 24 hours or less. Then we will meet at your home or you can come to our showroom. After this initial meeting the process will unfold budget, time frame, contract, and design meetings.
Q: What are the current trends for kitchens and bathrooms?
Basically what’s hot and what’s not? White Shaker cabinets are hot, but so are sleek contemporary expresso colored cabinets. Counter tops blah, blah, blah…….. However the most important design element is your home should reflect your style. Mix and match, colors and different styles. Or stay in one style, after all it is your kitchen, the heart of your home.
Q: What is the process once the remodeling starts and how long will it take.
Step 4 – finish installation, complete inspections, and your new kitchen is ready!
Q: What do I do for the few weeks I do not have a kitchen? Basically

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.507417
Retrieved Text: Uncommon Wealth Partners - We Think Differently About Money!
At Uncommon Wealth Partners we think differently about money. We understand that choosing someone to help you with your finances can be an intimidating experience. We hope that this will give you a peace about our process and the way we think.
Our philosophy is simple. We help people no matter where they are today. It’s about where you want to go that matters. We do this by helping each one of our clients define their goals, implement a plan, create wealth, and ultimately create time freedom. There are probably a lot of financial planners who promise the same thing. It’s how we get you there that’s different.
We believe that one of the most significant gifts we can give to our clients in the getting to know you phase is to not talk about their money! Instead, we want to know what motivates you? If money were no object what would you do with your time? We believe answering those kinds of questions will help us when we finally talk about your money.
Many advisors are trained to only talk about your money and forget to ask the most important question – what do you want your money to do for you?
Once we have those questions answered and we know what is important to you, it is time to figure out what kind of assets you currently have so we can help you gain traction in your goals.
This is the time where we take into account all of your assets.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.495925
Retrieved Text: If you would like to see a proposal from AGA Sports, please contact us at either the email or toll-free number below. Please note that due to scheduling limitations and other factors, we are not able to offer proposals for every sporting event that is brought to us.
What can AGA SPORTS do for my event?
What is your process for logo creation?
How is this better than doing this myself?
Will customers be able to order their apparel after the end of the event?
1. What can AGA SPORTS do for my event?
To put it simply, we design your event’s logo sell customizable souvenir apparel at your event — at no cost. Additionally, we pay the event organizers (you) a percentage of sales and/or guaranteed fee (which is agreed upon in our service contract).
2. What will you need from us?
We usually ask to be provided with tables and power, although this can depend on the location and the host’s access to these resources. We do ask that our vending location be placed close to the action and areas of high foot traffic. Additionally, if your event pre-registers the participants, we ask that the teams and names of the athletes are delivered to us at least 3-5 business days before the event.
3. What is your process for logo creation?
While we are sometimes given free reign to create our logos, we usually prefer to work with the event coordinator to get a sense of how the host prefers their event to represented. We ask for input on colors, imagery, symbols, and any

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.490683
Retrieved Text: How do I pass a Software Testing exam?
Our highly experienced Software Testing course trainers provide engaging and interactive sessions, giving you the best learning opportunities. Furthermore, at The Knowledge Academy, we support you before, during, and after the course.
What if I fail a Software Testing exam?
If you do not pass your Software Testing exam then you are permitted to retake it. If you get a lower score after re-sitting the exam, then the highest mark will be retained.
How do I get my Software Testing exam results?
After sitting your Software Testing exam you will be informed after a period of around 2-4 weeks of your exam result. You will be sent your certificate if you have passed or advice on what to do next if you have failed.

================



======= Instance Index 17208 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: But it could have been a shoe squeaking . It could have been a stomach gurgle . It could have been a burp . It could have been the leather on someone 's chair moving . And .. it could have been a fart . Of course , a sound like that ... it could have been a million things . I did n't think much of it , until she said:"OH ! Excuse me ! "
Question: What was the sound ?
Options: 
- She was silent
 - She passed gas
 - She stayed quiet
 - She said nothing

Target Text: She passed gas

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.295151
Retrieved Text: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
Previous message: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
Next message: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
tree branch making quite a  noise.
possible that a couple of strands let go?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.196767
Retrieved Text: Swiftlet Farming: Million Dollars A Year Income Potential.: Tikam Batu BH: What Happened When You Have The External Sound Tweeters Properly Placed???
Tikam Batu BH: What Happened When You Have The External Sound Tweeters Properly Placed???
I was not surprised what happen to Tikam Batu BH the moment the external sound was played.
The birds flew into the LMB and followed the sound until the furthest room on the top floor.
Why was it so easy for them to fly into the LMB and straight to the back of the building?
The answer lies with the way those external sound tweeters were installed.
The moment these birds passed each tweeter there will be another follow up tweeter that will pull them further inside.
The sound will be continuous this make them not to make a U turn towards the LMB.
Its how those tweeters were installed.
Just look at the way they entered and moved inside.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.172105
Retrieved Text: The absolute loudest sound I have ever heard was the sound of a top fuel dragster as they would spin the rear wheels in the bleach box, just behind the starting line on the drag strip, to heat the tires up! I was only a few feet away, working as security to keep people out of that area at the NHRA Winternationals.
This was a long time ago, but it is something that I will always remember. The sound of those top fuel dragsters revving their engines at top RPM was a sound unlike any other I have ever experienced! It was SO loud, it did not even sound like I was hearing it through my outer ear. It sounded (and felt) like the sound was emanating in my gut and the sound was exiting my body through my ears! I have no idea what the actual sound pressure level was that day, but it had to have been at least 140 decibels. I was not wearing any hearing protection!
Sound does not have to be as loud as that to cause Noise Induced Hearing Loss. Do you know what NIHL is? Do you know what sound levels are safe to be exposed to and for how long? How can you minimize the risk? Noise Induced Hearing Loss is any hearing impairment that is as a result from exposure to loud sound. It is preventable and it can be permanent! In order to keep our hearing in good health we need to know what levels to limit to.
You

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.123049
Retrieved Text: Reprinted from The Hollywood Reporter by Carolyn Giardina on December 12, 2017.
What did it take to immerse audiences in a dystopian future in Denis Villeneuve’s Blade Runner 2049? Supervising sound editor and Oscar winner Mark Mangini (Mad Max: Fury Road) talks with The Hollywood Reporter and describes some of the extensive work, from an oppressive Los Angeles to Wallace’s Zen-like office. He also raises questions about why sound pros are frequently absent from main title credits.
What was the overall approach to the sound that you discussed with Denis Villeneuve?
One of the interesting ideas and approaches that Denis had was that, and I think it’s a pretty fresh idea, sound should start when production starts. And sound can, in fact, inform the edit as it is occurring. And that’s not the way movies are traditionally made, but Denis, who is an extremely smart filmmaker, saw the value.
Tell us about creating the sound of Los Angeles in 2049.
What Does A Wormhole Sound Like?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.07998
Retrieved Text: : : Hi. I just got back from Guitar Center where I tested out a few different basses. I've picked up an Ibanez that was about $220 and this thing sounded great! I plugged in, and turned up the knobs, and was in love. What was so awesome is the sound it gave me. (I turned up the 3rd knob on the guitar and got a really nice "pinging" soud) I currently play on a Fender P-Bass, and do not have a 3rd knob, and my bass does not give me that distinctive pinging sound which I am looking for. I then thought it may be the amp, so I picked up a p-bass like the one I own, and I did not get that pinging sound. I then picked up a Fender Jazz Bass (With 3 knobs!) and sure enough, I got the pinging sound I was looking for! My question is: Is the sound that I'm looking for made by the guitar?? What does that 3rd knob do?? Could I make my p-bass any more pingy?? If so, what would I have to do to replace it?
: The sound you're hearing is the classic Jazz Bass sound that many of us have come to know and love. The third knob is a tone knob and turning it to the right brings out the treble; the "pinging" is the sound of two jazz pickups - It's a more percussive, better defined sound that you just can't get from a P Bass.
: I suppose you could

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.063449
Retrieved Text: I have a laptop HP Probook 4740S and I can't seem to find which sound card I'm using. I want to download a sound driver for linux, but don't know which drivers I should download. I want to download a sound driver for linux, but don't know which drivers I should download.... Just had to completely reformat my (old!) PC after having some mal wear get onto it - have reinstalled windows XP but can get no sounds (just the odd system bleep) - in the ''device manager' no sound cards are showing so cannot reinstall drivers because don't know what sound card to install them for.
24/11/2012 · I have a Sound Blaster sound card but don't know what kind. My brother originally built the computer from scratch but he can't remember either...it was a while ago.... 2/09/2010 · Hello all, I own a 15 inch 2.66 Ghz i7 Macbook Pro. I am interested in getting involved with audio production with this computer and was wondering what soundcard the Macbook Pro is currently equipped with and whether or not I should consider upgrading it at some point in the future.
27/04/2015 · Aside from technologies used, I need to know the actual name of the soundcard chip or the soundcard itself. Could someone with a recent Alienware 17 let me know what they see for their sound card in device manager, please? how to know when dpf is regenerated vcds 4/07/2011 · Welcome to LinuxQuestions.org, a friendly and active Linux Community. You are currently viewing LQ as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.018224
Retrieved Text: What do you think you will hear?
What is the mood or tone?
List the people and topics you hear.
Write one sentence summarizing this sound recording.
Try to make sense of it.
When is this sound recording from?
What was happening at the time in history it was created?
Who do you think is the intended audience?
How do you think the creator wanted the audience to respond? List evidence from the sound recording or your knowledge about who made it that led you to your conclusion.
Use it as historical evidence.
What did you find out from this sound recording that you might not learn anywhere else?
What other documents or historical evidence are you going to use to help you understand this event or topic?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.007336
Retrieved Text: What software do/did you use to make your music?
What's the craziest or weirdest sound you've heard from an animal?
Sound editor for film here, how are your voices processed? Seems like a bit of proximity effect, and limiting? How much restoration do you have to do?
Fellow Sound Designer here! What are some of the favorite sound effects you've made or recorded? What was the most unexpected source of a great sound? Favorite plugins or tricks you use?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.956772
Retrieved Text: What was this strange sound in Terre Haute (Indiana) on March 10 2014? There are two videos in this post. One was shot at 4 AM and the other one just 1 hour later, at 5 AM. The sound is the first video is a loud humming and metalic noise. In the second video, the weird noise has almost completely disappeared. Strange!
So this is the second video, as you can hear in the video, it’s gotten much quieter, there is a small breeze you can hear wind chimes. Can you tell the difference?!
I think these strange sounds are real! But what is the source?
I just heard what I believe is the same sound outside my house about an hour ago. I’ve been looking all over the internet to see if I could find what it was. I also recorded it. To me, it sounded like a fleet of jets in the sky, but constant. I’m totally freaked out!
Do not panic too much! Most of the sounds have a natural explanations. Where are you at? In a seismic region? Around a arsenal or army base? Near an airport? Was the sound accompanied by light? Then, it might be a meteor entering the Earth atmosphere.
Thanks for your reply! I’m fairly new to this area, so I’m not sure where the nearest base is, but we are a good hour from an airport. No lights that I saw. I live in a somewhat rural area near Rio Vista, CA (between San Francisco and Sacramento). Even my neighbors were outside

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.95556
Retrieved Text: In 2015 I decided to try a new recording technique. Before this disc I had always tried to make recordings that sounded pretty much like my live sound but I was never happy with the sound. For the Traashman Blues CD I just tried to record the songs that I was doing at the time but I just tried to make the songs sound good and and didn't use the one man band drums. I'm much happier with this recording and all the reviews have been very positive.
The CD is mostly blues with a little rock and country thrown in. I'm the only musician and play guitar, bass, drums, harmonica, trumpet, accordion, organ, stranierofono and Jew's harps.
The entire CD is here in MP3 format if you want to download it, I give it freely if you wish to donate something to my virtual hat (could I be the first street artist with a virtual hat for donations?) or buy a copy of the CD click here. If you click on the photo, you can even have a printable CD cover.
In 2007 I recorded "Digital Gramophone", a CD of 32 short songs trying to keep the sound basically to what I was doing live at the time which was a New Orleans-ish jazz traditional sound for the most part. It is a fair representation of what I sound like sometimes. It is NOT a fair representation of what I sound like always! Sometimes I have a much more electric rock/reggae kind of sound.
My daughter, Gaia, is featured

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.922862
Retrieved Text: Here's the deal. On my computer in English we have downloaded things off of Kazaa. Usually you cant do this and sound doesnt work but we managed to log off the school network and get it to where we could do all this. I came in today and the sound does not work. How have they disabled it? I checked the sound properties and the sound device says its working properly, so what could they have done? I'm not an expert on Windows so I need to know how they changed it so the sound doesnt work. Thanks in advance.
In the lower right hand corner, there's probably a golden megaphone. See if the sound is muted.
uh does it have speakers and/or a soundcard? Also what type of file is it, you are using some sort of player to play it so look inside the application for a volume control as well.
A quick note on windows 95 and the device properties. The device could be on fire, in a pool of acid and suffering a nuclear meltdown and windows 95 would report it as working properly. That being said, check the speakers, check for the sound being muted and/or for the volume control being down. If al lis well there they may have removed the sound codecs for using sound, except you will typically get errors when this is done. Ahrd to tell with the very little bit of information given here.
What do I look like here a retard? The sound was not muted I checked that.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.916872
Retrieved Text: I'm guessing this is the best place to post this question. Last night I was listening to the CBS Radio Mystery Theater on WNAR. This particular episode still had the original commercials in it. Right after E.G. Marshall announced "we'll be right back", there's a distinct "plink" sound just before the commercial begins. As I recall, it's heard again before the program resumes. I remember this sound back in the day when listening to CBS news on the radio and then they'd switch to Pat Summerall doing an True Value Hardware commercial.
Anybody know what that sound was?
I’m on the east coast and listen to WCBS 880 New York.
Now that you mention it, I recall that sound from years past on WCBS. I always figured it was some sort of “transfer” switch or something specific to the CBS brand. Sort of like NBC chimes. I also recall it on some syndicated shows.
Speaking of CBS, for decades WCBS880 seems to have a unique studio sound regardless of the person behind the mic. Even today, while tuning up and down the AM band I can always identify WCBS880 by its “sound”. I don’t know if it’s the studio, or mics, or EQ. I’m not sure what it is, but I always know when I’ve tuned to 880 on the dial.
That's a NetAlert chirp. CBS introduced it around 1962, and those chirps would control equipment in their network. Depending how many chirps were sent, it could alert the station to an emergency, switch to commercials, etc.
Exactly what Battery Maker said

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.908185
Retrieved Text: Running RC6, I believe, on a Dell Dimension E520. I have a cheap CMedia relatively generic low-end sound card, that has been working right along. Until this morning. Last night watching U-tube videos, sound worked fine; this morning nothing. Haven't changed anything as far as I know.
Onboard sound is disabled in the bios. CMedia cound card is seated properly. I ran the commands in the "sticky" post about sound cards, without finding a solution. My sound card is detected. Alsamixer says nothing is muted (except a bunch of ICE958 stuff that I don't know what it is, and the 3D control). Volumes all up. Reconfiguring sound card with alsaconf didn't help.
I tried plugging in a cheap USB sound card I had sitting around. It didn't work either. Of course, I don't know what else has to be done with those to set them up; I just plugged it in and tried it, first with PCI sound card still in place, and then without; no luck either way.
Btw. when you join IRC you could get an update.
My little USB sound card is currently plugged into a USB port. Speakers are not plugged into it.
Regarding IRC: an update of what?
New lenny based system of course.
What do you make of the output from my cat /proc/asound/cards ?
It only shows one output, thats usally correct. Check mixer settings.
What do I have to do to make a USB sound card work? For example, do I need to remove the PCI sound card? Or anything else? Thanks.
That's only one card, no usb

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.887769
Retrieved Text: Normally, I don’t have time for things that go viral on the internet, but since this phenomenon involved sound, I did pay some attention to it. My initial introduction to this very unusual sonic situation was via the Stephen Colbert “Tonight” Show, where he played this very unusual sound. What was unusual about it was that some people heard “Laurel” when it was played while others heard “Yanni”. Some heard both. I initially heard “Laurel” when Colbert played it. Andi heard “Yanni”. Then he played some clips of various news shows commenting about this sound—usually they played it through their cell phones and the fidelity was poor. And it was at this time, that I clearly heard “Yanni”. I thought that (among other things), this difference in which sound was heard was due to the equalization of the sound, the playback equipment and of course our ear.I Indeed, when I went on to the Internet, there were multitudinous sites as well as suggestions about why this sound phenomenon should occur. Among other things that were thus far determined was that a slightly higher percentage heard “Lauren” and that younger people heard “Yanni”.
I wouldn’t jump to any conclusions about what this means—I have lots of thoughts. In fact, I could definitely be amongst those who could discuss the psycho-acoustic aspect of this, but instead, I’ll just give you the opportunity to explore the internet. Enter “Laurel vs Yanni” and you’ll get scores of sites, youtubes, etc. You can decide for yourself why this happens. There are even

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.8796
Retrieved Text: Wholeness: “the condition of being sound (sound: in good condition : solid and strong, in good health) in body, the quality or state of being without restriction, exception, or qualification.” –Merriam-Webster Dictionary.
“Lacking nothing and being healthy in body, soul, and mind,” is how I like to sum up such an intricate word like wholeness. I was researching what it means in Greek and Hebrew and I realized even more how complex of a word WHOLENESS is. Depending on the context and how it’s used it ranges from meaning pure, sound, rescue, safe, complete, and healthy. To me, healing and wholeness sound very similar. It’s clear that they both desire to be sound, but what’s their difference?
I think one of the distinctions is: healing is something that was wrong being made right, and wholeness is something that was missing being found.
What adds to your wholeness?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.871943
Retrieved Text: I’ve been trying to figure out why my sound has changed and become brighter than I like since the summer. I had what I thought was a nice sound when I managed to put all the pieces together and play well. When I started school last September my new horn teacher, Jeanine, began working with me on using air better (plus a slew of other things) and as that evolved my sound got brighter and edgier. My husband and several friends have told me that I sound more like a trombone than a horn. Jeanine worked on my playing position and that improved the sound a bit but really not enough. Other than that we put the sound issue aside for a while since there were plenty of other problems to work on.
Since the spring semester started Jeanine and I have been trying all sorts of things to improve my sound. One of the first things we did was to test mouthpieces. We did a ‘blind’ test – she didn’t know what mouthpiece I was using as she listened – and we did make a change that gave my horn a slightly warmer and darker sound but the change was subtle.
I still wasn’t that happy so we started testing horns with a possible outcome that I would buy another horn. One of Jeanine’s other students loaned me an E series Elkhart Conn 8D. The sound was closer to what I was looking for and it seemed really easy to play. Unfortunately it needs to have the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.857936
Retrieved Text: Creative Audio External Sound Cards. Reinstalled Xubuntu and now works perfect. Creative External Sound Cards. The sounds of this driver are in 3d which makes them to sound very real. Sign up with Google. I download this driver for personal use only, because my computer has no sound and I love listen to musics. Soundcard is working, it was previously installed in XP machine.
What do you like most about this program? I don’t knoiw what first time trying i do not know yet. Hearing something while i’m work.
It was originally designed for home users, gamers, and multimedia enthusiasts. Came in static bag, and in great shape. Most relevant reviews See all 7 reviews.
The sounds of this driver ct4810 sound card in 3d which makes them to sound very real. Reinstalled Xubuntu and now works perfect. Setting up old pc for dt4810 computer application use and gaming, to give a decent sound as the motherboard sound is totally broken and not working hear audio for listening music, watching video and pay attention.
Cad ct4810 sound card does not answer or it doesn’t exist”. It has sample banks that can be selected, so you can choose the level of quality which enables instruments to sound like the real-life counterpart. Ratings and Reviews Write a review.
Any Condition Any Condition. Setting up old pc for other computer application use and gaming, to give a decent sound as the motherboard sound is totally broken and not working. Ct4810 sound card card everything was good Verified purchase: Are you are experiencing a similar

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.857718
Retrieved Text: Super Sound Joiner is listed in Audio Editors and Recorders category and made available by Digitbyte Studio for Windows. Unfortunately, we have not yet reviewed Super Sound Joiner. If you would like to submit a review of this software, we encourage you to submit us something!
What is Super Sound Joiner software from Digitbyte Studio, what is it used for and how to use it?
Super Sound Joiner is an easy-to-use tool for joining all kinds of sound files into one large wav file. The sound joiner supports many audio formats such as MP3, WAV, WMA, AC3, OGG, MPA, MP2, AU, AIF, SND, etc. and video formats AVI, VCD, MPEG, WMV, ASF, OGM, DIVX, DAT, SVCD etc. No matter what compression rate, sample frequency or channels of input audio are, Super Sound Joiner converts them to same parameters and output one wav file. The sound joiner is convenient for you to process the wav file further. You can download the trial version of Super Sound Joiner freely.
Download and install Super Sound Joiner safely and without concerns.
Super Sound Joiner is a software product developed by Digitbyte Studio and it is listed in Audio category under Audio Editors and Recorders. Super Sound Joiner is licensed as Shareware which means that software product is provided as a free download to users but it may be limited in functionality or be time-limited. You may need to pay at some moment to continue using product or to use all functionalities. You can run Super Sound Joiner on all modern Windows OS operating systems.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.840489
Retrieved Text: What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision India was launched in 2005 as HaymarketжЉЇ first non-automotive title in India.Initially a quarterly magazine, Drawing heavily on content generated in the UK and benefiting from the titleжЉЇ worldwide reputation, the Indian edition of What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision has become the countryжЉЇ magazine of choice among audiophiles and home-cinema buyers.With the consumer electronics market booming in India, more retailers opening and more country-specific products being developed, the significance and importance of What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision grows, and it is expected that the title will soon become monthly.
What Hi-Fi Sound and Vision July 2012 India Download via Hotfile Rapidshare Fileserve Megaupload & FileSonic, What Hi-Fi Sound and Vision July 2012 India free torrent downloads included crack, serial, keygen.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.83794
Retrieved Text: Acoustic/electric Thru A Spider Iv?
Has anyone tried this and if so, how did it sound?
I've tried that thru a million different amps over the years. It'll work...in the sense that sound will come out, but don't expect it to sound too good. Acoustics through any electric guitar amp will never give you a true "acoustic" sound. They just aren't designed to reproduce that wide a range of frequencies. You need either a dedicated acoustic guitar amp, or run it through the a PA.
Unless you're using the Spider Jam which has a higher range driver in it as well as a 12 inch driver.. I don't think you're going to get an accurate sound.. Not to say that it will sound bad or good.. It just not might sound exactly like an acoustic guitar. That being said, I have run my acoustics through electric guitar amps before.. You can definitely tell that it is an acoustic guitar. I've gotten away with using them before to monitor my sound on stage.. Sending a separate line to FOH.
For aocustic, I used a Clean Green setting with just a touch of gain for some volume. Although the sound might not be as 'airy' as with a acoustic amp, it still was an acoustic sound, not a strangled/washy electric sound.
Thanks for the replys, and you're right. spent the weekend playing my new ovation thru the spider, and I agree. The spider doesn't seem to capture the dynamic range of an acoustic.
Note that this is typical with ANY amp and a standard

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.827573
Retrieved Text: Hey, I have replaced my MBP(2010 Mid model) typical hard drive with a brand new Intel SSD.
But, when I finished, and watch anime on bed, very strange sound come out from the bottom of my laptop.
I don't have any idea why this click-click sound come out. And this sound really bothers me.
Here's a sound record of this click-click sound, and I hope I can get some ideas from you.
I have that sound too, though not as often. I'm not too sure what it is exactly. What SSD do you have?
Hope you find the answer, but I really like the addition of the click's sound to help with troubleshooting!
I also have that sound sometimes, I didn't replace the HHD. My MBP is now 1 year old, and that sound is there for 1 month now, first I thought it came from underneath the trackpad, but lately the sound comes also from the keyboard.
It's really strange. It could be some harness cable dropping on some fan. Did you try to open it again?
Did you try plugging something into the headphone jack just to make sure that the sound wasn't coming through the speakers?
I think it is actually the hardware that makes the sound.
it tell you how to fix it.
So glad I came across this. I have a mid 2012 with ssd and the optical drive replaced with a 1TB HDD - this sound only occurred when i rested my computer on my lap. The only thing that remotely made sense was the hdd was going bad or the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.823954
Retrieved Text: Here's what it takes to be the 'sound guy' in productions.
The job of a location sound recordist is often overlooked on set. Visuals tend to be prioritised, and the limelight is often placed on the cameraman and talents.
Essentially known as "the sound man", they work hard to ensure that the production's sound effects and dialogues are recorded perfectly, so that we don't end up watching a silent movie.
But the underrated job comes with its own unique challenges. You have to deal with unexpected noises on set, and loop microphone cables underneath the talents' costumes.
We met up with Nuriskandar Hamzah, who has been in the entertainment industry for 14 years, to find out what it is like to be a location sound recordist.
Nuriskandar is known for being cheeky on set.
After graduating from SOMA in 2004, I was a part-time music teacher and played sets at clubs at night. I have always wanted to be in the entertainment industry, and I am lucky that the people around me have been supportive of my career choices.
I love making music – I even released a single in 2015. Audio is where I feel most at home.
How did you become a location sound recordist?
I started out as an assistant producer. While on the job, I became interested in camera work and eventually became a grip as well.
During one of my first shoots in 2009, my sound man could not make it at the last minute and I offered to replace him.
Everyone on set was shocked that I knew how to do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.796959
Retrieved Text: What is Hum of Taos?
There is a place called Taos in America and people can hear very small frequency hum sound suddenly. This sound is not heard by everyone but only few of them. These people will feel uncomfortable after listening to the sound for some time and they complain the symptoms like headache, giddiness, sleeplessness etc. Most of the people left this place and migrated to another place due to this sound. No one knows the origin of the sound and reason for the sound. Three decades have completed but no one could know the reason. It had remained as mystery for everyone. This sound was first recognized in 1977 and it resembles the sound of diesel engine which is moving far away. The sound is heard between the intervals and people who are able to hear the sound were shocked when others could not hear it. When they consulted a doctor, they came to know that there was no problem in their hearing abilities. All the people who suffered from this problem started writing letters to the popular news paper. When the news paper received more than 800 letters with the same problem, it had published the issue.
Few people had asked to government to help prevent the sound and it had sent some researchers to the place. They had tested the place with sensitive sound devices. It was surprised to see that the devices recorded only 30 to 80 hertz of sound and there were no recordings in few areas. They could not know

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.792174
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Sony Blu-Ray Set Top Box' started by popeye123, Nov 22, 2011.
Read somewhere that there were sound issues with Google TV either Revue or Sony. I have a Denon 5.1 sound system.
Curious if the issue was getting 5.1 sound from the Revue or Sony GTV's.
If so-has it been fixed with either Logitech or Sony? If not what was the sound issue?
Question for me if 5.1 sound is an issue and Sony is the only one that fixed it-maybe I should replace Revue with Sony to get the best sound with Denon????
If so-has it been fixed with either Logitech or Sony?
If not what was the sound issue?
Is the volume muted? The mute button is on the controller represented by a speaker with an "x" on it.
I bought mine on Sunday. The setup was easy and things worked flawlessly at first. I came back to it in the evening where the first thing I did was to install two apps. When I tried to watch some video there was no audio at all ... from the app or youtube or the cable tv source. I checked the mute button ... not that. I also went through severl system setting without success. I switched back to the cable box only setup and the sound was working fine. Swapped the HDMI cables back to GTV setup and still no sound. Back to cable box only setup overnight while i slept.
The next day I found some a post indicating that the app installation may have been the source of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.784138
Retrieved Text: I was just afraid the tambourine would be too bright at 15 kHz, but it's alright. I'm just not liking the master compression you've applied at all.
What kind of processing can result in 'warmer' and 'fatter' sounds? Although I suppose I should be asking what constitutes a 'warm' and 'fat' sound. If you presented me with two timbres, one 'cold' and 'thin', and the other 'warm' and 'fat', I'm pretty sure I'd be able to tell which was which, but I'm not sure I could tell you why I think that. Does that make sense?
Certain (usually more expensive) plug-ins have a sound that adds warmth in the form of harmonic distortion and other analogue anomalies, whereas cheaper (which also requires less processing) effects can add phase distortion and other digital artefacts into the sound which can give it a colder sound. That's why there are so many analogue-modeled effects out there these days, especially with DSP cards like the UAD-2 and PowerCore. Just give them a try and see what they can add to your sound.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.780313
Retrieved Text: Raymond King recently talked about the bucket drums and here’s what he had to say.
This is the Street drum that was created well it was more like the reinvention of the bucket by Larry Wright and Jared Crawford.
We were kids maybe around 8, 13 and 14. This was our means of making money and to pay our bills and keep out of trouble and was just something that we learned and explored with.
We took up more items and found more different ways to make different sounds on walls and floors and ceilings doors anything that made a sound like pots. But there are different sounds and I'll let you know what they are.
There are different ways to make different sounds too using the bucket drum. It Is different from using a normal drum because when you hit drums they all make the same sound as the center of the drum and make the same sound every time.
Not so with the bucket you have to hit the bucket in the right place to make a certain sound. The center which makes a specific sound, you have the rim which makes a different sound, you can also have a bucket that facing upwards and use the inside to stir the drumsticks inside makes a different sound. You can also Use the floors the walls ceilings and also to make a deep bass sound. To make that sound what you do is while you're drumming on the bucket drum you lift up the bucket with your foot at the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.777046
Retrieved Text: Best Christmas Deal Of 2015: A Sound Bar For 60% Off!
The sound on our TV is certainly loud enough under normal conditions, but when we play moves through our Blu-Ray player the sound for whatever reason is much quieter. My wife has commented several times that we should get a sound bar to enhance the audio experience while watching movies.
As much as I prefer to do my Christmas shopping online, I wasn’t going to buy a sound bar without hearing it in action first. I did some research online, and then headed to a nearby Best Buy and proceeded to spend ninety minutes going between sound bar displays comparing specifications and listening to how they sounded. When I had narrowed my choices to two, I flagged down an employee and asked for his opinion. He was of no help, basically telling me that the two were comparable in every way, so if one sounded better to my ear then that’s the one I should go with.
I then started to think seriously about cost.
Both were normally priced at $499 on sale for $349 (discounted $150), so I took one last listen to both products. One had much deeper and pronounced bass, which was the final factor in making my final selection. Next I looked to see if the product was in stock.
Skimming the shelves, I found that there was one of the sound bar I wanted in stock. I noticed there was a yellow sticker on the box, which warranted closer investigation. The sticker indicated an â€œopen

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.774988
Retrieved Text: Cymatics is the study of sound and how it manifests physically through patterns and shapes usually upon a surface of a plate or other thin solid surface like a membrane. Pieces of tiny matter like sand or some other type of light liquid or paste is placed upon a thin surface and through various sound frequencies the tiny parts of matter resonate and take various shapes, sometimes the shapes and patterns that are formed are so fantastical that is hard to believe. Take a look at the video below and see for yourself.
The history of cymatics begins with the observations of resonance by Da Vinci, Galileo, Robert Hook, and aftwards by Ernest Chlandni, he created an experiment using metal plates that were covered in sand and then with the help of a bow, similar to the one used for playing violin he bowed it on the side of the plate and noticed that the sand took various patterns. These patterns are called the “Chlandni patterns” or “Chlandni figures” you can see some in the image below.
The next person to explore this field, and who coined the term “Cymatics” was Hans Jenny in the 1970s. He published a two volume work, entitled Kymatic and since then the field of Cymatics has slowly begun to develop. The list of ways that Cymatics can be used for has been growing steadily and science has begun to find many interesting applications. Surprisingly one way that cymatics is being used, involves dolphins!
Our fellow sea friends have long fascinated us and slowly

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.74369
Retrieved Text: Just after 2:00 AM on June 14, 2012 I was woken up by a very loud whooping/howling sound coming from what sounded like the Vedder River in Chilliwack, BC, Canada. I had my window open which is why I think it actually woke me up. I live about 4 blocks north of the Vedder River and the sound was nothing like I had ever heard before. It definitely was not human and I couldn't identify it as an animal I had ever heard before. The sound/call lasted for about 15 minutes. There were no other animal sounds associated. It was eerily quiet actually besides this noise. After 15 minutes it stopped. About 10 to 20 minutes later I heard the same call a couple times but it sounded farther away. I listened to the 1978 Whoop-Howl from Snohomish County, Washington, USA on your website and the sound is virtually identical (besides the echo) to what I heard.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.733266
Retrieved Text: Went to the Sundial in Sun City Az to see the Electric Light Overture tribute band to ELO. They did a nice job, but the sound-man must have been asleep at the wheel because the sound system although very capable was not well used. Funny how the sound guy can ruin a concert.
+1 Sound guys can either add or subtract from what the artist wants the audience to hear...I like to hear what they hear when playing in front of an audience (i.e. with a good monitor system). I can sing and play much better when I can hear myself!
My favorite lousy sound person horror story happened several years ago to my friend Greg. First, the snare drum was WAY louder than the rest of the drum kit. But the biggest mistake was when Greg went to play the guitar solo on "You've Got Another Thing Coming". Greg was using his amp, which was about ten feet behind him, as his monitor. While he could hear his own playing, he couldn't hear that his amp mike wasn't turned on, so it looked like he was playing air guitar on stage. A good or even mediocre sound guy would have noticed that. But the bar he was playing at had their own sound system and sound guy, and he was awful.
No, actually it`s not the least bit funny, especially if it`s your sound getting ruined. It doesn`t help that no sound guy can be equally catastrophic.
When it makes you remember back when some bands sounded BETTER before

================



======= Instance Index 17209 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: But it could have been a shoe squeaking . It could have been a stomach gurgle . It could have been a burp . It could have been the leather on someone 's chair moving . And .. it could have been a fart . Of course , a sound like that ... it could have been a million things . I did n't think much of it , until she said:"OH ! Excuse me ! "
Question: What was the sound ?
Options: 
- She belched
 - She said nothing
 - She was silent
 - She stayed quiet

Target Text: She belched

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.295151
Retrieved Text: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
Previous message: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
Next message: [T3] *thwaaak* What Was That Sound?
tree branch making quite a  noise.
possible that a couple of strands let go?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.196767
Retrieved Text: Swiftlet Farming: Million Dollars A Year Income Potential.: Tikam Batu BH: What Happened When You Have The External Sound Tweeters Properly Placed???
Tikam Batu BH: What Happened When You Have The External Sound Tweeters Properly Placed???
I was not surprised what happen to Tikam Batu BH the moment the external sound was played.
The birds flew into the LMB and followed the sound until the furthest room on the top floor.
Why was it so easy for them to fly into the LMB and straight to the back of the building?
The answer lies with the way those external sound tweeters were installed.
The moment these birds passed each tweeter there will be another follow up tweeter that will pull them further inside.
The sound will be continuous this make them not to make a U turn towards the LMB.
Its how those tweeters were installed.
Just look at the way they entered and moved inside.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.172105
Retrieved Text: The absolute loudest sound I have ever heard was the sound of a top fuel dragster as they would spin the rear wheels in the bleach box, just behind the starting line on the drag strip, to heat the tires up! I was only a few feet away, working as security to keep people out of that area at the NHRA Winternationals.
This was a long time ago, but it is something that I will always remember. The sound of those top fuel dragsters revving their engines at top RPM was a sound unlike any other I have ever experienced! It was SO loud, it did not even sound like I was hearing it through my outer ear. It sounded (and felt) like the sound was emanating in my gut and the sound was exiting my body through my ears! I have no idea what the actual sound pressure level was that day, but it had to have been at least 140 decibels. I was not wearing any hearing protection!
Sound does not have to be as loud as that to cause Noise Induced Hearing Loss. Do you know what NIHL is? Do you know what sound levels are safe to be exposed to and for how long? How can you minimize the risk? Noise Induced Hearing Loss is any hearing impairment that is as a result from exposure to loud sound. It is preventable and it can be permanent! In order to keep our hearing in good health we need to know what levels to limit to.
You

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.123049
Retrieved Text: Reprinted from The Hollywood Reporter by Carolyn Giardina on December 12, 2017.
What did it take to immerse audiences in a dystopian future in Denis Villeneuve’s Blade Runner 2049? Supervising sound editor and Oscar winner Mark Mangini (Mad Max: Fury Road) talks with The Hollywood Reporter and describes some of the extensive work, from an oppressive Los Angeles to Wallace’s Zen-like office. He also raises questions about why sound pros are frequently absent from main title credits.
What was the overall approach to the sound that you discussed with Denis Villeneuve?
One of the interesting ideas and approaches that Denis had was that, and I think it’s a pretty fresh idea, sound should start when production starts. And sound can, in fact, inform the edit as it is occurring. And that’s not the way movies are traditionally made, but Denis, who is an extremely smart filmmaker, saw the value.
Tell us about creating the sound of Los Angeles in 2049.
What Does A Wormhole Sound Like?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.07998
Retrieved Text: : : Hi. I just got back from Guitar Center where I tested out a few different basses. I've picked up an Ibanez that was about $220 and this thing sounded great! I plugged in, and turned up the knobs, and was in love. What was so awesome is the sound it gave me. (I turned up the 3rd knob on the guitar and got a really nice "pinging" soud) I currently play on a Fender P-Bass, and do not have a 3rd knob, and my bass does not give me that distinctive pinging sound which I am looking for. I then thought it may be the amp, so I picked up a p-bass like the one I own, and I did not get that pinging sound. I then picked up a Fender Jazz Bass (With 3 knobs!) and sure enough, I got the pinging sound I was looking for! My question is: Is the sound that I'm looking for made by the guitar?? What does that 3rd knob do?? Could I make my p-bass any more pingy?? If so, what would I have to do to replace it?
: The sound you're hearing is the classic Jazz Bass sound that many of us have come to know and love. The third knob is a tone knob and turning it to the right brings out the treble; the "pinging" is the sound of two jazz pickups - It's a more percussive, better defined sound that you just can't get from a P Bass.
: I suppose you could

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.063449
Retrieved Text: I have a laptop HP Probook 4740S and I can't seem to find which sound card I'm using. I want to download a sound driver for linux, but don't know which drivers I should download. I want to download a sound driver for linux, but don't know which drivers I should download.... Just had to completely reformat my (old!) PC after having some mal wear get onto it - have reinstalled windows XP but can get no sounds (just the odd system bleep) - in the ''device manager' no sound cards are showing so cannot reinstall drivers because don't know what sound card to install them for.
24/11/2012 · I have a Sound Blaster sound card but don't know what kind. My brother originally built the computer from scratch but he can't remember either...it was a while ago.... 2/09/2010 · Hello all, I own a 15 inch 2.66 Ghz i7 Macbook Pro. I am interested in getting involved with audio production with this computer and was wondering what soundcard the Macbook Pro is currently equipped with and whether or not I should consider upgrading it at some point in the future.
27/04/2015 · Aside from technologies used, I need to know the actual name of the soundcard chip or the soundcard itself. Could someone with a recent Alienware 17 let me know what they see for their sound card in device manager, please? how to know when dpf is regenerated vcds 4/07/2011 · Welcome to LinuxQuestions.org, a friendly and active Linux Community. You are currently viewing LQ as

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.018224
Retrieved Text: What do you think you will hear?
What is the mood or tone?
List the people and topics you hear.
Write one sentence summarizing this sound recording.
Try to make sense of it.
When is this sound recording from?
What was happening at the time in history it was created?
Who do you think is the intended audience?
How do you think the creator wanted the audience to respond? List evidence from the sound recording or your knowledge about who made it that led you to your conclusion.
Use it as historical evidence.
What did you find out from this sound recording that you might not learn anywhere else?
What other documents or historical evidence are you going to use to help you understand this event or topic?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.007336
Retrieved Text: What software do/did you use to make your music?
What's the craziest or weirdest sound you've heard from an animal?
Sound editor for film here, how are your voices processed? Seems like a bit of proximity effect, and limiting? How much restoration do you have to do?
Fellow Sound Designer here! What are some of the favorite sound effects you've made or recorded? What was the most unexpected source of a great sound? Favorite plugins or tricks you use?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.956772
Retrieved Text: What was this strange sound in Terre Haute (Indiana) on March 10 2014? There are two videos in this post. One was shot at 4 AM and the other one just 1 hour later, at 5 AM. The sound is the first video is a loud humming and metalic noise. In the second video, the weird noise has almost completely disappeared. Strange!
So this is the second video, as you can hear in the video, it’s gotten much quieter, there is a small breeze you can hear wind chimes. Can you tell the difference?!
I think these strange sounds are real! But what is the source?
I just heard what I believe is the same sound outside my house about an hour ago. I’ve been looking all over the internet to see if I could find what it was. I also recorded it. To me, it sounded like a fleet of jets in the sky, but constant. I’m totally freaked out!
Do not panic too much! Most of the sounds have a natural explanations. Where are you at? In a seismic region? Around a arsenal or army base? Near an airport? Was the sound accompanied by light? Then, it might be a meteor entering the Earth atmosphere.
Thanks for your reply! I’m fairly new to this area, so I’m not sure where the nearest base is, but we are a good hour from an airport. No lights that I saw. I live in a somewhat rural area near Rio Vista, CA (between San Francisco and Sacramento). Even my neighbors were outside

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.95556
Retrieved Text: In 2015 I decided to try a new recording technique. Before this disc I had always tried to make recordings that sounded pretty much like my live sound but I was never happy with the sound. For the Traashman Blues CD I just tried to record the songs that I was doing at the time but I just tried to make the songs sound good and and didn't use the one man band drums. I'm much happier with this recording and all the reviews have been very positive.
The CD is mostly blues with a little rock and country thrown in. I'm the only musician and play guitar, bass, drums, harmonica, trumpet, accordion, organ, stranierofono and Jew's harps.
The entire CD is here in MP3 format if you want to download it, I give it freely if you wish to donate something to my virtual hat (could I be the first street artist with a virtual hat for donations?) or buy a copy of the CD click here. If you click on the photo, you can even have a printable CD cover.
In 2007 I recorded "Digital Gramophone", a CD of 32 short songs trying to keep the sound basically to what I was doing live at the time which was a New Orleans-ish jazz traditional sound for the most part. It is a fair representation of what I sound like sometimes. It is NOT a fair representation of what I sound like always! Sometimes I have a much more electric rock/reggae kind of sound.
My daughter, Gaia, is featured

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.922862
Retrieved Text: Here's the deal. On my computer in English we have downloaded things off of Kazaa. Usually you cant do this and sound doesnt work but we managed to log off the school network and get it to where we could do all this. I came in today and the sound does not work. How have they disabled it? I checked the sound properties and the sound device says its working properly, so what could they have done? I'm not an expert on Windows so I need to know how they changed it so the sound doesnt work. Thanks in advance.
In the lower right hand corner, there's probably a golden megaphone. See if the sound is muted.
uh does it have speakers and/or a soundcard? Also what type of file is it, you are using some sort of player to play it so look inside the application for a volume control as well.
A quick note on windows 95 and the device properties. The device could be on fire, in a pool of acid and suffering a nuclear meltdown and windows 95 would report it as working properly. That being said, check the speakers, check for the sound being muted and/or for the volume control being down. If al lis well there they may have removed the sound codecs for using sound, except you will typically get errors when this is done. Ahrd to tell with the very little bit of information given here.
What do I look like here a retard? The sound was not muted I checked that.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.916872
Retrieved Text: I'm guessing this is the best place to post this question. Last night I was listening to the CBS Radio Mystery Theater on WNAR. This particular episode still had the original commercials in it. Right after E.G. Marshall announced "we'll be right back", there's a distinct "plink" sound just before the commercial begins. As I recall, it's heard again before the program resumes. I remember this sound back in the day when listening to CBS news on the radio and then they'd switch to Pat Summerall doing an True Value Hardware commercial.
Anybody know what that sound was?
I’m on the east coast and listen to WCBS 880 New York.
Now that you mention it, I recall that sound from years past on WCBS. I always figured it was some sort of “transfer” switch or something specific to the CBS brand. Sort of like NBC chimes. I also recall it on some syndicated shows.
Speaking of CBS, for decades WCBS880 seems to have a unique studio sound regardless of the person behind the mic. Even today, while tuning up and down the AM band I can always identify WCBS880 by its “sound”. I don’t know if it’s the studio, or mics, or EQ. I’m not sure what it is, but I always know when I’ve tuned to 880 on the dial.
That's a NetAlert chirp. CBS introduced it around 1962, and those chirps would control equipment in their network. Depending how many chirps were sent, it could alert the station to an emergency, switch to commercials, etc.
Exactly what Battery Maker said

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.908185
Retrieved Text: Running RC6, I believe, on a Dell Dimension E520. I have a cheap CMedia relatively generic low-end sound card, that has been working right along. Until this morning. Last night watching U-tube videos, sound worked fine; this morning nothing. Haven't changed anything as far as I know.
Onboard sound is disabled in the bios. CMedia cound card is seated properly. I ran the commands in the "sticky" post about sound cards, without finding a solution. My sound card is detected. Alsamixer says nothing is muted (except a bunch of ICE958 stuff that I don't know what it is, and the 3D control). Volumes all up. Reconfiguring sound card with alsaconf didn't help.
I tried plugging in a cheap USB sound card I had sitting around. It didn't work either. Of course, I don't know what else has to be done with those to set them up; I just plugged it in and tried it, first with PCI sound card still in place, and then without; no luck either way.
Btw. when you join IRC you could get an update.
My little USB sound card is currently plugged into a USB port. Speakers are not plugged into it.
Regarding IRC: an update of what?
New lenny based system of course.
What do you make of the output from my cat /proc/asound/cards ?
It only shows one output, thats usally correct. Check mixer settings.
What do I have to do to make a USB sound card work? For example, do I need to remove the PCI sound card? Or anything else? Thanks.
That's only one card, no usb

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.887769
Retrieved Text: Normally, I don’t have time for things that go viral on the internet, but since this phenomenon involved sound, I did pay some attention to it. My initial introduction to this very unusual sonic situation was via the Stephen Colbert “Tonight” Show, where he played this very unusual sound. What was unusual about it was that some people heard “Laurel” when it was played while others heard “Yanni”. Some heard both. I initially heard “Laurel” when Colbert played it. Andi heard “Yanni”. Then he played some clips of various news shows commenting about this sound—usually they played it through their cell phones and the fidelity was poor. And it was at this time, that I clearly heard “Yanni”. I thought that (among other things), this difference in which sound was heard was due to the equalization of the sound, the playback equipment and of course our ear.I Indeed, when I went on to the Internet, there were multitudinous sites as well as suggestions about why this sound phenomenon should occur. Among other things that were thus far determined was that a slightly higher percentage heard “Lauren” and that younger people heard “Yanni”.
I wouldn’t jump to any conclusions about what this means—I have lots of thoughts. In fact, I could definitely be amongst those who could discuss the psycho-acoustic aspect of this, but instead, I’ll just give you the opportunity to explore the internet. Enter “Laurel vs Yanni” and you’ll get scores of sites, youtubes, etc. You can decide for yourself why this happens. There are even

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.8796
Retrieved Text: Wholeness: “the condition of being sound (sound: in good condition : solid and strong, in good health) in body, the quality or state of being without restriction, exception, or qualification.” –Merriam-Webster Dictionary.
“Lacking nothing and being healthy in body, soul, and mind,” is how I like to sum up such an intricate word like wholeness. I was researching what it means in Greek and Hebrew and I realized even more how complex of a word WHOLENESS is. Depending on the context and how it’s used it ranges from meaning pure, sound, rescue, safe, complete, and healthy. To me, healing and wholeness sound very similar. It’s clear that they both desire to be sound, but what’s their difference?
I think one of the distinctions is: healing is something that was wrong being made right, and wholeness is something that was missing being found.
What adds to your wholeness?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.871943
Retrieved Text: I’ve been trying to figure out why my sound has changed and become brighter than I like since the summer. I had what I thought was a nice sound when I managed to put all the pieces together and play well. When I started school last September my new horn teacher, Jeanine, began working with me on using air better (plus a slew of other things) and as that evolved my sound got brighter and edgier. My husband and several friends have told me that I sound more like a trombone than a horn. Jeanine worked on my playing position and that improved the sound a bit but really not enough. Other than that we put the sound issue aside for a while since there were plenty of other problems to work on.
Since the spring semester started Jeanine and I have been trying all sorts of things to improve my sound. One of the first things we did was to test mouthpieces. We did a ‘blind’ test – she didn’t know what mouthpiece I was using as she listened – and we did make a change that gave my horn a slightly warmer and darker sound but the change was subtle.
I still wasn’t that happy so we started testing horns with a possible outcome that I would buy another horn. One of Jeanine’s other students loaned me an E series Elkhart Conn 8D. The sound was closer to what I was looking for and it seemed really easy to play. Unfortunately it needs to have the

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.857936
Retrieved Text: Creative Audio External Sound Cards. Reinstalled Xubuntu and now works perfect. Creative External Sound Cards. The sounds of this driver are in 3d which makes them to sound very real. Sign up with Google. I download this driver for personal use only, because my computer has no sound and I love listen to musics. Soundcard is working, it was previously installed in XP machine.
What do you like most about this program? I don’t knoiw what first time trying i do not know yet. Hearing something while i’m work.
It was originally designed for home users, gamers, and multimedia enthusiasts. Came in static bag, and in great shape. Most relevant reviews See all 7 reviews.
The sounds of this driver ct4810 sound card in 3d which makes them to sound very real. Reinstalled Xubuntu and now works perfect. Setting up old pc for dt4810 computer application use and gaming, to give a decent sound as the motherboard sound is totally broken and not working hear audio for listening music, watching video and pay attention.
Cad ct4810 sound card does not answer or it doesn’t exist”. It has sample banks that can be selected, so you can choose the level of quality which enables instruments to sound like the real-life counterpart. Ratings and Reviews Write a review.
Any Condition Any Condition. Setting up old pc for other computer application use and gaming, to give a decent sound as the motherboard sound is totally broken and not working. Ct4810 sound card card everything was good Verified purchase: Are you are experiencing a similar

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.857718
Retrieved Text: Super Sound Joiner is listed in Audio Editors and Recorders category and made available by Digitbyte Studio for Windows. Unfortunately, we have not yet reviewed Super Sound Joiner. If you would like to submit a review of this software, we encourage you to submit us something!
What is Super Sound Joiner software from Digitbyte Studio, what is it used for and how to use it?
Super Sound Joiner is an easy-to-use tool for joining all kinds of sound files into one large wav file. The sound joiner supports many audio formats such as MP3, WAV, WMA, AC3, OGG, MPA, MP2, AU, AIF, SND, etc. and video formats AVI, VCD, MPEG, WMV, ASF, OGM, DIVX, DAT, SVCD etc. No matter what compression rate, sample frequency or channels of input audio are, Super Sound Joiner converts them to same parameters and output one wav file. The sound joiner is convenient for you to process the wav file further. You can download the trial version of Super Sound Joiner freely.
Download and install Super Sound Joiner safely and without concerns.
Super Sound Joiner is a software product developed by Digitbyte Studio and it is listed in Audio category under Audio Editors and Recorders. Super Sound Joiner is licensed as Shareware which means that software product is provided as a free download to users but it may be limited in functionality or be time-limited. You may need to pay at some moment to continue using product or to use all functionalities. You can run Super Sound Joiner on all modern Windows OS operating systems.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.840489
Retrieved Text: What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision India was launched in 2005 as HaymarketжЉЇ first non-automotive title in India.Initially a quarterly magazine, Drawing heavily on content generated in the UK and benefiting from the titleжЉЇ worldwide reputation, the Indian edition of What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision has become the countryжЉЇ magazine of choice among audiophiles and home-cinema buyers.With the consumer electronics market booming in India, more retailers opening and more country-specific products being developed, the significance and importance of What Hi-Fi? Sound and Vision grows, and it is expected that the title will soon become monthly.
What Hi-Fi Sound and Vision July 2012 India Download via Hotfile Rapidshare Fileserve Megaupload & FileSonic, What Hi-Fi Sound and Vision July 2012 India free torrent downloads included crack, serial, keygen.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.83794
Retrieved Text: Acoustic/electric Thru A Spider Iv?
Has anyone tried this and if so, how did it sound?
I've tried that thru a million different amps over the years. It'll work...in the sense that sound will come out, but don't expect it to sound too good. Acoustics through any electric guitar amp will never give you a true "acoustic" sound. They just aren't designed to reproduce that wide a range of frequencies. You need either a dedicated acoustic guitar amp, or run it through the a PA.
Unless you're using the Spider Jam which has a higher range driver in it as well as a 12 inch driver.. I don't think you're going to get an accurate sound.. Not to say that it will sound bad or good.. It just not might sound exactly like an acoustic guitar. That being said, I have run my acoustics through electric guitar amps before.. You can definitely tell that it is an acoustic guitar. I've gotten away with using them before to monitor my sound on stage.. Sending a separate line to FOH.
For aocustic, I used a Clean Green setting with just a touch of gain for some volume. Although the sound might not be as 'airy' as with a acoustic amp, it still was an acoustic sound, not a strangled/washy electric sound.
Thanks for the replys, and you're right. spent the weekend playing my new ovation thru the spider, and I agree. The spider doesn't seem to capture the dynamic range of an acoustic.
Note that this is typical with ANY amp and a standard

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.827573
Retrieved Text: Hey, I have replaced my MBP(2010 Mid model) typical hard drive with a brand new Intel SSD.
But, when I finished, and watch anime on bed, very strange sound come out from the bottom of my laptop.
I don't have any idea why this click-click sound come out. And this sound really bothers me.
Here's a sound record of this click-click sound, and I hope I can get some ideas from you.
I have that sound too, though not as often. I'm not too sure what it is exactly. What SSD do you have?
Hope you find the answer, but I really like the addition of the click's sound to help with troubleshooting!
I also have that sound sometimes, I didn't replace the HHD. My MBP is now 1 year old, and that sound is there for 1 month now, first I thought it came from underneath the trackpad, but lately the sound comes also from the keyboard.
It's really strange. It could be some harness cable dropping on some fan. Did you try to open it again?
Did you try plugging something into the headphone jack just to make sure that the sound wasn't coming through the speakers?
I think it is actually the hardware that makes the sound.
it tell you how to fix it.
So glad I came across this. I have a mid 2012 with ssd and the optical drive replaced with a 1TB HDD - this sound only occurred when i rested my computer on my lap. The only thing that remotely made sense was the hdd was going bad or the

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.823954
Retrieved Text: Here's what it takes to be the 'sound guy' in productions.
The job of a location sound recordist is often overlooked on set. Visuals tend to be prioritised, and the limelight is often placed on the cameraman and talents.
Essentially known as "the sound man", they work hard to ensure that the production's sound effects and dialogues are recorded perfectly, so that we don't end up watching a silent movie.
But the underrated job comes with its own unique challenges. You have to deal with unexpected noises on set, and loop microphone cables underneath the talents' costumes.
We met up with Nuriskandar Hamzah, who has been in the entertainment industry for 14 years, to find out what it is like to be a location sound recordist.
Nuriskandar is known for being cheeky on set.
After graduating from SOMA in 2004, I was a part-time music teacher and played sets at clubs at night. I have always wanted to be in the entertainment industry, and I am lucky that the people around me have been supportive of my career choices.
I love making music – I even released a single in 2015. Audio is where I feel most at home.
How did you become a location sound recordist?
I started out as an assistant producer. While on the job, I became interested in camera work and eventually became a grip as well.
During one of my first shoots in 2009, my sound man could not make it at the last minute and I offered to replace him.
Everyone on set was shocked that I knew how to do

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.796959
Retrieved Text: What is Hum of Taos?
There is a place called Taos in America and people can hear very small frequency hum sound suddenly. This sound is not heard by everyone but only few of them. These people will feel uncomfortable after listening to the sound for some time and they complain the symptoms like headache, giddiness, sleeplessness etc. Most of the people left this place and migrated to another place due to this sound. No one knows the origin of the sound and reason for the sound. Three decades have completed but no one could know the reason. It had remained as mystery for everyone. This sound was first recognized in 1977 and it resembles the sound of diesel engine which is moving far away. The sound is heard between the intervals and people who are able to hear the sound were shocked when others could not hear it. When they consulted a doctor, they came to know that there was no problem in their hearing abilities. All the people who suffered from this problem started writing letters to the popular news paper. When the news paper received more than 800 letters with the same problem, it had published the issue.
Few people had asked to government to help prevent the sound and it had sent some researchers to the place. They had tested the place with sensitive sound devices. It was surprised to see that the devices recorded only 30 to 80 hertz of sound and there were no recordings in few areas. They could not know

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.792174
Retrieved Text: Discussion in 'Sony Blu-Ray Set Top Box' started by popeye123, Nov 22, 2011.
Read somewhere that there were sound issues with Google TV either Revue or Sony. I have a Denon 5.1 sound system.
Curious if the issue was getting 5.1 sound from the Revue or Sony GTV's.
If so-has it been fixed with either Logitech or Sony? If not what was the sound issue?
Question for me if 5.1 sound is an issue and Sony is the only one that fixed it-maybe I should replace Revue with Sony to get the best sound with Denon????
If so-has it been fixed with either Logitech or Sony?
If not what was the sound issue?
Is the volume muted? The mute button is on the controller represented by a speaker with an "x" on it.
I bought mine on Sunday. The setup was easy and things worked flawlessly at first. I came back to it in the evening where the first thing I did was to install two apps. When I tried to watch some video there was no audio at all ... from the app or youtube or the cable tv source. I checked the mute button ... not that. I also went through severl system setting without success. I switched back to the cable box only setup and the sound was working fine. Swapped the HDMI cables back to GTV setup and still no sound. Back to cable box only setup overnight while i slept.
The next day I found some a post indicating that the app installation may have been the source of the

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.784138
Retrieved Text: I was just afraid the tambourine would be too bright at 15 kHz, but it's alright. I'm just not liking the master compression you've applied at all.
What kind of processing can result in 'warmer' and 'fatter' sounds? Although I suppose I should be asking what constitutes a 'warm' and 'fat' sound. If you presented me with two timbres, one 'cold' and 'thin', and the other 'warm' and 'fat', I'm pretty sure I'd be able to tell which was which, but I'm not sure I could tell you why I think that. Does that make sense?
Certain (usually more expensive) plug-ins have a sound that adds warmth in the form of harmonic distortion and other analogue anomalies, whereas cheaper (which also requires less processing) effects can add phase distortion and other digital artefacts into the sound which can give it a colder sound. That's why there are so many analogue-modeled effects out there these days, especially with DSP cards like the UAD-2 and PowerCore. Just give them a try and see what they can add to your sound.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.780313
Retrieved Text: Raymond King recently talked about the bucket drums and here’s what he had to say.
This is the Street drum that was created well it was more like the reinvention of the bucket by Larry Wright and Jared Crawford.
We were kids maybe around 8, 13 and 14. This was our means of making money and to pay our bills and keep out of trouble and was just something that we learned and explored with.
We took up more items and found more different ways to make different sounds on walls and floors and ceilings doors anything that made a sound like pots. But there are different sounds and I'll let you know what they are.
There are different ways to make different sounds too using the bucket drum. It Is different from using a normal drum because when you hit drums they all make the same sound as the center of the drum and make the same sound every time.
Not so with the bucket you have to hit the bucket in the right place to make a certain sound. The center which makes a specific sound, you have the rim which makes a different sound, you can also have a bucket that facing upwards and use the inside to stir the drumsticks inside makes a different sound. You can also Use the floors the walls ceilings and also to make a deep bass sound. To make that sound what you do is while you're drumming on the bucket drum you lift up the bucket with your foot at the

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.777046
Retrieved Text: Best Christmas Deal Of 2015: A Sound Bar For 60% Off!
The sound on our TV is certainly loud enough under normal conditions, but when we play moves through our Blu-Ray player the sound for whatever reason is much quieter. My wife has commented several times that we should get a sound bar to enhance the audio experience while watching movies.
As much as I prefer to do my Christmas shopping online, I wasn’t going to buy a sound bar without hearing it in action first. I did some research online, and then headed to a nearby Best Buy and proceeded to spend ninety minutes going between sound bar displays comparing specifications and listening to how they sounded. When I had narrowed my choices to two, I flagged down an employee and asked for his opinion. He was of no help, basically telling me that the two were comparable in every way, so if one sounded better to my ear then that’s the one I should go with.
I then started to think seriously about cost.
Both were normally priced at $499 on sale for $349 (discounted $150), so I took one last listen to both products. One had much deeper and pronounced bass, which was the final factor in making my final selection. Next I looked to see if the product was in stock.
Skimming the shelves, I found that there was one of the sound bar I wanted in stock. I noticed there was a yellow sticker on the box, which warranted closer investigation. The sticker indicated an â€œopen

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.774988
Retrieved Text: Cymatics is the study of sound and how it manifests physically through patterns and shapes usually upon a surface of a plate or other thin solid surface like a membrane. Pieces of tiny matter like sand or some other type of light liquid or paste is placed upon a thin surface and through various sound frequencies the tiny parts of matter resonate and take various shapes, sometimes the shapes and patterns that are formed are so fantastical that is hard to believe. Take a look at the video below and see for yourself.
The history of cymatics begins with the observations of resonance by Da Vinci, Galileo, Robert Hook, and aftwards by Ernest Chlandni, he created an experiment using metal plates that were covered in sand and then with the help of a bow, similar to the one used for playing violin he bowed it on the side of the plate and noticed that the sand took various patterns. These patterns are called the “Chlandni patterns” or “Chlandni figures” you can see some in the image below.
The next person to explore this field, and who coined the term “Cymatics” was Hans Jenny in the 1970s. He published a two volume work, entitled Kymatic and since then the field of Cymatics has slowly begun to develop. The list of ways that Cymatics can be used for has been growing steadily and science has begun to find many interesting applications. Surprisingly one way that cymatics is being used, involves dolphins!
Our fellow sea friends have long fascinated us and slowly

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.74369
Retrieved Text: Just after 2:00 AM on June 14, 2012 I was woken up by a very loud whooping/howling sound coming from what sounded like the Vedder River in Chilliwack, BC, Canada. I had my window open which is why I think it actually woke me up. I live about 4 blocks north of the Vedder River and the sound was nothing like I had ever heard before. It definitely was not human and I couldn't identify it as an animal I had ever heard before. The sound/call lasted for about 15 minutes. There were no other animal sounds associated. It was eerily quiet actually besides this noise. After 15 minutes it stopped. About 10 to 20 minutes later I heard the same call a couple times but it sounded farther away. I listened to the 1978 Whoop-Howl from Snohomish County, Washington, USA on your website and the sound is virtually identical (besides the echo) to what I heard.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.733266
Retrieved Text: Went to the Sundial in Sun City Az to see the Electric Light Overture tribute band to ELO. They did a nice job, but the sound-man must have been asleep at the wheel because the sound system although very capable was not well used. Funny how the sound guy can ruin a concert.
+1 Sound guys can either add or subtract from what the artist wants the audience to hear...I like to hear what they hear when playing in front of an audience (i.e. with a good monitor system). I can sing and play much better when I can hear myself!
My favorite lousy sound person horror story happened several years ago to my friend Greg. First, the snare drum was WAY louder than the rest of the drum kit. But the biggest mistake was when Greg went to play the guitar solo on "You've Got Another Thing Coming". Greg was using his amp, which was about ten feet behind him, as his monitor. While he could hear his own playing, he couldn't hear that his amp mike wasn't turned on, so it looked like he was playing air guitar on stage. A good or even mediocre sound guy would have noticed that. But the bar he was playing at had their own sound system and sound guy, and he was awful.
No, actually it`s not the least bit funny, especially if it`s your sound getting ruined. It doesn`t help that no sound guy can be equally catastrophic.
When it makes you remember back when some bands sounded BETTER before

================



======= Instance Index 21635 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: It did n't run when I came near , or make any notice that I was even nearby . It was sort of digging with one paw into the ground , but that was all . I had NO idea what to do for this lil guy . My guess is that he fell out of a tree or something as he did n't look maimed in any way .
Question: where was the man ?
Options: 
- None of the above choices .
 - he was in the shower
 - he was in the ground
 - he was outside

Target Text: he was outside

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.516873
Retrieved Text: Where Did Man Originate From Scientifically?
Scientists believed that they had discovered that all human originated in parts of East Africa, because it was only that the early primates appear to have evolved into early anthropoids. Admittedly, that have also been various primate finds in Asia, some of which are even older than the African specimens. But the Asian representatives do not appear to have evolved any further. Recently, however, younger fossils have been found in the areas of Pakistan that are only about 30 million to 23 million years old, and which, in contrast to previous discoveries, could have evolved toward anthropoids.
It is not a scientifically known fact as to where exactly man originated from. Scientist use the bones and artefacts to try to determine which specimens are the oldest in the world. Many scientists agree that the oldest in the world are from East Africa; however, other scientists will argue that they are from Asia. So, the answer is not 100% true as of yet. There are only speculations as to where man originated from.
We came from the sea and evolved into what we are now over millions of years. There is no GOD a man did die on a cross but was no messiah he probably had a mental disease.
Where Did Abortion Originate From?
Where Did Fiat Originate From?
Where Did The Word Theatre Originate From?
Where Did The Word Dream Originate From?
Where Did Cancer Originate From?
Where Did Lyrical Dance Originate From?
Where Did Trichomoniasis Originate From?
Where Did The Word 'Fossil' Originate From?
Where did the word atoll originate

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.366616
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (SUN TIMES MEDIA WIRE) - Nine people were reported shot in Chicago on Wednesday, including a man who was killed Wednesday night in the Humboldt Park neighborhood on the West Side.
About 7 p.m., the man, 20, and two acquaintances were standing in a parking lot near the intersection of Division Street and Monticello Avenue when a dark-colored vehicle drove up and someone inside fired shots, according to Chicago police.
The man was struck in the chest and taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead, police said. The Cook County medical examiner’s office did not immediately release details about the fatality.
A 34-year-old was also struck in the leg and a 19-year-old was shot in the thigh, police said. They were taken to Stroger Hospital as well, where both of their conditions were stabilized.
In the day’s non-fatal shootings, a 24-year-old man was shot Wednesday night in the Little Village neighborhood on the South Side.
The man was outside about 10:40 p.m. in the 2800 block of South Pulaski Road when he heard shots and realized he had been struck in the arm, police said. The man told police he did not know who fired the gun or where the shots came from.
The man took himself to Mount Sinai Hospital where he was reported to be in good condition, police said. No one is in custody. Area Central detectives are investigating.
On the West Side, a 38-year-old man was shot Wednesday night in Homan Square.
About 8:07 p.m., the man was walking in the 600 block of South Saint

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.360216
Retrieved Text: Ontario’s police watchdog has cleared a Middlesex County OPP officer of any wrongdoing in the Nov. 11, 2017, death of a Strathroy man who was struck by a vehicle shortly after interacting with the officer at the town’s OPP detachment.
The Special Investigation Unit said the man was banging on the front door of the detachment shortly after 11 p.m. when the officer answered the door. After noticing the man, who had injured his hand earlier that night during a fight, was bleeding, the officer asked the man to wait while she retrieved her rubber gloves.
Instead of waiting, the man headed to the road, where he was later struck by another vehicle, the SIU said.
The man was taken to hospital, where he died of his injuries months later.
“On all of the evidence, it appears that the tragic injuries suffered by the (man) were as a result of his voluntary actions in walking on the roadway where he was subsequently unfortunately struck by a passing motorist, and there is no causal connection between the actions of the (officer) and the injuries to the (man),” said Tony Loparco, the SIU’s director, in his report.
Federal cash aids 10,000 affordable housing units in London Will Middlesex County libraries permanently close book on kids' late fees?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.336006
Retrieved Text: Sat, Nov. 3, 12:49 a.m. – Officers patrolling the 6600 block of Del Playa Drive observed a man staggering down the street.
The man lost his balance several times, falling to the ground, before standing up and trying again.
As a deputy observed the man, he saw that the subject was about to fall and kindly ran to catch him. The officer then prepared to arrest him, noting that he was extremely intoxicated.
The deputy informed the potential pledge that he was not affiliated with the greek system and arrested him for public intoxication.
The subject seemed upset that the incident was not a joke. He was transported to the Santa Barbara County Jail, where he was housed… in a jail, not a frat house.
Friday, Oct. 26, 2:03 a.m. – Deputies patrolling the 6700 block of Sabado Tarde Road observed a man pounding on the front door of a residence.
The officer watched the subject stumble over a bike, pick it up, drop it and pick it up again, apparently intent on stealing it.
A resident emerged from the house and told the man to leave the bicycle alone, asking the officer for backup.
The deputy contacted the alleged thief and began questioning him. The 19-year-old subject said that he was just looking for a place to party – perhaps at some Isla Vista bicycle bash.
The officer then decided that the two were having completely different conversations, as the subject seemed to be filling out a Match.com survey rather than answering the questions. The deputy arrested the man for public intoxication. The man

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.27915
Retrieved Text: A Port Lincoln man has lost his licence for six months after being caught drink driving on December 6. Police stopped the 37-year-old man just after 7pm on Normandy Place in Port LIncoln where he was submitted to a breath test. The man recorded an alleged reading of 0.085, above the legal limit of 0.05. The man lost his licence on the spot for six month and his car was impounded for 28 days.
A Port Lincoln man has lost his licence for six months after being caught drink driving on December 6.
Police stopped the 37-year-old man just after 7pm on Normandy Place in Port LIncoln where he was submitted to a breath test.
The man recorded an alleged reading of 0.085, above the legal limit of 0.05.
The man lost his licence on the spot for six month and his car was impounded for 28 days.
Discuss "Port Lincoln man loses licence after drink driving"

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.275515
Retrieved Text: Seventeen men and one woman were wounded in Philadelphia shooting incidents tracked by the Gun Crisis Reporting Project over the holiday weekend, based on original reporting, media reports, police and other sources. Five of the victims were initially reported in critical condition at area hospitals.
A 19-year-old woman was reported in stable condition after she was shot early Saturday morning on I Street near East Tioga Street in the Harrowgate section of Philadelphia.
Police rushed a 49-year-old man to Temple University Hospital, where he was reported in critical condition with a gunshot wound to the stomach, following a shooting incident shorty after noon Saturday in the area of West Clearfield and North Sheridan Streets in the Fairhill section of the city.
A 26-year-old man was reported in stable condition at Temple after he was shot at about 9 p.m. Saturday in the area of 20th and Berks Streets in North Philadelphia.
Police rushed a 19-year-old man to Temple University Hospital, where he was reported in critical condition after he was shot four times on North Myrtlewood Street near West Huntingdon Street at about 10:15 Saturday night in the Strawberry Mansion section of North Philadelphia.
At about 2 a.m. Sunday, a 26-year-old man was shot twice on the 6100 block of Vine Street in West Philadelphia and rushed by medics to the University of the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, where he was reported in stable condition.
A 20-year-old man was reported in stable condition after he was shot in the abdomen inside a home on North 55th Street near Arch Street

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.256152
Retrieved Text: A MAN was taken to hospital after falling ill on top of Loughrigg Fell in the Lake District on Saturday. The Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS) was called to the scene at 2:30pm, where a man, in his late 60s, was suffering from chest pains. The doctor and paramedic team assessed the man, who was from Keighley, West Yorkshire, before he was carried down to the fell by Mountain Rescue, and taken to hospital in Lancaster by road..
A MAN was taken to hospital after falling ill on top of Loughrigg Fell in the Lake District on Saturday.
The Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS) was called to the scene at 2:30pm, where a man, in his late 60s, was suffering from chest pains.
The doctor and paramedic team assessed the man, who was from Keighley, West Yorkshire, before he was carried down to the fell by Mountain Rescue, and taken to hospital in Lancaster by road.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.251769
Retrieved Text: The area where the man was pulled from the river.
A MAN was pulled from the river Tyne by Tynemouth RNLI lifeboat in the early hours of Sunday morning after he swam across the river.
As police officers on the north bank of the Tyne shined torches onto where they thought the man was, the lifeboat crew found him clinging to a ladder near to the North Shields ferry landing. He was brought onto the boat and rushed to the lifeboat station where he was wrapped in blankets. Paramedics arrived soon after and checked the man over, and after finding he was cold but didn’t require any treatment, he was taken into custody by police officers. The RNLI aims to half coastal drownings by 2024 and information about staying safe in and around water can be found at rnli.org/respectthewater.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.228737
Retrieved Text: MEMPHIS, Tenn. — Memphis police are searching for suspects after a man was found shot at a home in the 1400 block of Brookins Street in North Memphis last night.
The man was transported to the Regional Medical Center in critical condition. There is no word on how he is doing tonight.
You can still see the crime scene tape left by police last night. This morning people who live on this street or have relatives who live here where trying to figure out what happened.
Empty bandage wrappers and other medical waste show where paramedics worked on the 32-year-old male victim last night in front of his house.
Neighbors say they don't think the man was shot in their North Memphis neighborhood. Instead, they think he may have drove there for help.
"Everyone has been calling all night thinking that something happened with my brother," said a man who lives near the scene. "Somebody got over there and drove here."
The man says that he was at his brothers house when the heard about a possible shooting. He said that he had no idea that anything happened until he saw all the blue light's outside.
The man also says that he doesn't know who the victim is or why he was shot.
"Like I said, the gunshots were someplace else. He was shot someplace else," said the man.
A man whose grandmother lives in the neighborhood came out to show her what the shooting was about.
"I come out every morning to cook breakfast for my grandmother," said the man. "Somebody up there told me

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.217599
Retrieved Text: Riddle 1: One night, a man receives a call from the Police. The Police tell the man that his wife was murdered, and that he should reach the crime scene as soon as possible. The man drops the phone, shocked, and drives 20 minutes to the crime scene. As soon as he reaches the crime scene, the police arrest him, and he is convicted of murder. How did the police know that he committed the crime?
Riddle 2: A man is found dead on a Sunday morning. His wife calls the police immediately. The police question the wife and staff. The wife said she was asleep, the cook said he was cooking breakfast, the gardener said she was picking vegetables, the butler said he was cleaning the closet, and the maid said she was getting the post. The police immediately arrested the murderer. Who was the murderer?
the maid was lying, because the "post" never comes on a Sunday, and she said she was getting the post.
selected Sep 13, 2015 by #Anime Lover!
Riddle 3: A plane is flying from the USA to Canada. The plane crashes on the border of Canada. Where were the survivors buried? USA or Canada?
they were buried on the border , if the plane had enough momentum. is that correct?
They weren't buried because they were survivors. Who would bury live people?
They weren't buried cuz theyre survivors.
usa thats were they are coming fom but if returning than canada.
For riddle one: they never told the man where the crime scene was, the only way he could

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.128175
Retrieved Text: Chicago Tribune reporter Adam Sege recaps the overnight crime stories.
A 16-year-old boy was one of three people killed in shootings Sunday on the North, West and South sides of the city.
At least six other people were injured in shootings across the city that continued into this morning.
The most recent of the three fatal shootings happened about 11 p.m. Sunday in the West Side's Lawndale neighborhood.
Two shooters opened fire on a man and a woman sitting in a vehicle in the 4000 block of West Cullerton Street, Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said, citing preliminary information.
The man, who was 35 years old, died at Mount Sinai Hospital after being shot in the back, according to police. The Cook County medical examiner's office confirmed it was notified of the death and later identified the man as Ernest J. Carter of the 4000 block of West 21st Street in Chicago.
The man's name has not been released pending notification of family.
The 37-year-old woman sitting with the man was also shot in the back, according to police. She was taken to Sinai, where she was listed in serious condition.
Earlier, in the Rogers Park neighborhood, a 22-year-old man was shot in the head at 3:43 p.m. in the 1600 block of West Jonquil Terrace, said Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Daniel O'Brien. He was identified as Blake Lamb, of the 7600 block of North Bosworth Avenue in Chicago, by the Cook County medical examiner's office.
First responders found the man unresponsive on the sidewalk, police said. He died on

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.119429
Retrieved Text: (Sun Times Wire) At least two people were killed and eight others wounded Monday in shootings across Chicago, including a man shot to death in a South Austin basement on the West Side.
The man, 26, was in the basement in the first block of North Lorel Avenue when another male opened the door and fired shots inside, police said.
The man was taken to Stroger Hospital in critical condition with gunshot wounds to his chest and neck, and was pronounced dead shortly after. The Cook County Medical Examiner’s Office has not yet confirmed the death.
In the West Pullman neighborhood on the South Side, a mother was killed in a shooting early Monday that also wounded her husband and 1-year-old son.
About 12:41 a.m., the family was in a parked vehicle in the 11700 block of South Laflin Street when someone in a dark colored sedan fired shots, Chicago police said.
Amanda Boozer-Brown, 34, was shot in the abdomen and was taken to Christ Medical Center, where she was pronounced dead, police and the Cook County medical examiner’s office said. She lived in the same block where she was shot.
Her baby was hit in the knee and taken to Comer Children’s Hospital, where his condition was stabilized, police said. The 34-year-old father was struck multiple times and taken to the University of Chicago Medical Center in critical condition. Area South detectives are investigating.
In nonfatal shootings, a man and woman were shot Monday night while sitting in a vehicle in Englewood on the South Side, police said.
About 11:53 p.m., two males

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.107096
Retrieved Text: CHICAGO (WBBM NEWSRADIO) -- A man and woman were stabbed Wednesday night during a fight in the Fulton River District.
Earlier in the day, a 36-year-old man got into a fight about money with another man. At 10:31 p.m., the man approached the 36-year-old again, stabbing him and a 37-year-old woman he was with in the 500 block of West Fulton Street, Chicago police said.
The 36-year-old was stabbed in the neck and was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital where he was in critical condition, police said.
The woman was stabbed in the head and was taken to the same hospital, where her condition stabilized, police said.
No one was in custody as Area Central detectives were investigating.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.075726
Retrieved Text: Fritz Feierabend was one of Switzerlandâs greatest athletes to never win an Olympic gold medal. He joined the Swiss national bobsledding team in 1933 and had his first major international success at the 1935 World Championships, where he won a bronze medal in the four-man alongside [Reto Capadrutt] and the non-Olympians A. Lardi and H. Tami. Feierabend and Capadrutt then travelled to the 1936 Winter Olympics where, with [Hans Aichele] and [Hans BÃ¼tikofer], they captured a silver medal in the four-man. Feierabend and [Joseph Beerli] also took silver in the two-man event. This duo then earned bronze at the 1938 World Championships, while Feierabend had his first major international victory a year later, capturing gold in the four-man at the 1939 edition alongside Beerli and the non-Olympians Heinz Cattani and Alphonse HÃ¶rning.
Feierabendâs career was interrupted by World War II, but he returned in top form at the 1947 World Championships and won both the two- (with [Stephan Waser ]) and four-man (alongside Beerli, Cattani, and HÃ¶rning) events. His next stop was the 1948 Winter Olympics, where he took silver in the two-man with [Paul Eberhard] and finished fourth in the four-man alongside [Heiri Angst], [Felix Endrich], and [Fritz Waller]. The latter event would be the only Olympic one in which Feierabend would fail to medal over his career.
At the 1949 World Championships, Feierabend and Angst earned silver in the two-man and, with Waller and [Werner Spring], bronze in the four-man. One year later Feierabend and Waser won the two-man and, alongside [Albert MadÃ¶rin] and the non-Olympian

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.075619
Retrieved Text: GARDAI in Kerry have arrested a youth after a man was found with serious head injuries this Sunday morning.
The badly injured man was discovered lying on a path near his home at St Stephens Park, Castleisland at around 5.30am .
The man, whose aged in his late 20s, was initially taken to University Hospital Kerry but was subsequently transferred to Cork University Hospital, where he is said to be in a serious condition.
“The area where the man was found is sealed off pending an examination of the scene by Garda Scenes of Crime Examiners” said a garda spokesperson.
A 19-year-old man was arrested this Sunday afternoon and is currently detained at Tralee Garda Station under the provisions of Section 4 of the Criminal Justice Act, 1984.
Gardaí are appealing for anyone with information or anyone who was in the St Stephen's Park area of Castleisland overnight to contact them at Tralee Garda Station on 066 7102300.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.068418
Retrieved Text: A 54-year-old man was killed by a van Tuesday night after he jumped out of his moving car on the Grand Central Parkway and attempted to cross the Cross Island Parkway, police said.
The man was driving east when he jumped out of his moving 2014 Mercedes-Benz, which then crashed into a median around 5:42 p.m., police said.
He then dashed across the highway and attempted to cross the Cross Island, where he was struck by a 2005 Ford van driven by a 54-year-old man heading north, police said.
The man was rushed to North Shore University Hospital where he died, police said.
Police said there was no criminality. It was not immediately clear what prompted the dead man's behavior.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.06022
Retrieved Text: “Because she hasn’t been in Super Foods lately,” said Rainy. Once the words were out of her mouth she heard Hoyte inhale sharply. She shouldn’t have told the man where she really worked. It was a rookie mistake, of course she was a rookie, she wasn’t even a rookie, she was wannabe cop or super hero or something.
The man steps out as Rainy fights the urge to step away from him. He’s big, but Hoyte comes closer, reminding her that she’s not alone.
“I’ve had enough of this. Where is Lindie?” The man lunged at Hoyte, but to Rainy’s surprise, Hoyte was faster. Hoyte grabs the man’s arm and twists it around his back. The man screams out in pain as he falls to his knees.
“Let me go man!” screams the man.
“Sam Cates,” the man grunted.
Rainy had serious doubts that Sam had only shoved Lindie and that it had only happened once, but she nodded to Hoyte to let him go.
“Does Lindie have a cell phone?” Rainy asked.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.058361
Retrieved Text: Days later, Jesus returned to Capernaum for more teaching. The crowds discovered the house where Jesus was staying.
The crowds trying to get into the house were so great that there was no room for anyone to even squeeze through a door. Jesus was teaching them the word of God. Pharisees and doctors of the law had come from every village of Galilee, Judea and Jerusalem.
Jesus was displaying the Lord’s power as healed people of all sorts of sickness and disease.
Four men carried a man in a bed who was paralyzed, but they could not reach Jesus because of the crowds.
So they carried the man up the stairs to the rooftop where they uncovered the roof tiles and let the man down through the hole in the roof. They let him down right in the middle of the crowd where Jesus was teaching and healing.
Man, be of good cheer, your sins are forgiven.
How can he say something like this? He is a blasphemer. Who is this person speaking blasphemies? Who can forgive sins? Only God can forgive a man’s sins.
The man immediately stood up and took his bed and walked in front of everyone. He left for his house, glorifying God. Everyone was amazed, and when the crowd saw what had happened, they were afraid.
They were filled with excitement and began glorifying God who had given such authority to a man.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.042093
Retrieved Text: A man was shot in the head Saturday night, and that's where the questions start.
An unnamed man was drinking a beer on the Firehouse Bar and Grill's patio in Davenport Saturday evening, just before 9:30. Witnesses said a vehicle passed by when they heard a pop and smelled gunpowder when the man was injured.
When police got to Firehouse, 2006 Hickory Grove Road, the injured man was talking with medical personnel. He was taken by ambulance to a local hospital, with unknown injuries.
An item, described as a "projectile," was found on the patio. Here's where this story gets really strange. Police reported it was not a bullet, nor were there shell casings found.
The Davenport Police Department continues to investigate. Any ideas what this could have been?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.028224
Retrieved Text: The newspaper delivery person who collects money every month came over my home.
His name is Masa. After he collected the money from me, he started to tell a story. One day his coworker saw a old man in front of the elevater in this apartment. It was storm early morning on October. His coworker felt a little scared . So he asked to the old man "Where are you going?"
The old man answered "6th please." And the old man got off the elevater on 6th. Our apartment has seven floors. He delivered the newspaper from 7th. He came down the stairs immediately.
But he coluldn't find the old man. There are no old man on the 6th where we live. He looked for the old man on every floor. When he was on the first floor he checked the elevator's panel.
The elevater stopped on the 6th. When he lifted down the elevater , a small area got wet like in the swape oh a person's silhuette. While I was listening this story,I thought this old man was my dead father . Masa thought so too. Because the old man had a hat and a jacket. My father look liked like this.
Masa said my father might come over to my home. If it was true, I have met my father.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.014509
Retrieved Text: The Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS) was called to Pelton, County Durham, at 1pm on Saturday, where a man had come off his mountain bike on a steep hill. The man, believed to be in his 50s, sustained a neck injury.
The Great North Air Ambulance Service (GNAAS) was called to Pelton, County Durham, at 1pm on Saturday, where a man had come off his mountain bike on a steep hill.
The man, believed to be in his 50s, sustained a neck injury. The GNAAS doctor-led team assisted NEAS and HART paramedics in extricating the patient before he was taken to hospital by road.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.012157
Retrieved Text: Love the Spider-Man movies. The Spider-Man part 1 & 2 with Tobey McGuire was cool. The Amazing Spider-Man was ok.
They had all the villians- Green Goblin (Spider-Man 1), Dr. Octopus (Spider-Man 2), Venom, Sandman and Green Goblin Jr (from Spider-Man 3 which were complicated). The Lizard (Amazing Spider-Man], Electro (Amazing Spider-Man 2). But one villain was missing-The Vulture. Where was the Vulture?!
I really got into Spider-Man because I never had any friends at school-I was always the sitting in the corner kind of person. I grew up not having enough money. And I'm kind of like a nerd in a way-but I like being a nerd.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.994271
Retrieved Text: An unidentified man was shot and killed by police officers late on Tuesday night.
Police said the man who is a resident of Carapichaima fired at officers who were looking for him.
The incident occurred at Lion Drive, Orangefield Road, Carapichaima. The wounded man was taken to the Chaguanas Health Facility where he died.
An officer who was also injured was taken to the Eric Williams Medical Sciences Complex where he is being treated.
An autopsy is expected to be conducted on the dead man’s body later today.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.992973
Retrieved Text: Police investigate what they said was an attempted robery turned fatal in the 900 block of West Oakdale in the Lakeview neighborhood. Kevin O. O'Malley was found unresponsive with gunshot wounds to the chest about 2 a.m. Saturday, police said.
2 dead, at least 17 hurt in Chicago shootings since Friday afternoon.
Three men were killed -- one in Lakeview, another in South Shore and a third in Little Village -- and at least 16 people have been wounded in separate shootings since Friday afternoon, police said.
Kevin O. O'Malley of Palos Park was shot to death around 2 a.m. Saturday in the Lakeview neighborhood on the North Side, police said. Authorities were questioning a person of interest in the homicide.
Police found O'Malley, 25, lying unresponsive on a sidewalk underneath the CTA Brown Line train tracks in the 900 block of West Oakdale Avenue. He had two gunshot wounds to the chest.
O'Malley was apparently shot during an attempted armed robbery, police said. The attacker fled northbound.
At the scene, police officers blocked off about a block of the one-way Oakdale Avenue east of Sheffield with yellow and red police tape.
Officers used flashlights to examine the man's body, which was on a stretch of grass between the sidewalk and road.
A CTA train periodically zoomed through above the crime scene, drowning out the sounds of passing cars on Sheffield and the chatter of nearby officers.
Some people walking home from a night of partying stopped near the scene. One passerby was shocked to learn about the fatal shooting, which happened about a block

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.983789
Retrieved Text: An shooting early Sunday morning in South Los Angeles left a woman dead and a man wounded.
The incident took place at about 1 a.m. at 111th and Main streets outside a home where a party was being held, LAPD officials said. The woman died at the scene. The man was shot in the buttocks and the arm and was taken to a hospital, where he was listed in stable condition.
The victims, whose names have not been released, were in their early 20s. Police had no description of the suspect or suspects and said the wounded man was not talking to investigators.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.97846
Retrieved Text: The 32-year-old man was using spray paint in a closed garage where a stove was burning.
EASTON — A man using spray paint inside his garage suffered significant burn injuries Thursday evening when the fumes ignited.
Fire Chief Kevin Partridge said a 32-year-old man suffered serious burns to his hands, face and neck as a result of the incident.
Partridge said the man was spray-painting a snowblower inside an enclosed garage where there was also a wood-burning stove going at the time. The paint fumes ignited and burned the victim, he said.
The victim was taken by an Easton ambulance to Boston Medical Center. His condition wasn't immediately available Friday morning.
The fire chief reminded residents to always use caution when using indoor fireplaces and wood stoves.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.970831
Retrieved Text: The article said the man was sent to Iraq by the gangs, where he was captured and sentenced to death in a court. The man was cited as living in the Arbon town of the Thurgau Canton where Turkish state efforts for mosques are more intense….
According to the artcile [sic], the man was libing [sic] in Arbon in the Thurgau Canton when he met a gang recruiter named Alperen A. and started to frequent the Rorschach Mosque under the Turkish Religious Affairs Foundation and decided to join ISIS there….

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.955838
Retrieved Text: 1997 Release Islay Single Malt Whisky. 70cl, 40% vol. Level in base of the neck, bottle and tin in good condition.
Legend has it, that long ago in the village of Bowmore, on the Island of Islay, lived an illicit distiller called Donnachie Mhor. He was loved for his good humoured pranks but loathed by the Customs man for his illegal whisky production. Donnachie’s infamous whisky still was old and leaking. Being a poor man he could not afford to replace it but devised a cunning plan. He carried the old still to the nearby peat moor, where it was buried and the spot marked with a sheep’s skull. Some weeks later he met the Customs man in the local Inn. In conversation, Donnachie explained that he had turned over a new leaf and his days of illicit whisky making were gone forever. The Customs man was pleased but suspicious, so to prove his new character, Donnachie volunteered to take the Customs man to where he knew an illegal still was hidden. At midnight they set out across the peat moor. After much searching they found a sheep’s skull and Donnachie suggested they start digging. As they dug through the soft peat they struck the copper still. The Customs man, delighted with such a find, proudly carried the still back to Bowmore village where he and Donnachie enjoyed a few drams of the Bowmore Malt in celebration. Donnachie was given a handsome reward for reporting the illegal still. The reward enabled Donnachie to purchase a brand new

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.954521
Retrieved Text: A man is in hospital after he was stabbed in the stomach.
Emergency services were called to Draper&apos;s Lane in Hedon in the early hours of Wednesday morning following reports a man had been injured in an assault.
The 27-year-old man was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary where he received stitches for his injury.
Police are currently carrying out house-to-house enquiries to establish what happened.
A Humberside Police spokesman said: "We are investigating reports after a man sustained an injury to his stomach in an assault in Draper’s Lane in Hedon in the early hours of today.
"We received a call from the ambulance service at 1.17 am today stating the man had allegedly been injured in an assault by another man and our enquiries commenced straight away.
"The 27-year-old injured man was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary where he received stitches to his injury.
"A number of lines of enquiry are underway to establish the circumstances leading to the man sustaining the injury, including house to house enquiries and local area searches."
Anyone with information can call Humberside Police on 101 quoting log number 29 of November 1.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.896204
Retrieved Text: The Boston Police Department reports a man shot around 1:06 a.m., Friday, on Southern Avenue was taken to Boston Medical Center, where he died.
A Mattapan man who allegedly stabbed his nephew inside the Mattapan House of Pizza Tuesday night will be charged with murder now that his relative has died, the Boston Police Department and the Suffolk County District Attorney's office report.
A Dorchester man was charged with stabbing his elderly downstairs neighbor to death early this morning.
Keisha Gilmore, 25, was found with a gunshot wound to the head in a car outside 26 Alabama St. around 9 p.m. on Sunday. She was rushed to a local hospital, but died, Boston Police report.
A man in his 20s was fatally shot Saturday afternoon at 23 Trull St., the Boston Police Department reports.
Police say the man was found inside the house and was taken to Boston Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.
The Boston Police Department reports Rosanna Camilo, 34, was murdered in her apartment at 50 Fairlawn Ave. Her body was discovered around 3 p.m., Monday - as was her 1-year-old son, who was unharmed.
Boston Police report their bodies were found inside 50 Harlem St. Monday morning. No further details were available.

================



======= Instance Index 16279 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Patrick and I had a whipped cream fight in the kitchen which Danny wisely avoided . He and Pat get along really well , which is nice , and he and Jason were talking about music the other day , which is horrifying . I ' m just glad my whole family likes him .
Question: Why was it going on ?
Options: 
- to waste the item
 - None of the above choices .
 - They were having fun
 - they liked spraying

Target Text: They were having fun

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.608352
Retrieved Text: Even a sloth would eventually crack a smile at these funny sloth jokes!
Sloths are one of our favourite animals, and you should love them too! Here's our collection of the funniest sloth jokes.
When you're done here, check our our other animal jokes. Don't miss our funny horse jokes and our best bear jokes!
Why did the sloth neigh?Why did the sloth neigh?
It was learning a new language!It was learning a new language!
What happened when the sloth ate a watch?What happened when the sloth ate a watch?
It was very time-consuming!It was very time-consuming!
Why didn't the sloth go extinct?Why didn't the sloth go extinct?
They didn't plan on going anywhere!They didn't plan on going anywhere!
What do sloths make when it snows?What do sloths make when it snows?
What did the grape say when the sloth stood on it?What did the grape say when the sloth stood on it?
Nothing, it just let out a little wine!Nothing, it just let out a little wine!
What do sloths like to read?What do sloths like to read?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.600434
Retrieved Text: One of the driving forces of me making the decision to finally run a full was the faith and belief my family and friends have in me. For the last year, I’ve heard so many say that I should do it, I could do it, but from me, there was always a reason as to why I couldn’t. Lately, I’ve been thinking a lot about those so-called reasons, those excuses. The excuses people give as to why they are not healthy, why they aren’t active, why they don’t have a goal for themselves. That drives me bonkers and yet, here I was, doing the same thing!!! Some of you may hate me for saying that, saying those are excuses. Here is how I see it and why I say they are just excuses.
For years I had ‘reasons’ (excuses) why I couldn’t run and be active whether it was my academics, job, social life, dating, a child, etc. I remember clearly, when I was pregnant with my son thinking, “My life is so busy now, how can I fit a child into my life?” and then fast forward to a year into my son’s life, I found myself thinking, “How could I have possibly thought I was busy back then?! I had no responsibilities! I had so much free time!” That was when I realized, they were all excuses framed in the guise of problems, responsibilities, priorities and things holding me back. The only thing holding me back was……..ME. It simply was me, choosing what I would

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.539049
Retrieved Text: When Was The Last Time you Received a Speeding Ticket?
Know One one likes getting a ticket, a police officer pulled me over a couple of months ago for going 70 mph in a 60 mph zone. The police officer was amiable and wrote that I was only going 65 mph on the ticket.
My cruise control was broken, and my engine light had been on for a few weeks, but I didn't take it in to get it fixed. Hindsight is 20 20.
So, as I was waiting to get my ticket from the officer, he says " your engine is smoking, but you should be able to make it home." I made it home, and took my car in the next day it was the radiator going out, and that's why my cruise control wasn't working. Everything is working correctly and hopefully no tickets.
Here's what you had to say about getting a ticket and why.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.448515
Retrieved Text: If you have been following the news lately, Verizon recently made an announcement that sent many of their loyal customers into a frenzy, ready to jump ship for another wireless plan. They have clarified and retracted the announcement, but that misstep created a windfall for their competitors. As it unfolded I am sure senior management was left asking themselves how could something like this happen? Why? Why? Why?
The really contentious stuff seems to always fall in around money – for Verizon it was a change in how they plan to bill their customers and charge for data being downloaded. In the summer of 2011, Netflix announced a change in the way they were billing their clients and it nearly sank the company (regardless of the intention, most customers viewed it as a 50% plus increase in their service costs). At the time, Netflix stock was trading near $300/share, by the time their CEO publicly apologized a few months later it was about 50% of that. One year later, the stock value is over 75% lower than the value prior to the announcement. Ouch!
So how does all this play into your business? You may not be a publicly traded business, but many of the challenges you face are more similar than you might think. At the end of the day you are faced with making decisions about pricing for a product or service and why (or why not) the profit margins are where you need them to be. Is the product even profitable at all? If not,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.443215
Retrieved Text: Have you ever seen that white stuff that hangs on the wall in people’s litter boxes…I mean bathrooms. You know, the big white ball that humans call Foilet…Boilit…Toilet Paper!…that’s it, they call it Toilet Paper.
I was doing my usual morning patrol of the house, making sure everything was secure, when all of a sudden I see this white ball stuck on the wall waving at me! I leaped on top of the white chair and gave it a talking to….
Excuse me, but who put you there?
Don’t you wave me off, I’m not going anywhere until you tell me who you are and why you’re hear.
Now it just sat there.
So, are you going tell me why you’re hear?!?
Listen here…you..you…well I don’t really know who or what you are, but you are going to tell me why you are hanging on the wall!
Then all of a sudden there was a noise and it launched at my face!
I leaped off the white chair and grabbed the Foilet…Toilet Paper and brought it to the ground.
If you are going to attack me, I will get you! NO one attacks me or any other person in this house!
OK Toilet Paper, my person is calling me, but I’ll be back.
I looked at the Toilet Paper laying there on the floor acting like it was dead.
Very smooth Toilet Paper…very smooth…I’m onto you….you heard my person, I’ll deal with you when we get home.
Previous Post New Day For Posts!!!

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.433722
Retrieved Text: The story concept is what pulled me towards this book – surrealistic teens dealing with real life traumas. There is so much praise for this book but I have to say that it was simply not for me. I felt myself wanting to DNF this book many, many times but I pushed through.
This book made absolutely no sense to me. I tried very hard to pay attention to each of the teenagers to try to figure out what each was going through, such as what caused their trauma and why they are dealing the way they are. Alas, I failed. I felt there needed to be some sort of appendix at the end of the book to explain what it all meant. I have yet to figure out why there was an invisible helicopter and why nobody called the police on the flasher in the bushes. In addition, it did not feel like four separate teenagers, it felt like one person with a personality disorder.
Overall, the story was “meh” and I will not understand why people are going crazy over this. I could not connect to any character because I truly did not know what was going on with them. The only emotion I felt was frustration for how detached the parents were from their children. The parents showed no connection to their children at all. The ending left me unsatisfied and even more confused.
Have you read this? What did you think? Link your review in the comments!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.433128
Retrieved Text: why are gpr hulls so expensive now?
Thread: why are gpr hulls so expensive now?
well im looking to do a little project boat and looking for a hull and a few months ago they were going for 800-1000 now there all going for like 1500 and have almost nothing in them. was it cuase it was winter am i better off waiting a few months?
Bingo, and the GPR is the hull of choice.
so you guys think the price will go up or down over the next few months. i want to put a fx160 engine in a gpr hull.
It'd be like the Callaway Corvettes!
would they put a warranty on it even though it's not coming exactly from a factory?
Why are PWC intercoolers so expensive?
Why are stable hulls considered a positive?
Why are the GPR hulls so popular?
Why are parts for DI so expensive?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.404563
Retrieved Text: Old Mr. Tortoise was very old indeed. As he crawled once more upon the small white pebbles that covered the garden path, it now occurred to him that he had little idea of where he was going, and even less idea of why.
But did it matter? Above a single cloud floated by. It was a pleasant day. He let his four stout legs keep going, step, step, step, step, as they had before.
Still, after a while, he started to wonder if, somehow, it might matter after all. He wasn’t sure. He stopped to think.
Soon nothing mattered, ever again.
Tortoise was old, and it now occurred to him that he had little idea of where he was going, and even less of why. But did it matter? It was a pleasant day for a walk.
…Or maybe it did matter. He stopped to think.
Soon nothing mattered at all.
Old Tortoise now realized he didn’t know where he was going, or why. Did it matter? He stopped his walk to think.
An old tortoise got lost, stopped to ? why, and died clueless.
Old Tortoise just seized up & died.
Philosopher, poet, and small-time humorist, The Rt. Rev., Professor, Dr.Art Bupkis, is a literary ward of L. R. Baxter, a professor at the University of Florida.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.374225
Retrieved Text: Draft Dodger Donald J. Trump has apparently asked the Iraqi Prime Minister to repay the United States for their war efforts twice in his short two year career as President. Marine and Secretary of Defense General James “Mad Dog” Mattis had to be the one who told Trump that demanding oil from Iraq was a violation of international law.
I like to imagine that every time Trump says something his cabinet has to play the nose game to decide which one is going to tell the President that the government doesn’t work that way. Or maybe they have a rotating schedule, last week it was Mattis’s turn to explain to Trump what the president does next week it’s Ben Carson’s turn.
Then in 2017 he was reported to have said to Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi “So what about that oil?”. To which that Prime minister obviously replied with something along the lines of “what do you mean by that” to which Trump responded “Well, we did a lot, we did a lot over there, we spent trillions over there, and a lot of people have been talking about the oil.”. As stated earlier it was explained to Trump that was against the rules of war.
But that wasn’t going to stop our President, because a few months later he asked the Prime Minister again in a phone call! Trump was then told that asking Iraq for oil was “very bad”, because “a violation of international law” have far too many syllables.
So there’s a lot of obvious questions that

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.348315
Retrieved Text: as i was going through my regular morning routine, i realized that for the first time in a long time, i wasn't going away this memorial day weekend. as a child, memorial day weekend meant a definite getaway whether it was camping or visiting some new random city. i hated those trips. honestly, i did. while my dad did let us play hookie and skip out on going to school on friday, it also meant waking up at around 5:30am to get ready and be out on the road by 6am. my dad always wanted to beat the morning rush. my mom usually woke up around 5 and got a box full of goodies ready. i'd drag myself and complain to my mom on why dad always wanted to go away, why can't we just stay home? why did we have to see cleveland? why did we have to spend hours driving aimlessly and only stop when we were scheduled to?
why was i not able to appreciate what my parents were doing for me back then? i can't believe i didn't say thank you for driving umpteen hours. i can't believe i can say i've been to almost every major city from toronto and the way down the florida keys. i can't believe how ungrateful i was... and i'm sorry. nowadays, i love being able to say yup, i've been there and i now love traveling and am quite good at it. filling out immigration forms to me are a breeze and being in a land

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.323507
Retrieved Text: What will it take to stop a mad man from destroying the world in which he lives?
I don't know why Grimace was in this. That's him, right? Honestly, it wasn't that short. I was truly amazed at how weird this was. I don't know what it had to do with a snow globe. I guess it was at least unique.
I can appreciate that. It just had little going on. The animation could have been better. You have made better things. Well, this was something at least.
I really like this review and I agree, it could have been better, which is why I'm doing a "Remaster". Originally I made this in less than a week I think, which is why it seems a little cheap.
I'm going to add a few more scenes, spiff up the graphics and animation and maybe some other stuff. When I finish I will upload it to newgrounds as well as youtube.
:D! Nice to hear from you! Hope you're doing well. Been working on anything?
sooo... grimace from mcdonalds finally got over being 'special' and went balls to the wall mad scientist?
hahaha ya, why grimace? I'm not sure, I think it's funny seeing him in strange situations I guess.
Good stuff. I liked it.
Something fun for Thanksgiving, courtesy ToxicBomb!

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.284334
Retrieved Text: There are times in life when I have said God I just don't understand what you are doing. I've looked at situations and thought that's just not fair.
I remember when my mum was very ill not long before she died and her brother came to visit. He said why you? What he meant was hey why is God allowing this to happen to you? You have been faithful to God. I could understand him doing this to me but why you? Her answer was a question, Why not?
I thought it was a great answer of trust and faith. So often we try to answer the question why. That's much of what the question of the book of Job is all about trying to answer the question why. It seems however at this stage that trying to answer this question was leading Job in a downward spiral. His conversations with his friends and own thought process brought him to a difficult place with a warped view of God.
v17 As it is, he knocks me about from pillar to post, beating me up, black and blue, for no good reason.
At some point in our lives I am sure we are going to be faced with the question why and we will just not understand what is going on. At that time we must remember the character and nature of God and trust Him to be with us through it even if we don't understand the why.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.26447
Retrieved Text: Senator Lindsey Graham joined Maria Bartiromo on Sunday Morning Futures this week to discuss the ongoing Kavanaugh confirmation process.
Sen. Lindsey Graham: Here’s what’s going to happen. I’m going to ask Senator Grassley to get to the bottom of how this hearing process was so hijacked, the unethical aspects of it. The slash and burn aspects of it, the effort to delay it, to abuse, I think, Dr. Ford’s trust. So, let me tell you. We’re going to start with the following concept. Dr. Ford said at the hearing that she did not know that the committee was willing to come to California to take her testimony in a private setting… So I’m going to find out why she did not know her options. I’m going to find out who in Feinstein’s staff recommended Katz to be Dr. Ford’s lawyer. It’s improper for senators to recommend lawyers to constituents. I’m going to ask if she thought she needed a lawyer as a staff member why didn’t you come forth to tell the committee about the allegation.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.243132
Retrieved Text: "No, you keep it," I told students, as they tried to hand me their papers at the end of class. "Why did I do it if you're not even going to collect it? What kind of teacher are you?" students replied, before balling up their papers and throwing them on the floor.
Did I appreciate students responding like this? No, but I did appreciate why they responded like this. It was early in the year, and they'd been conditioned for years to see it as a teacher's duty to collect every assignment. There was no incentive for students to lift a finger unless they knew an assignment was going to be collected.
To give them feedback that will help improve their understanding.
Design tests and other graded activities so that earnest effort on class work (and homework if you assign it) ensures success/improvement on those graded activities.
Assign grades for class work (and homework) based on effort rather than accuracy.
Just a couple of ways to establish why students should lift a finger even when they aren't being graded: it'll lift their performance when they are being graded.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.227584
Retrieved Text: Meet The Toad aka Alan Wolk, the man behind the long running and previously anonymous ad blog, The Toad Stool. That's right kiddos! He's out of the adblog closet and ready to talk shop. Grab your lunch and settle in. Alan is going to take us through why he was anonymous; what his agency, DraftFCB thought about his blogging, as well as his take on what role and how social media plays out in the ad biz. Enjoy!
1. You've been penning your blog, The Toad Stool, anonymously since December 2006. Why did you originally seek out anonymity and why now, have you discarded it?
When I started the blog, it was really just as an experiment, to familiarize myself with the space. I didn't think anyone other than the three or four friends I'd told would actually read it. I also didn't know where I was going with it, and so a pseudonym seemed like a good idea.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 11.223161
Retrieved Text: You know, sometimes you read an article, and you scratch your head and say "huh?".
That was what happened to me and I had to research it further.
The story that I read on the BBC a while back was about a woman in England who is knitting a sweater for a rubber chicken that gets sent up into space every time the Solar Dynamics Observatory is launched by NASA. Nice to have a dear Gran there to knit you a sweater even if you are sent to space in the name of Science.
It was never really explained why this chicken, named Camilla, was sent up there.
Having had my nose in web pages I assumed it was all about making sure the colors are calibrated and brushed it off.
After a bit, I reread the posting and thought that it really didn't explain why we were sending a rubber chicken up into the stratosphere and beyond.
Heading to a search engine, I dutifully followed through and learned the story.
It's a Mascot whose chief duty is Public Relations.
Now it is all clear, and that's great. After all why wouldn't a mascot be a Rubber Chicken? In Philadelphia, the Phillies use an Aardvark for their mascot, and a green one at that. Aardvarks are not green, nor do they live anywhere near Philadelphia, PA. Typically, Aardvarks are from Africa, although knowing the Philadelphia Zoo, I suspect one or more lives there near the train tracks in West Philly.
Why not take a flight of fancy with a rubber chicken?
Now, of course if you're

########
Rank: 16
Score: 11.216992
Retrieved Text: The bane of any movement is the free rider problem. Think of it this way. If I knew you and everyone else in the world was going to raise money for cancer research and find the answers …why would I donate? Once you create the cure for cancer, I’m still going to be able to get access to it. Why wouldn’t I let you do all the work while I can still get all the benefit … and that’s the free rider problem.
Why should I conserve energy, if everyone else is doing it. The amount I can save isn’t going to make a difference. In any situation where I can still get the results, why should I spend any time, energy or resources finding the solution if everyone else is working on the solution?
Highlight the time sensitivity of your movement. If I donate to cancer research we are going to get the answers faster … which will save more lives.
Acknowledge the situation and point out the fact that if everybody waits nothing will get done.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 11.192593
Retrieved Text: Gonna have to invest in 16s lol!
Dude was seriously doing burnouts in gas stations when it was busy....?!?!
Anyhow, look forward to going to some Meets you guys plan!
Does Anyone Know If There Is Going To Be A Meet And Autocross Event At Aland Like There Was Last Year?
I heard from an excellent source that there is an autoX event on the 24th this month at adventureland.
This is true. Lol. That's why I didn't know if there was a get down that was going to be scheduled. The turn out last year was excellent.
So is this autox still going on? Last I saw it was supposed to snow pretty good tomorrow into the evening.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 11.184434
Retrieved Text: I then needed to attach them to the headband and concluded that red yarn (representing Ariel’s red hair) would be great as a wrap-around. When I was done, I was pretty pleased. I sewed the ears on and…hmm, not sure I was getting the look I was going for. I put them on. Yikes!
They looked huge on my head and they looked more ‘Maleficent’ than ‘Ariel’. And it wasn’t even a good Maleficent so I couldn’t claim that’s what I was going for. My son came in my room to ask me for something and I asked him what he thought they were. “An elf thing? Some kind of Christmas thing?” Ok, fail. Obviously red, green and purple screamed Christmas and not mermaid. I told him what it was supposed to be and was he all, oh, ok, if you say so. I set the ears aside to think about what I was going to do with them.
A few days later, my hubby was in the room and I put them on and asked him what he thought they were. “Shrimp? But why make a headband with shrimp on it?” Faaaiiiillll! He, in turn, asked me what it was supposed to be. So I told him. And that’s when he fell on the floor laughing hysterically. He was laughing so hard he couldn’t breathe. I didn’t know if I should be utterly offended or amused but his hysterical laughter so was contagious, I couldn’t help myself and I started laughing too. I laughed so hard, my

########
Rank: 19
Score: 11.164086
Retrieved Text: Some of us are going to miss Israel after it is gone just for the loss of all the conspiracies.
Why would a rational person after a long period of imprisonment kill himself just before going to trial or obtaining a successful plea bargain?
there is a particular treason in fraudulently obtaining passports from 'clean' countries for the Mossad to use in black-ops.
"Amid mounting speculation over the bizarre circumstances surrounding Ben Zygier’s apparent suicide in 2010 inside the suicide-proof cell purpose-built for Yigal Amir, the management committee of the Executive Council of Australian Jewry decided this week to decline to comment publicly on the case.
One senior Jewish leader, speaking on condition of anonymity, told Haaretz: “It’s the dual loyalty issue, that’s the last thing we want to come up. That’s what we are very concerned about."
He added: "If the media start asking why are Jews going to other countries and fighting for them or joining their spy agencies – that’s why we want to keep at arms' length.""
It would be much worse for World Jewry if Zygier wasn't Mossad, and wasn't involved in wild spy capers, but was just a civilian who had done bad things for the Jewish supremacist collective and was going to reveal the details.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 11.157611
Retrieved Text: Millennium Falcon Backyard Fort: Why Didn'T I have One When I was a Kid?
Millennium Falcon Backyard Fort: Why Didn’T I have One When I was a Kid?
I don’t know why I didn’t have one when I was growing up, but the kid who’s going to get this is pretty lucky. Then again, do 9 year-olds know what the Millennium Falcon is?
This bigger-than-a-car Millennium Falcon kids’ fort even includes solar-powered LED lights positioned inside and outside the “ship”. Brandon from Little Mountain Productions helped build this amazing backyard play fort for 9-year old Christian. It was part of a Make-A-Wish Foundation wish granting. It’s going to be delivered to Christian so that he can live out his Star Wars fantasies in his own backyard.
All in all, I have to say that it looks amazing. I hope that Christian plays his heart out on this Millennium Falcon and beats Han’s Kessel Run record.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 11.155086
Retrieved Text: Hi guys! Claire here, I decided to do a new Getting To Know Me article.
My name is Claire and I am 15 years old. I'll be in 9th grade soon, a bit nervous about going to high school.
I got to see the new Marvel movie Guardians Of The Galaxy, and it's awesome. I highly recommend it, such a fun movie to watch.
I watched Rapunzel – Neu verföhnt recently and I forgot how much I loved that movie.
I Liebe horses, dogs, owls, turtles, and cats. I have a weird obsession with owls and turtles don't know why but I do. I even own a dog named Molly who's an English Spinger Spaniel.
My Favorit Disney movie is Treasure Planet, it was one of my Favorit Filme from when I was a kid and it still is. My Favorit non Disney movie is surprisingly The schwan Princess: Mystery Of The Verzaubert Kingdom. I don't know why but it's a good movie with catchy songs.
I'll be going to a horse camp on Sunday so I'm not going to be on Weiter week.
Guardians Of The Galaxy is a great Marvel movie!
High school starts at eight grade in Australia which is something different between where we live.
Nice job! I'm seeing GOTG on Sunday, good to know have something to look forward too!
GOTG was awesome and fun, I wanna see it again.
Facebook | Why do none onf the Disney princesses have mothers?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 11.147214
Retrieved Text: Several years ago, after more drama than I ever thought I would live, it was brought to my attention that I was suffering with PTSD. I was also informed that it was several decades that I had been going through it and all the weird stuff I did was part and parcel of just what life with PTSD was like.
It explained why I prefer to sleep on a couch than in a bed. It explained why I had to have the tv on just to fall asleep. It explained why I sleep better when Sam Waterston portraying Jack McCoy fought for justice overnight on Law & Order. I have a dvr and tape it so that I can watch it all night long. I say watch – I sleep to it. Very soundly.
Was I born to Sadness?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 11.140481
Retrieved Text: I was going to post something yesterday because I wanted to talk about the Grammys but I didn't get home until late and then I never got online and I have completely forgot what I was going to rant about. It was something about how no one who is expected to win ever seems to win anymore but I had something much more eloquent thought out when I was driving to work yesterday.
Instead of yelling at him for spilling coffee, why don't suggest he shove a napkin in his collar to help absorb the coffee or how about you get a Tide stain remover pen or have Brutus take off that shirt and immediately throw it in the laundry or try to clean it up with water? Why are you even getting mad at him? Sure, he's spilling coffee on his white shirt but you're the one that doesn't seem to know what to do to get a coffee stain out of a shirt.
That's not how splitting a check works.
Why even ask? Just pay for what you ordered. If you split something, then each of you pay half for it. God, why am I the only one who knows how things work in this comic strip?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 11.138501
Retrieved Text: Ah yes. The iPad has come. I seriously thought the internet was going to crash just covering it’s announcement and release. So what is it? A tablet computer, a giant iPod touch, or a plate to make fresh salsa? A little of all those really.
When it was originally theorized that Apple was making a tablet computer , most mockups showed a tablet computer running the Mac OS X. In January when it was finally announced, and that it would be running the iPhone OS, and the reception was chaotic at best. Why would they release a giant iPhone? Doesn’t Apple know that people want to run Photoshop on a touch interface? I want to word process on it too!
Hype soon took over regarding how this was the future. This was computing going forward. I think that statement can be misleading. We aren’t going to abandon the keyboard and mouse anytime soon. Not when we’re working. But we will when we are consuming. The internet has so much media… and we must consume it all! This is the gap the iPad fills.
Surprisingly, a good number of people who have laptops uses them most of the time just to surf the web. Why do that on something that only has 2 hours of battery, a full keyboard, and a crappy trackpad (unless you’re on a MacBook). You could have 10 hours of battery life, something easy to hold, and very small and portable.
It’s a media consumption device at it’s best. You aren’t going to use this to write

########
Rank: 25
Score: 11.111213
Retrieved Text: Heard this story from my doctor the other day. In the early part of the 20th century, cows were unexplainably bleeding to death in Wisconsin. It turns out they were eating mouldy sweet clover, and that was causing the hemorrhaging. In the 1930s, researchers at the University of Wisconsin isolated the agent in the mouldy clover that was responsible for the bleeding. Warfarin was the result (better known under its brand name Coumadin). The WARF in warfarin stands for the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation, the University of Wisconsin organization that makes gazillions of dollars from warfarin.
The first use of warfarin was as rodent pesticide. It was used to kill rats.
After an army recruit tried to commit suicide by ingesting large amounts of rat poison in the early 1950s and survived, warfarin was tested as a therapeutic anticoagulant, and approved in 1954 for that use in humans. President Eisenhower was one of the earliest recipients of the drug, after a heart attack.
This is the view from flat on my back in a park here in Houston. Just relaxing. CT scans and bloodwork were clear, no cancer. I haven't felt this good in a long, long time. It's an unfamiliar sensation. I'm going to rest here for a while and soak it in. Details later.
I am grateful that this place exists, and that I found it.
I'm also grateful for my awesome St. Helens Saints rugby jersey I'm wearing today, it was a gift from my kids. Retired Saints rugby star Steve Prescott is a UK-based PMP survivor and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 11.103624
Retrieved Text: Hey guys, welcome back! We’re half-way through another week! We can do it! Go us! Yay!
Well I’m going to try to change that today.
I’ve been spending a lot of time going and finding prompts, reading short stories, music and stories in general just to find inspiration. And I found some.
Agatha hated going to school. Every morning her mother had to argue with Agatha until she finally gave up and went to school. “Aggie, why do you hate going to school so much? Why do we have to do this every single morning,” Agatha’s mom, Susan asked.
“The kids are awful, Mom. Why can’t I just stay home and do online school? It’s just high school, I’ll go to college and even live there if you want! Just please don’t make me keep going,” Agatha said.
“What’s going on at school? Is Violet picking on you again? Do you want me to talk to someone? The principal, you counselor, anyone? You can’t just stop going, sweetie,” Susan said.
“No. Don’t call anyone. I don’t want to talk about it anymore. You just don’t understand. See you after school,” Agatha said as she grabbed her backpack and keys and headed for the door.
Before she could have heard a response from her mother, Agatha was out the door and in her car. She was quick to start it and back out of the driveway so she could get her day started. The sooner the day started the sooner it ended, she thought. Agatha stopped at a house a couple blocks from her

########
Rank: 27
Score: 11.089367
Retrieved Text: why not sell tickets on a weekend??
yes it was cold and boring waiting in line but it was on a saturday and i was not at work. So why do concerts tickets now always go on sale during the week when most people are at work or collage??
next week i'll be worrying about if i can time my lunch break to go and use the internet or maybe even have to come into late to work, just to make sure that i don't miss out.
why not go back to the weekend or what about tickets going on sale in the evening.
is anyone else having to make special arrangements to get tickets due to work??
Re: why not sell tickets on a weekend??

########
Rank: 28
Score: 11.089112
Retrieved Text: You may not know that I’ve just come back from Thailand. Why didn’t I tell you this? Why was my Instagram account not flooded with beach images and me doing a yoga backbend on the shoreline as the sun sets?
Why? I was caught up in my thinking about Gratitude.
I knew that as I was experiencing 40 degree heat, Europe was struggling to lift itself out of Winter/Spring. Any beautiful sun filled photographs would surely rub it in.
I was afraid. I was afraid to upset people. I was afraid to remind them of their lack of sun in comparison to my over abundance of the hot stuff.
As it turns out, people wanted to see the beach, the sea and endless blue skies. Where are the photos Tammy? Where are the bare feet in the sand? Why are you hiding?
I am learning all the time about Gratitude. I am learning not to limit myself, to turn down the light of my experience. I was overflowing with gratitude in Thailand: the beach was gorgeous, the sea was perfect and the sky was blue (and the cocktails flowed!).
In the future, if I am grateful, if I am happy, I am not going to turn the volume down on my experience through fear of offending or upsetting anyone. It is OK to be happy! I cannot predict what thinking people are going to have about me: it is none of my business. My only job is to show up in the world 100%.
Are you afraid that if you sound grateful, it

########
Rank: 29
Score: 11.083113
Retrieved Text: The Inconsistent Nomad: Why did I go to Scotland?
Why did I go to Scotland?
I made a big decision 11 years ago. It’s had a wonderful impact on my life, and I’m so, so glad I did it. I just didn’t really know why I did it at the time.
What I did was decide to study abroad in Scotland for a semester. Really, the only thing that would have made this decision even better would have been if I’d decided to go for an entire year. But I’m not going to get all hung up about that. People asked me why I chose Scotland. I got a lot of funny looks when I said, “Well, I don’t know...” It’s not like I was going to say “I’m going for the haggis, duh.” Or, “I hear the weather is fabulous in the winter.” Or, “God, I love bagpipes.” I really didn’t know why I chose Scotland. I just wanted to go.
So off I went to have a blast of a semester abroad. I laughed at highland cows (or “coos”, if you’re saying it in Scottish brogue). I hiked the tallest mountain in the UK (Ben Nevis - it’s not all that tall). I taught my Scottish friends what brownies are. I tried haggis. I learned how to arrange music for a string quintet. I sang in a choir so dreadful that the end-of-semester concert was cancelled. I found out what an electric kettle was and deemed it the best appliance ever. I drank a lot of beer and

================



======= Instance Index 21956 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Thursday was pretty awesome . On Wednesday , working on Noel 's research committee really made me eel a lot better , because I felt like I was capable of working on a research project . Everyone on it was incredibly nice and I spent the rest of the day socializing with my cohort . Then we headed over to the LGBTQ Center for a get - to - know - you picnic and I met some other cool people . Plus , one of the RA 's fromt he project and I became good friends there . So on Thursday , I spoke to Noel about being late to the future meetings because of class , and he also asked me how the job search was going and he took down the names of the people who were hiring .
Question: Where is the author ?
Options: 
- He 's in the work place .
 - He 's at college .
 - He 's in high school .
 - He 's in a church .

Target Text: He 's at college .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.673266
Retrieved Text: en:The author(s) who published the full name as it stands that was identified for the unit.<br/><br/>If the second epithet is empty, this is the authority for the species name. Otherwise this is the subtaxa authority at the most detailed taxonomic level (e.g.(Waldst. et Kit.) Arc.<br/><br/>Author(s) for the taxonomic name combination (i.e. the author team of the new combination where there is a basionym, and the name author team where there is none). May be preceded by a sanctioning author. If possible, preceding "ex" authors should be avoided.
The author(s) who published the full name as it stands that was identified for the unit.<br/><br/>If the second epithet is empty, this is the authority for the species name. Otherwise this is the subtaxa authority at the most detailed taxonomic level (e.g.(Waldst. et Kit.) Arc.<br/><br/>Author(s) for the taxonomic name combination (i.e. the author team of the new combination where there is a basionym, and the name author team where there is none). May be preceded by a sanctioning author. If possible, preceding "ex" authors should be avoided.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.392728
Retrieved Text: "I love me some tear-jerkers, so pretty much any story where someone is dying or in danger of dying has my vote. I also like a lot of kissing and swooning." - Sarah Ockler, author of Bittersweet.
Alternately, I'm a sucker for really soft, understated, sweet-sober love stories; the kind where what's actually said is so quiet, so formal, but the subtext is like Niagara Falls." - Leah Bobet, author of Above.
"I’m a sucker for conspiracy theories and sci-fi, or any combination thereof. Basically, I love the show LOST." - Aaron Karo, author of Lexapros & Cons.
"Boy meets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy gets girl back. I don’t actually write those, but what the hell, I like them a lot." - Ann Stampler, author of Where It Began.
"There’s nothing I love more than a good small town horror story. I also (and this is probably leftover from the many hours I logged as a teenager watching Lifetime movies) love anything involving kidnapping, cults, or switched-at-birth." - Robin Wasserman, author of The Book of Blood and Shadow.
"I love a book that surprises me in some way." - Alissa Grosso, author of Ferocity Summer.
"Anything where people can't keep what they want. Anything where forgetting is necessary. Anything about the basic limits of the human condition. That bleak enough for you? I love it. I love it all." - Kendare Blake, author of Girl of Nightmares.
"This is going to make me sound sick, but I love mystery stories about children being murdered in small towns." - Jennifer Bosworth, author of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.106331
Retrieved Text: o'-ther: This word is used to translate two Greek words: (1) aitios, literally, "cause," hence, "author." Hebrews 5:9, He "became the author of eternal salvation." (2) archego = literally, "chief leader," "prince," "captain"; then author, originator. It is rendered "author" in the following passages: (a) Hebrews 12:2, "looking unto Jesus, the author [King James Version, Revised Version] and finisher [Revised Version, "perfecter"] of our faith." But here it seems better to take archegos in its primary sense, "leader" (Revised Version margin "captain"), rather than in its secondary sense "author." The meaning is, not that He is the originator of faith in us, but that He Himself is the pioneer in the life of faith. He is first in the company of the faithful (compare references to His "faithfulness," Hebrews 2:17; Hebrews 3:2, Hebrews 3:5-6), far surpassing in His fidelity even the Old Testament saints mentioned in chapter 11; and therefore we are to look to Him as our perfect pattern of faith. Faith has not only Christ for its object, but Christ for its supreme example. So Bengel, Bleek, B. Weiss, Alford, A. B. Davidson, Grimm-Thayer. Others, however, take the word in the sense of "author." (b) Hebrews 2:10, "to make the author [King James Version, "captain"] of their salvation perfect through sufferings." Here the idea of Christ as originator or author of our salvation is present (compare the passage Hebrews 5:9, where however a different word is used; see above). But here again the original meaning of "leader" is not to be lost sight of.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.996508
Retrieved Text: I was making the rounds at a local author meet-and-greet at the library. I was gathering business cards, bookmarkers, and other marketing material as I went from table to table where each author was displaying their work. Hands full, I grabbed a few more bookmarkers from one of the last tables where the author was already busy talking to someone else and headed out. It wasn’t until I got home that I realized that this local author was a Christian and fellow homeschool mom, which I found intriguing.
I took a chance and shot her an email asking if she’d be willing to get together for coffee. I knew it was a long shot; she is a busy author with deadlines. But Dani Pettrey graciously agreed to get together to discuss writing, books, publishing, and homeschooling. As a writer and homeschooling mother myself, I had lots of questions about how she balanced her love of writing with the rest of busy-mom-life.
Dani Pettrey is the author of the Alaskan Courage series for Bethany House. Submerged, Shattered, and the newly released Stranded follows various members of the McKenna siblings as they solve mysteries, struggle with faith, encounter romance, and chase adventure. Dani agreed to give Ungrindreaders a peek into her life as an author and share where her inspiration for writing comes from.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.907208
Retrieved Text: Amazon Author Central – Amazon.com is a top platform for purchasing books, which makes it essential for every published author to have an Amazon Author Central account. With Amazon Author Central, you can create an Author Page, where readers, book reviewers, media and publishers can learn more about you and your books. Your Author Page can include all of your books, as well as your biography, author photos, bibliographies and even feeds to your blog posts. Someone who is viewing one of your books can simply click on your name to be directed to your Author Page.
NetGallery – NetGallery is a free online service where authors can create buzz about their book and generate reviews even before it’s published. You can upload your book on NetGallery and the media, librarians, booksellers, reviewers and bloggers can read it before it’s published and spread the word about your book. NetGallery can even help you get your book into libraries and bookstores.
Google+ – While it may not have as many users as Facebook, Google+ is a valuable online social platform for authors. With Google+ you can set up Google Authorship, allowing your authorship information to show up in search results with the content you’ve written. Google Authorship will display your headshot and a byline and show how many people have added you to their Google+ circles, which increases your credibility. Another benefit is you can hold author readings through Google+ Hangouts.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.897963
Retrieved Text: I couldn't find the music score in the existing library. Can somebody post it?
Unfortunately, it is not possible: this work was published in 1952, so it will be under copyright in US, where CPDL is located, until the end of 2047.
Furthermore, Poulenc died in 1963, so all his works will be under copyright until the end of 2013 in all countries where the copyright duration is 50 years after the death of the author, and until the end of 2033 in all countries where the copyright duration is 70 years after the death of the author. You appear to be located in a country where copyright duration is 70 years after the death of the author, so you'll have to consider copyright restrictions for quite a long time.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.850204
Retrieved Text: Spooky buddies / Walt Disney Pictures ; a Robert Vince film ; a Key Pix production ; produced by Anna McRoberts and Robert Vince ; written by Robert Vince and Anna McRoberts ; directed by Robert Vince.
General Note: Special features for the Blu-ray and DVD formats include an all new music video of "Monster Mash" by the cast of Disney's Shake It Up, a sneak peek at Disney's Treasure Buddies, and a DIGS featurette where Rosebud takes you on an exciting tour of her home.
Participant or Performer: Harland Williams, Rance Howard, Pat Finn, Jennifer Elise Cox, Skyler Gisondo, Sierra McCormick, Sage Ryan, Elisa Donovan, Tucker Albrizzi, Jake Johnson. Featuring the voices of: Skyler Gisondo, G. Hannelius, Ty Panitz, Nico Ghisi, Charles Henry Wyson, Diedrich Bader, Ryan Stiles, Tim Conway, Debra Jo Rupp, Frankie Jonas.
Summary: Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back in an all-new movie that takes them far across town to a mysterious mansion where something very spooky is going on. With the help of some unexpected new friends, including a friendly ghost, this exciting adventure is howling good Buddy fun. In a race against a no good hound, the Buddies and their new friends, Pip, Zelda, Rodney, and Skip, must stop Warwick the Warlock, and save the world from his dastardly deeds.
Blu-ray; NTSC; Region 1; widescreen (1.78:1) ; English 5.1 DTS HD master audio, French Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound, Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound.
DVD; NTSC; Region 1; widescreen (1.78:1) ; English 5.1 Dolby Digital, French 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.
Authors: Vince,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.821862
Retrieved Text: This book is written by well known author, Jack Canfield. He is co-author of very famous book, The Chicken Soup for The Soul. Book was published in 2005 and New York best seller.
And the title says, ‘How to get from where you are to where you want to be’…. Hmmmm… Actually I don’t know where I want to be… Right now Where I am, I never dreamt of. And I don’t know where future lies for me and that’s interesting part as Life is more fictional then book or your thoughts….
Anyways If you need some inspiration and till date, never read any motivation articles or book then try this book otherwise skip it and just start taking action. But ya, its best seller so just keep mind that.
I wonder, most successful people mentioned by author ever read this type of books!!! Just a thought….

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.806192
Retrieved Text: Hello and welcome to the UPDATE statement and the DELETE statement.
deleting data in a relational database table.
DELETE statement and explain the importance of the WHERE clause in these statements.
the data in a table can be altered with the UPDATE statement.
The UPDATE statement is one of the data manipulation language or DML statements.
DML statements are used to read and modify data.
Author and the entity attributes as the columns of the table.
Rows were added to the Author table to populate the table.
Sometime later, you want to alter the data in the table.
we use the UPDATE statement.
UPDATE [TableName] SET [ColumnName] = [Value] ]> <WHERE [Condition] >.
In the statement, TableName identifies the table.
as specified in the <WHERE [Condition] >.
the author with AUTHOR_ID A2 from Rav Ahuja to Lakshmi Katta.
we start by selecting all rows from the author table to see the values.
enter the UPDATE statement as follows.
FIRST NAME = LAKSHMI WHERE AUTHOR_ID = A2.
to the name changed from Rav Ahuja to Lakshmi Katta.
all the rows in the table will be updated.
the table would have changed the first and last names to Lakshmi Katta.
Sometime later, there might be a need to remove one or more rows from a table.
The rows are removed with the DELETE statement.
the data manipulation language statements used to read and modify data.
DELETE FROM [TABLEName] <WHERE [Condition] >.
The rows to be removed are specified in the WHERE condition.
we want to delete the rows for AUTHOR_ID A2 and A3.
DELETE FROM AUTHOR WHERE AUTHOR_ID IN ('A2','A3').
all the rows in the table will be removed.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.779411
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the final question in a reading passage will ask you to determine where in the passage a piece of information is found. The answer choices will list possible locations for that information. The best way to approach this type of question is to study the question to determine the information that you are looking for and then to go to the lines listed in the answers and skim for that information.
city of the United States.
1. Where in the passage does the author define the word “capital”?
2. Where in the passage does the author mention where the U.S. Capitol can be found?
To answer the first question, you should skim for the word capital and then look for its meaning. A capital is the location of the center of government, and this definition is given in the fourth line. The best answer to this question is therefore answer (C).
To answer the second question, you should skim for U.S. Capitol and then look for where the U.S. Capitol is found. The U.S. Capitol is located in Washington, D.C., and ..this information is given in the sixth through eighth lines. The best answer to this question is therefore answer (D).
The following chart outlines the key information that you should remember when you are trying to determine where in the passage something is found.
TOEFL EXERCISE 6: Study each of the passages and choose the best answers to the questions that follow.
the surface and bursts out as a geyser.
steam about once an hour.
There have not been any volcanic eruptions in the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.766025
Retrieved Text: Take your career as an author to the next level with help from our coaching service.
You found the time to write. You worked hard and finally finished your book. You achieved your first goal toward success. Now you're discovering that you need to learn the business side of being an author. How do you find a balance with all that goes into publishing and promoting your book? Where do you begin?
Are you an author who has a book out or is about to have one published but have no idea what to do once it’s in the marketplace?
Are you an author looking at traditional publishers but aren't sure what to do now?
Are you an author who wants to self-publish, but with all the options available, you have no idea where to start?
Does being a hybrid author sound like something you would like to do? Here you are traditionally published and want to create assets that you control, so self-publishing is the next logical step to pursue.
Are you so focused on your book that stepping out of the creative role and into the business role of publishing seems like a daunting task?
Is information overload (classes, conferences, books, magazines, Web sites) overwhelming you and keeping you from moving forward?
Are you ready to see where your book can take your career?
Do you need someone to point you in the right direction and support you along the way?
What are you waiting for? Sign up for your coaching program today.
Our coaching service is for writers who are serious about the craft

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.758497
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Netkachov, O."
Items where Author is "Netkachov, O."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 18 05:08:39 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.754583
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ali, I."
Items where Author is "Ali, I."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 18 05:03:22 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.747886
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Alexandre, J."
Items where Author is "Alexandre, J."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:16:33 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.74718
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Nguyen, T.H."
Items where Author is "Nguyen, T.H."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 05:03:37 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.746123
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Aharon, A."
Items where Author is "Aharon, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:09:40 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.744847
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Herwono, I."
Items where Author is "Herwono, I."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:41:40 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.74163
Retrieved Text: In botanical nomenclature, author citation refers to citing the person or group of people who validly published a botanical name, i.e. who first published the name while fulfilling the formal requirements as specified by the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN). In cases where a species is no longer in its original generic placement (i.e. a new combination of genus and specific epithet), both the author(s) of the original genus placement and those of the new combination are given (the former in parentheses).
In botany, it is customary (though not obligatory) to abbreviate author names according to a recognised list of standard abbreviations.
There are diffences between the botanical Code and the normal practice in zoology. In zoology, the publication year is given following the author name(s) and the authorship of a new combination is normally omitted. A small number of more specialized practices also vary between the recommendations of the botanical and zoological codes.
4 Usage of the term "ex"
6 Usage of the ancillary term "in"
The name of a taxon being referred to is ambiguous, as in the case of homonyms such as Ficus L., the fig tree genus, vs. Ficus Röding, 1798, a genus of molluscs.
The publication of the name may be in a little-known journal or book. The author name may sometimes help to resolve this.
The name may not have been validly published, but the supposed author name may be helpful to locate the publication or manuscript in which it was listed.
Rules and recommendations for author citations in botany are covered by

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ang, C.S."
Items where Author is "Ang, C.S."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:14:31 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Alder, J."
Items where Author is "Alder, J."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 25 05:09:57 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Herman, J."
Items where Author is "Herman, J."
This list was generated on Tue Apr 23 04:47:39 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.737637
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Anderson, S. J."
Items where Author is "Anderson, S. J."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 04:56:54 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.731474
Retrieved Text: When starting a paperback project where you list title of book and then author, there's a place you can click that says "add author". If you published a book already under your real name and want to publish a second book under a pen name, can you do that on the same account by just adding an author?
Secondly... If you do that, do they both end up on the spotlight page under your real name or does it give you a second spotlight page for the pen name?
When starting a paperback project where you list title of book and then author, there's a place you can click that says "add author".
I think that's used for splitting revenue between two people.
If you published a book already under your real name and want to publish a second book under a pen name, can you do that on the same account by just adding an author?
I think you are getting mixed up. If you wish to use a pen name then simply put it on your cover, on your copyright page, and anywhere else it's mentioned, such as in the author fill in under the title at the start of the Project Wizard.
All the books you create on one account will go on one Spotlight, but you can open a few accounts.
The spotlight page for the author DOES NOT show the books written under a different pen name ... for example me...Markus Heinrich Rehbach and Clarissa Sophia Von Der Golz ... the books written under that (Clarissa) pen name

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.729302
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ignatowicz, A."
Items where Author is "Ignatowicz, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:50:49 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.725584
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Hervas-Drane, A."
Items where Author is "Hervas-Drane, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:20:35 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.725137
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Zhang, S. X."
Items where Author is "Zhang, S. X."
This list was generated on Wed Apr 24 05:23:08 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.723849
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Valdez, E. A."
Items where Author is "Valdez, E. A."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 05:17:29 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.710081
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where City Author is "Glass, C. A."
Items where City Author is "Glass, C. A."
This list was generated on Wed Apr 24 04:43:35 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.69186
Retrieved Text: Items where Author is "Azman-Saini, W.N.W." - E-Knjižnica FET "Dr. Mijo Mirković"
Items where Author is "Azman-Saini, W.N.W."
This list was generated on Fri Apr 26 05:57:47 2019 CEST.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.672273
Retrieved Text: The primary objective of the 2005 policy change is to facilitate processing of literary materials. While efficiencies will be most evident in LC 050 00 processing, shelflisting literature call numbers from member copy, member copy without call numbers, and original cataloging may be complicated by the split files that will result from accepting LC numbers shelflisted against a different catalog. The shelflisting procedures following take the modified shelflisting objectives and the overall primary objective into consideration.
Note that PZ numbers are also acceptable. This number is for The Slippery slope by Lemony Snicket. Note that PZ uses lower case for book numbers.
With your bib record displayed, open the menu Record-->Retrieve Authorities. If the author is listed as a heading, open the authority record and check for a 053 or a 090 LC. If there is one, use it as the author number for your record. Note that if the author is used as a subject only (a book about the author), Retrieve Authorities will not work if any subject subdivisions are used after the name.
Optionally, in situations where there is no 053 but authoritative information (i.e. 050 00) is readily available, catalogers authorized to update the authority record may add a 090 LC number to record the authorized author number to facilitate processing in the future. Note that LC and not a location code should precede the author number; 090 <location code> should be used to record location specific decisions on whether a title is classed-together or classed separately. Staff not authorized to update authority records should

================



======= Instance Index 21957 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Thursday was pretty awesome . On Wednesday , working on Noel 's research committee really made me eel a lot better , because I felt like I was capable of working on a research project . Everyone on it was incredibly nice and I spent the rest of the day socializing with my cohort . Then we headed over to the LGBTQ Center for a get - to - know - you picnic and I met some other cool people . Plus , one of the RA 's fromt he project and I became good friends there . So on Thursday , I spoke to Noel about being late to the future meetings because of class , and he also asked me how the job search was going and he took down the names of the people who were hiring .
Question: Where is the author ?
Options: 
- He 's in high school .
 - He 's in a church .
 - He 's at university .
 - He 's in the work place .

Target Text: He 's at university .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.673266
Retrieved Text: en:The author(s) who published the full name as it stands that was identified for the unit.<br/><br/>If the second epithet is empty, this is the authority for the species name. Otherwise this is the subtaxa authority at the most detailed taxonomic level (e.g.(Waldst. et Kit.) Arc.<br/><br/>Author(s) for the taxonomic name combination (i.e. the author team of the new combination where there is a basionym, and the name author team where there is none). May be preceded by a sanctioning author. If possible, preceding "ex" authors should be avoided.
The author(s) who published the full name as it stands that was identified for the unit.<br/><br/>If the second epithet is empty, this is the authority for the species name. Otherwise this is the subtaxa authority at the most detailed taxonomic level (e.g.(Waldst. et Kit.) Arc.<br/><br/>Author(s) for the taxonomic name combination (i.e. the author team of the new combination where there is a basionym, and the name author team where there is none). May be preceded by a sanctioning author. If possible, preceding "ex" authors should be avoided.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.392728
Retrieved Text: "I love me some tear-jerkers, so pretty much any story where someone is dying or in danger of dying has my vote. I also like a lot of kissing and swooning." - Sarah Ockler, author of Bittersweet.
Alternately, I'm a sucker for really soft, understated, sweet-sober love stories; the kind where what's actually said is so quiet, so formal, but the subtext is like Niagara Falls." - Leah Bobet, author of Above.
"I’m a sucker for conspiracy theories and sci-fi, or any combination thereof. Basically, I love the show LOST." - Aaron Karo, author of Lexapros & Cons.
"Boy meets girl. Boy loses girl. Boy gets girl back. I don’t actually write those, but what the hell, I like them a lot." - Ann Stampler, author of Where It Began.
"There’s nothing I love more than a good small town horror story. I also (and this is probably leftover from the many hours I logged as a teenager watching Lifetime movies) love anything involving kidnapping, cults, or switched-at-birth." - Robin Wasserman, author of The Book of Blood and Shadow.
"I love a book that surprises me in some way." - Alissa Grosso, author of Ferocity Summer.
"Anything where people can't keep what they want. Anything where forgetting is necessary. Anything about the basic limits of the human condition. That bleak enough for you? I love it. I love it all." - Kendare Blake, author of Girl of Nightmares.
"This is going to make me sound sick, but I love mystery stories about children being murdered in small towns." - Jennifer Bosworth, author of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.106331
Retrieved Text: o'-ther: This word is used to translate two Greek words: (1) aitios, literally, "cause," hence, "author." Hebrews 5:9, He "became the author of eternal salvation." (2) archego = literally, "chief leader," "prince," "captain"; then author, originator. It is rendered "author" in the following passages: (a) Hebrews 12:2, "looking unto Jesus, the author [King James Version, Revised Version] and finisher [Revised Version, "perfecter"] of our faith." But here it seems better to take archegos in its primary sense, "leader" (Revised Version margin "captain"), rather than in its secondary sense "author." The meaning is, not that He is the originator of faith in us, but that He Himself is the pioneer in the life of faith. He is first in the company of the faithful (compare references to His "faithfulness," Hebrews 2:17; Hebrews 3:2, Hebrews 3:5-6), far surpassing in His fidelity even the Old Testament saints mentioned in chapter 11; and therefore we are to look to Him as our perfect pattern of faith. Faith has not only Christ for its object, but Christ for its supreme example. So Bengel, Bleek, B. Weiss, Alford, A. B. Davidson, Grimm-Thayer. Others, however, take the word in the sense of "author." (b) Hebrews 2:10, "to make the author [King James Version, "captain"] of their salvation perfect through sufferings." Here the idea of Christ as originator or author of our salvation is present (compare the passage Hebrews 5:9, where however a different word is used; see above). But here again the original meaning of "leader" is not to be lost sight of.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 10.996508
Retrieved Text: I was making the rounds at a local author meet-and-greet at the library. I was gathering business cards, bookmarkers, and other marketing material as I went from table to table where each author was displaying their work. Hands full, I grabbed a few more bookmarkers from one of the last tables where the author was already busy talking to someone else and headed out. It wasn’t until I got home that I realized that this local author was a Christian and fellow homeschool mom, which I found intriguing.
I took a chance and shot her an email asking if she’d be willing to get together for coffee. I knew it was a long shot; she is a busy author with deadlines. But Dani Pettrey graciously agreed to get together to discuss writing, books, publishing, and homeschooling. As a writer and homeschooling mother myself, I had lots of questions about how she balanced her love of writing with the rest of busy-mom-life.
Dani Pettrey is the author of the Alaskan Courage series for Bethany House. Submerged, Shattered, and the newly released Stranded follows various members of the McKenna siblings as they solve mysteries, struggle with faith, encounter romance, and chase adventure. Dani agreed to give Ungrindreaders a peek into her life as an author and share where her inspiration for writing comes from.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 10.907208
Retrieved Text: Amazon Author Central – Amazon.com is a top platform for purchasing books, which makes it essential for every published author to have an Amazon Author Central account. With Amazon Author Central, you can create an Author Page, where readers, book reviewers, media and publishers can learn more about you and your books. Your Author Page can include all of your books, as well as your biography, author photos, bibliographies and even feeds to your blog posts. Someone who is viewing one of your books can simply click on your name to be directed to your Author Page.
NetGallery – NetGallery is a free online service where authors can create buzz about their book and generate reviews even before it’s published. You can upload your book on NetGallery and the media, librarians, booksellers, reviewers and bloggers can read it before it’s published and spread the word about your book. NetGallery can even help you get your book into libraries and bookstores.
Google+ – While it may not have as many users as Facebook, Google+ is a valuable online social platform for authors. With Google+ you can set up Google Authorship, allowing your authorship information to show up in search results with the content you’ve written. Google Authorship will display your headshot and a byline and show how many people have added you to their Google+ circles, which increases your credibility. Another benefit is you can hold author readings through Google+ Hangouts.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 10.897963
Retrieved Text: I couldn't find the music score in the existing library. Can somebody post it?
Unfortunately, it is not possible: this work was published in 1952, so it will be under copyright in US, where CPDL is located, until the end of 2047.
Furthermore, Poulenc died in 1963, so all his works will be under copyright until the end of 2013 in all countries where the copyright duration is 50 years after the death of the author, and until the end of 2033 in all countries where the copyright duration is 70 years after the death of the author. You appear to be located in a country where copyright duration is 70 years after the death of the author, so you'll have to consider copyright restrictions for quite a long time.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 10.850204
Retrieved Text: Spooky buddies / Walt Disney Pictures ; a Robert Vince film ; a Key Pix production ; produced by Anna McRoberts and Robert Vince ; written by Robert Vince and Anna McRoberts ; directed by Robert Vince.
General Note: Special features for the Blu-ray and DVD formats include an all new music video of "Monster Mash" by the cast of Disney's Shake It Up, a sneak peek at Disney's Treasure Buddies, and a DIGS featurette where Rosebud takes you on an exciting tour of her home.
Participant or Performer: Harland Williams, Rance Howard, Pat Finn, Jennifer Elise Cox, Skyler Gisondo, Sierra McCormick, Sage Ryan, Elisa Donovan, Tucker Albrizzi, Jake Johnson. Featuring the voices of: Skyler Gisondo, G. Hannelius, Ty Panitz, Nico Ghisi, Charles Henry Wyson, Diedrich Bader, Ryan Stiles, Tim Conway, Debra Jo Rupp, Frankie Jonas.
Summary: Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back in an all-new movie that takes them far across town to a mysterious mansion where something very spooky is going on. With the help of some unexpected new friends, including a friendly ghost, this exciting adventure is howling good Buddy fun. In a race against a no good hound, the Buddies and their new friends, Pip, Zelda, Rodney, and Skip, must stop Warwick the Warlock, and save the world from his dastardly deeds.
Blu-ray; NTSC; Region 1; widescreen (1.78:1) ; English 5.1 DTS HD master audio, French Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound, Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound.
DVD; NTSC; Region 1; widescreen (1.78:1) ; English 5.1 Dolby Digital, French 5.1 Dolby Digital, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.
Authors: Vince,

########
Rank: 7
Score: 10.821862
Retrieved Text: This book is written by well known author, Jack Canfield. He is co-author of very famous book, The Chicken Soup for The Soul. Book was published in 2005 and New York best seller.
And the title says, ‘How to get from where you are to where you want to be’…. Hmmmm… Actually I don’t know where I want to be… Right now Where I am, I never dreamt of. And I don’t know where future lies for me and that’s interesting part as Life is more fictional then book or your thoughts….
Anyways If you need some inspiration and till date, never read any motivation articles or book then try this book otherwise skip it and just start taking action. But ya, its best seller so just keep mind that.
I wonder, most successful people mentioned by author ever read this type of books!!! Just a thought….

########
Rank: 8
Score: 10.806192
Retrieved Text: Hello and welcome to the UPDATE statement and the DELETE statement.
deleting data in a relational database table.
DELETE statement and explain the importance of the WHERE clause in these statements.
the data in a table can be altered with the UPDATE statement.
The UPDATE statement is one of the data manipulation language or DML statements.
DML statements are used to read and modify data.
Author and the entity attributes as the columns of the table.
Rows were added to the Author table to populate the table.
Sometime later, you want to alter the data in the table.
we use the UPDATE statement.
UPDATE [TableName] SET [ColumnName] = [Value] ]> <WHERE [Condition] >.
In the statement, TableName identifies the table.
as specified in the <WHERE [Condition] >.
the author with AUTHOR_ID A2 from Rav Ahuja to Lakshmi Katta.
we start by selecting all rows from the author table to see the values.
enter the UPDATE statement as follows.
FIRST NAME = LAKSHMI WHERE AUTHOR_ID = A2.
to the name changed from Rav Ahuja to Lakshmi Katta.
all the rows in the table will be updated.
the table would have changed the first and last names to Lakshmi Katta.
Sometime later, there might be a need to remove one or more rows from a table.
The rows are removed with the DELETE statement.
the data manipulation language statements used to read and modify data.
DELETE FROM [TABLEName] <WHERE [Condition] >.
The rows to be removed are specified in the WHERE condition.
we want to delete the rows for AUTHOR_ID A2 and A3.
DELETE FROM AUTHOR WHERE AUTHOR_ID IN ('A2','A3').
all the rows in the table will be removed.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 10.779411
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the final question in a reading passage will ask you to determine where in the passage a piece of information is found. The answer choices will list possible locations for that information. The best way to approach this type of question is to study the question to determine the information that you are looking for and then to go to the lines listed in the answers and skim for that information.
city of the United States.
1. Where in the passage does the author define the word “capital”?
2. Where in the passage does the author mention where the U.S. Capitol can be found?
To answer the first question, you should skim for the word capital and then look for its meaning. A capital is the location of the center of government, and this definition is given in the fourth line. The best answer to this question is therefore answer (C).
To answer the second question, you should skim for U.S. Capitol and then look for where the U.S. Capitol is found. The U.S. Capitol is located in Washington, D.C., and ..this information is given in the sixth through eighth lines. The best answer to this question is therefore answer (D).
The following chart outlines the key information that you should remember when you are trying to determine where in the passage something is found.
TOEFL EXERCISE 6: Study each of the passages and choose the best answers to the questions that follow.
the surface and bursts out as a geyser.
steam about once an hour.
There have not been any volcanic eruptions in the

########
Rank: 10
Score: 10.766025
Retrieved Text: Take your career as an author to the next level with help from our coaching service.
You found the time to write. You worked hard and finally finished your book. You achieved your first goal toward success. Now you're discovering that you need to learn the business side of being an author. How do you find a balance with all that goes into publishing and promoting your book? Where do you begin?
Are you an author who has a book out or is about to have one published but have no idea what to do once it’s in the marketplace?
Are you an author looking at traditional publishers but aren't sure what to do now?
Are you an author who wants to self-publish, but with all the options available, you have no idea where to start?
Does being a hybrid author sound like something you would like to do? Here you are traditionally published and want to create assets that you control, so self-publishing is the next logical step to pursue.
Are you so focused on your book that stepping out of the creative role and into the business role of publishing seems like a daunting task?
Is information overload (classes, conferences, books, magazines, Web sites) overwhelming you and keeping you from moving forward?
Are you ready to see where your book can take your career?
Do you need someone to point you in the right direction and support you along the way?
What are you waiting for? Sign up for your coaching program today.
Our coaching service is for writers who are serious about the craft

########
Rank: 11
Score: 10.758497
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Netkachov, O."
Items where Author is "Netkachov, O."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 18 05:08:39 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 10.754583
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ali, I."
Items where Author is "Ali, I."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 18 05:03:22 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 10.747886
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Alexandre, J."
Items where Author is "Alexandre, J."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:16:33 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.74718
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Nguyen, T.H."
Items where Author is "Nguyen, T.H."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 05:03:37 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.746123
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Aharon, A."
Items where Author is "Aharon, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:09:40 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.744847
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Herwono, I."
Items where Author is "Herwono, I."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:41:40 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.74163
Retrieved Text: In botanical nomenclature, author citation refers to citing the person or group of people who validly published a botanical name, i.e. who first published the name while fulfilling the formal requirements as specified by the International Code of Nomenclature for algae, fungi, and plants (ICN). In cases where a species is no longer in its original generic placement (i.e. a new combination of genus and specific epithet), both the author(s) of the original genus placement and those of the new combination are given (the former in parentheses).
In botany, it is customary (though not obligatory) to abbreviate author names according to a recognised list of standard abbreviations.
There are diffences between the botanical Code and the normal practice in zoology. In zoology, the publication year is given following the author name(s) and the authorship of a new combination is normally omitted. A small number of more specialized practices also vary between the recommendations of the botanical and zoological codes.
4 Usage of the term "ex"
6 Usage of the ancillary term "in"
The name of a taxon being referred to is ambiguous, as in the case of homonyms such as Ficus L., the fig tree genus, vs. Ficus Röding, 1798, a genus of molluscs.
The publication of the name may be in a little-known journal or book. The author name may sometimes help to resolve this.
The name may not have been validly published, but the supposed author name may be helpful to locate the publication or manuscript in which it was listed.
Rules and recommendations for author citations in botany are covered by

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ang, C.S."
Items where Author is "Ang, C.S."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:14:31 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Alder, J."
Items where Author is "Alder, J."
This list was generated on Thu Apr 25 05:09:57 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.738489
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Herman, J."
Items where Author is "Herman, J."
This list was generated on Tue Apr 23 04:47:39 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.737637
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Anderson, S. J."
Items where Author is "Anderson, S. J."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 04:56:54 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.731474
Retrieved Text: When starting a paperback project where you list title of book and then author, there's a place you can click that says "add author". If you published a book already under your real name and want to publish a second book under a pen name, can you do that on the same account by just adding an author?
Secondly... If you do that, do they both end up on the spotlight page under your real name or does it give you a second spotlight page for the pen name?
When starting a paperback project where you list title of book and then author, there's a place you can click that says "add author".
I think that's used for splitting revenue between two people.
If you published a book already under your real name and want to publish a second book under a pen name, can you do that on the same account by just adding an author?
I think you are getting mixed up. If you wish to use a pen name then simply put it on your cover, on your copyright page, and anywhere else it's mentioned, such as in the author fill in under the title at the start of the Project Wizard.
All the books you create on one account will go on one Spotlight, but you can open a few accounts.
The spotlight page for the author DOES NOT show the books written under a different pen name ... for example me...Markus Heinrich Rehbach and Clarissa Sophia Von Der Golz ... the books written under that (Clarissa) pen name

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.729302
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Ignatowicz, A."
Items where Author is "Ignatowicz, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:50:49 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.725584
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Hervas-Drane, A."
Items where Author is "Hervas-Drane, A."
This list was generated on Sun Apr 21 05:20:35 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.725137
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Zhang, S. X."
Items where Author is "Zhang, S. X."
This list was generated on Wed Apr 24 05:23:08 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.723849
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where Author is "Valdez, E. A."
Items where Author is "Valdez, E. A."
This list was generated on Mon Apr 22 05:17:29 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.710081
Retrieved Text: City Research Online - Items where City Author is "Glass, C. A."
Items where City Author is "Glass, C. A."
This list was generated on Wed Apr 24 04:43:35 2019 UTC.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.69186
Retrieved Text: Items where Author is "Azman-Saini, W.N.W." - E-Knjižnica FET "Dr. Mijo Mirković"
Items where Author is "Azman-Saini, W.N.W."
This list was generated on Fri Apr 26 05:57:47 2019 CEST.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.672273
Retrieved Text: The primary objective of the 2005 policy change is to facilitate processing of literary materials. While efficiencies will be most evident in LC 050 00 processing, shelflisting literature call numbers from member copy, member copy without call numbers, and original cataloging may be complicated by the split files that will result from accepting LC numbers shelflisted against a different catalog. The shelflisting procedures following take the modified shelflisting objectives and the overall primary objective into consideration.
Note that PZ numbers are also acceptable. This number is for The Slippery slope by Lemony Snicket. Note that PZ uses lower case for book numbers.
With your bib record displayed, open the menu Record-->Retrieve Authorities. If the author is listed as a heading, open the authority record and check for a 053 or a 090 LC. If there is one, use it as the author number for your record. Note that if the author is used as a subject only (a book about the author), Retrieve Authorities will not work if any subject subdivisions are used after the name.
Optionally, in situations where there is no 053 but authoritative information (i.e. 050 00) is readily available, catalogers authorized to update the authority record may add a 090 LC number to record the authorized author number to facilitate processing in the future. Note that LC and not a location code should precede the author number; 090 <location code> should be used to record location specific decisions on whether a title is classed-together or classed separately. Staff not authorized to update authority records should

================



======= Instance Index 10591 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: But the four men raised their Winchester rifles , and in an unmistakable way commanded them to stop . At the same moment Dr. Van Helsing and I rose behind the rock and pointed our weapons at them . Seeing that they were surrounded the men tightened their reins and drew up .
Question: What is happening ?
Options: 
- They 're acting out a scenario
 - None of the above choices .
 - They 're having a party
 - They 're having a battle

Target Text: They 're having a battle

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.700968
Retrieved Text: What’s happening to my Free Hosting Service?
Why are some functions in VIPControl not working or missing for me?
When will I be migrated over to VentraIP?
What is happening to my Windows Shared hosting service?
What is happening to the plan I’m on with Servers Australia?
What happens if I’ve prepaid for my hosting?
What’s happening with my Credit Card information?
Whats happening to my Domain names?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.56595
Retrieved Text: (Solved) Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
What is happening to the electrical potential of a neuron when it generates an action potential?
Solved What channels open during the plateau phase of the cardiac contractile cell action potential?
Solved Describe the pathway of the action potential through the cardiac conduction system.
Solved Briefly describe what is happening at stage of the ECG labeled 5 in the diagram.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.520155
Retrieved Text: “You go first”, one partner inevitably says to the other. It’s usually the man who doesn’t want to underestimate and thereby offend the woman he’ll go home with after the session. Sometimes a bit of persuasion is necessary. “We’re confident that this process can help you to get to a better place, but we’re going to need a baseline to understand where you are now. Anything higher than a 0 means that there is something good happening in your marriage, but anything less than 10 means there is room for improvement. So, let’s get to it. Write down your number and get ready to explain what is happening that is good and what isn’t happening yet that you would like.” The emphasis on what is good and the invitation to envision the good to come seems to reassure the couple enough that they become willing to share.
A gentleman I met recently divorced after being married twenty years. “I never thought it could happen to us”, he said. “But somehow we lost focus on us along the way. We got wrapped up on work and kids activities and slowly lost us. Now, I constantly ask guys to evaluate their marriage on a scale of 1-10. If they say 7 or less, I tell them that they’d better do something about it.” Hmmm.
How would you rate your marriage? How do the couples you’re serving rate theirs? What is happening that enables them to say 1 or higher? What is not yet happening that keeps them from saying 10?
After

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.388775
Retrieved Text: Project Thrive provided us with the opportunity to have a conversation with our communities and listen to what you had to say. To keep our communities informed we bring you "Keeping It Central" which appears in the CHB Mail every week.
What's happening in CHB this week. This week we ask you to have your say with the Wastewater Public Survey and give you your options regarding rating Valuations.
What's happening in CHB this week. AA Services start at Waipukurau Library this week and we talk about our new contractors Smart Environmental.
What's happening around CHB this week. Community Planning commences with work on the Takapau Community Plan about to begin.
What's happening around CHB this week. Come and chat with us about the 2019-2020 Annual Plan. We talk about the recent composting workshop held in Waipawa.
What's happening around CHB this week. Know what you need to do if you have a swimming pool. We host Free Diver William Trubridge.
What's happening around CHB this week. We talk about the importance of recycling and introduce you to our new Animal Control Officer.
What's happening around CHB this week. Tama Bucknell and the Inspire Youth Council were on hand to talk about "Tools for Teenagers" and we let you know about the planned works for the Waipukurau Tukituki River Bridge.
What's happening in CHB this week. Work begins on the CHB Multi Turf and our Community Development Officer Christine tells us about the street by street barbeques.
What's happening around CHB this week. We are all about consultation and the Long Term Plan (LTP) 2018

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.360476
Retrieved Text: Home / Lifestyle / Tatafo / What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
The photo above has gone viral with so many people wondering what the photo depicts.
Some said the middle Lady might be a bride-to-be having fun at her bridal shower while others opposed it, saying that the ladies are a group of Lesbians having fun.
What say you? What do you think is happening?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.249723
Retrieved Text: Get the latest news on Terengganu Cycling Team (TSG) right here.
Who is Terrengganu Cycling Team (TSG)?
Let us help you to get to know TSG better.
Have you ever wondered who are the people behind TSG?
See what is happening with TSG from January to February 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from March to April 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from May to June 2018!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.248354
Retrieved Text: What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?
What’s Happening at the MakerSpace? Wednesday Night Workshops What is the MakerSpace? It is is an interdisciplinary space on campus open to all students, faculty, and staff. What does it have? It has a full wood shop and digital … Continue reading What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.245546
Retrieved Text: This was reported a few years ago as well. I remember it was the Obarry-era and it was when the Youtube Truthers were reporting on Jade Helm and this was happening; Very ODD! What is happening? What is happening to our earth? Is it dying?
The birds and fish SURELY ARE!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.196854
Retrieved Text: Discover Waterville – The place to find out what is happening in our community!
The Place to Find Out What is Happening in Our Community!
Managed by the Waterville Area Chamber of Commerce, Discover Waterville is a site made to highlight the area activities. We live in a vibrant community of diverse activities and we want to have one place to find out what is happening in our community.
*A calendar for events open to the public!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.190907
Retrieved Text: Visit the Sabot National Association.
Keep yourself updated on what's happening in the world of the US Sabot class.
Visit the Capri 14.2 National Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 14.2 class.
Visit the Coronado 15 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 15 class.
Visit the new Catalina 18 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 18 class.
Visit the Catalina 22 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 22 class.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 25/250 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Capri 26 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 27/270 world.
Visit the Catalina 28 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 28 class.
Visit the Catalina 30 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 30 class.
Visit the Catalina 320 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 320 class.
Visit the extensive Catalina 34 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 34 class.
Visit the Catalina 36 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 36 class.
Visit the Catalina 380 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 380 class.
Visit the Catalina 400 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 400 class.
Visit the Catalina 42 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 42 class.
Looking for something quiet,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.13732
Retrieved Text: Real Estate Prices Falling in Capital Cities But What is Happening in The Regions?
But What is Happening in The Regions?
What Can Happen When Property Maintenance is Neglected?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.118828
Retrieved Text: Give up on control. Give up on trying. Give up on trying to change the experience by controlling it. Because you can’t. You can only observe the happening of everything. Can you allow yourself to observe without interfering with whatever is happening right now? Can you allow your mind to rest now?
We are all helpless to the now. It is our natural state. Think about it, we can control our physical bodies movement, but we can’t turn on or off any of its functionality. We can make actions and say words but we can’t guarantee or predict their outcome, 100 percent.
Whatever is happening is here for us to be a part of as observers. Even when we are busy, working, exercising, a part of our being is in the background, observing the happening. Our observing of what is happening is effortless up to a point that we disapprove of it.
How can you disapprove of something that is already happening? You can, by ignoring and trying to fix it, right there as it is happening. But you’re too late to the party. Because you cannot change what is already now. You can only contract your body out of frustration, clench your teeth in anger, run endless loops of thoughts in your mind stressing yourself, refusing the already, the now, the happening.
Recently I found myself stuck in an emotional state. I thought that I was ready to do something, when in fact I wasn’t. But since I wanted very passionately to be able to do that something I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.080862
Retrieved Text: Last Post: Hook 'em Horns!
Last Post: What is happening at Little Elm??
What is happening at Little Elm??

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.069086
Retrieved Text: What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Home » That! Blog » SMM - Social Media Marketing » What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Are you curious about what your friends on Facebook are liking right this second?
Facebook is testing a new news feed feature that will let Facebook users see what their friends are liking, sharing and commenting on in real time.
It’s called the Happening Now sidebar. The sidebar will appear in the column on the right side of the news feed page, giving smaller bite size samples of comments, shared content and status updates.
What are your thoughts on the new side bar? Will it make it easier for you to keep track of your friends?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.008784
Retrieved Text: Home / Analysis / Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?
Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.995844
Retrieved Text: Happiness is not in what is happening; it is in how I process what is happening.
Anger does not change the fact. The will to take control is everything.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.972806
Retrieved Text: North Olympic Peninsula NOW – It’s happening here, It’s happening NOW.
It's happening here, It's happening NOW.
Embracing technology to connect people and discuss what is important to us in the communities we love.
Have an upcoming event you would like to share here? Please click the button below to start your submission.
We love this neck of the woods, and would like to create a centralized and condensed place where people can go to see what is happening around us. Events, shows, classes, meet-ups, nightlife etc; this is a small sampling of the type of content we would like to present at a glance.
We want everyone to feel a part of this online community just as we are a part of the communities we live in. The forums will play a large role for sharing ideas, and connecting people and services. Be sure to check them out by clicking the link on the left.
Whether you live in Port Angeles, Sequim, Forks, Joyce, in a shack somewhere in our beautiful backdrop, or just looking to explore what this region has to offer, this is the place for you.
Click this button to send an email to us, and get your event on the front page.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.971805
Retrieved Text: • Reflect: what is happening in my practice?
• Identify: where is this happening?
• Any questions, comments or queries?
• Losing sight of purpose: which is???
which is planning for learning.
• So what are learning outcomes?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.967474
Retrieved Text: All prisons, like any institution, should communicate with their “clients”, be they victims, prisoner’s family or friend, the local community or just interested people.
All (almost all!) prisons fail to do this is any meaningful way, with the reason being either mythical security issues or, more often, the simple inability to publish information without being criticised by the media at either end of the political/social spectrum means they “don’t bother”.
The MoJ press office handles the “major” incidents, ( almost always either “bad” news such as riots, death in custody, escapes/abscondements or political issues) but the “good news” like charity fund raising, Restorative Justice projects, exam success etc, and simple factual updates like changes in visiting hours, rules for bring in clothes for prisoners etc never get published.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Lindholme prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Humber prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wealstun, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wakefield, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.965979
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.960542
Retrieved Text: Supercut of the Day: Run That B-Roll! Shots of Seinfeld Where Nothing is Happening - The Daily What - Daily Dose of WHAT?
The show is about nothing and now nothing is happening.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.946015
Retrieved Text: Our Newsletter is published monthly and is mailed to residents with their utility bills around the first day of each month. Learn what is happening in town!
Here is what is happening in Huntsville now!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.927109
Retrieved Text: When we are mindful, we deliberately slow down to notice what is happening inside us (our thoughts, feelings, and body sensations), and what is happening outside of us, in our environment. The intention is to see things as they are, rather than as they used to be or as we wish they could be.
The good news is that the development of mindfulness helps us notice our emotions without being triggered by them. It moves us from living on automatic pilot to pausing and paying deliberate attention to what is happening in the now.
Teaching Mindfulness in the Classroom assists teachers in being able to allow students to be in the moment.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.914451
Retrieved Text: Interested in what happening in Bee Fields Farm?
Want to know what is happening through the seasons?
To read past issues of our newsletter, click here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.841131
Retrieved Text: Can you hear how presumptuous I’m being? How I’m assuming things are going to happen, how I’m asking ‘When’ instead of ‘Have’ and I’m assuming that things will be happening rather than wondering. I’m presuming things which is a very subtle and very effective way of asking for what you want as if it’s already happening.
You’re coming at your requests, questions, enquiries from certainty rather than possibility that that is a very powerful stance to take. It has the effect of by-passing the if something is going to happen and going straight to the place of it happening but without doubt.
Let me explain. As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing. Now you know I’m not saying you ride roughshod over people to get things done, of course not – I’m a true advocate of relationship building and of give and take – what I am saying though is that instead of leaving wiggle room you go straight for the energy of ‘this is happening already’. It makes you more assertive and it’s a natural way of asking for what you want which is always my intention for you to sparkle at work by being true to yourself. And being intentional, certain and committed at the same time.
As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing.
When you presuppose something, when you presume something is already happening and you use your language to convey it and what happens

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.840656
Retrieved Text: To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: March News. .
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: February Newsletter.
News from January. Click on the image to read about what has been happening.
Our fourth graders have worked an an amazing PBL called “Campaign for Kindness”. You can read what one of our photojournalists said about it here: Kopser Article and watch a video here: Kindness Video.
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: October Newsletter.
Check out what your kids are doing!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.801096
Retrieved Text: How would you like to be free from suffering? That sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Well, it is absolutely possible if you are willing to give up your thoughts that are creating your suffering. I know that you know that you do not have total control over what happens in your life. And I know you know that there is what happens and then there is how you respond to what is happening.
Your thoughts and judgments about what is happening (or isn’t happening) is most likely causing you far more angst than what is actually happening. The awesome news is that is you have 100% control over your thoughts even when you have 0% control over a current situation.
You create suffering whenever you become invested in a desired outcome, plan or opinion. It is the opposite of acceptance and surrender – where there is NO suffering.
Consider that you are creating suffering because you are buying into some assumption. For example, if you are suffering from being single you are probably buying into the belief that being with a partner would be better. How do you know? Or perhaps you are suffering over your finances and think money would relieve all your stress. Again, how do you know?
Perhaps everything that is happening right now is the way it is because you are exactly where you need to be to learn what you need to learn and manifest what your Higher Self (not your ego) truly desires. And perhaps there is more joy, peace and abundance right in front

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.785707
Retrieved Text: Check Out What is Happening At MOSI this September!
Hey everyone, Alex here to let you know what is happening at MOSI this September.
Check back with us often for more information on Tampa Bay Museums, Tampa Bay Attractions and fun Things To Do In Tampa Bay!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.772973
Retrieved Text: A Republican typically is supposed to carry Indiana and Kentucky.
If he ties in the national race, he is supposed to win each of these two states by 9 points apiece.
So what is happening in these two states?
With 13 percent of the vote in, McCain is winning Indiana by 3 points, 5 less than he should.
But he is winning Kentucky, with 14 percent of the vote, by 11 points — 2 points more than he should.
We need to watch these two states closely.
Once half or more of the vote is in, and we can begin to figure out what is happening, they should give us a clue to what is happening nationally.
Kentucky could be biased against Obama because of his comments about bankrupting the coal industry yesterday.
But results there may suggest this might not be the Obama juggernaut everyone thought.
Let's watch these two states to figure out what is going on.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.770954
Retrieved Text: The “Spiritual Meanings” of what’s happening in the uncertain world you are now living in, the guidance in it for you, and your part in it.
66 years ago, Linda’s spirit guides presented her with a view of a world in distress; one where people lived in fear, unable to hang on, and her part in it. That world is now upon you.
… has caused you to seek enlightenment about something you haven’t learned or possibly don’t remember. Deep inside you know you were chosen to be here in this life right now and feel inspired to take action to raise your own consciousness and that of others … the ones who can be reached.
Confusion about what’s really happening in the world is what moves you to seek the “spiritual meanings” of events. From this connected perspective, you can begin to see through the confusion. This is what you have been missing. It’s an intelligence and a language that brings clarity, not fear. It’s a place where you have power.
Until now, you didn’t know how to interpret it, so you ignored it.
Consequently, you got caught up in what was happening in just this world, allowing it to scare and control you. The price was a disconnection from your true self and your guidance.
Only when the fear is released can your Spirit Guides and Angels reach you. The “Spiritual Meanings” in Linda’s Weekly Guided Insights move you past the fear and confusion, as you restore a connection you lost long ago.
Nobody here in this world, even paid professionals,

================



======= Instance Index 15475 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: She did n't shake or tremble with the emotion like most would have . His voice cut through , pitched low for her only . " We ai n't gon na hurt ya . Can help ya get better , and if ya wanna go , ya can . " She nodded again , lowering her eyes because looking at him was too painful . She hated making eye contact , had only done so with him out of surprise .
Question: What is happening ?
Options: 
- She 's been abducted
 - None of the above choices .
 - She 's being held hostage
 - She 's in a situation she can escape from

Target Text: She 's in a situation she can escape from

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.700968
Retrieved Text: What’s happening to my Free Hosting Service?
Why are some functions in VIPControl not working or missing for me?
When will I be migrated over to VentraIP?
What is happening to my Windows Shared hosting service?
What is happening to the plan I’m on with Servers Australia?
What happens if I’ve prepaid for my hosting?
What’s happening with my Credit Card information?
Whats happening to my Domain names?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.56595
Retrieved Text: (Solved) Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
What is happening to the electrical potential of a neuron when it generates an action potential?
Solved What channels open during the plateau phase of the cardiac contractile cell action potential?
Solved Describe the pathway of the action potential through the cardiac conduction system.
Solved Briefly describe what is happening at stage of the ECG labeled 5 in the diagram.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.520155
Retrieved Text: “You go first”, one partner inevitably says to the other. It’s usually the man who doesn’t want to underestimate and thereby offend the woman he’ll go home with after the session. Sometimes a bit of persuasion is necessary. “We’re confident that this process can help you to get to a better place, but we’re going to need a baseline to understand where you are now. Anything higher than a 0 means that there is something good happening in your marriage, but anything less than 10 means there is room for improvement. So, let’s get to it. Write down your number and get ready to explain what is happening that is good and what isn’t happening yet that you would like.” The emphasis on what is good and the invitation to envision the good to come seems to reassure the couple enough that they become willing to share.
A gentleman I met recently divorced after being married twenty years. “I never thought it could happen to us”, he said. “But somehow we lost focus on us along the way. We got wrapped up on work and kids activities and slowly lost us. Now, I constantly ask guys to evaluate their marriage on a scale of 1-10. If they say 7 or less, I tell them that they’d better do something about it.” Hmmm.
How would you rate your marriage? How do the couples you’re serving rate theirs? What is happening that enables them to say 1 or higher? What is not yet happening that keeps them from saying 10?
After

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.388775
Retrieved Text: Project Thrive provided us with the opportunity to have a conversation with our communities and listen to what you had to say. To keep our communities informed we bring you "Keeping It Central" which appears in the CHB Mail every week.
What's happening in CHB this week. This week we ask you to have your say with the Wastewater Public Survey and give you your options regarding rating Valuations.
What's happening in CHB this week. AA Services start at Waipukurau Library this week and we talk about our new contractors Smart Environmental.
What's happening around CHB this week. Community Planning commences with work on the Takapau Community Plan about to begin.
What's happening around CHB this week. Come and chat with us about the 2019-2020 Annual Plan. We talk about the recent composting workshop held in Waipawa.
What's happening around CHB this week. Know what you need to do if you have a swimming pool. We host Free Diver William Trubridge.
What's happening around CHB this week. We talk about the importance of recycling and introduce you to our new Animal Control Officer.
What's happening around CHB this week. Tama Bucknell and the Inspire Youth Council were on hand to talk about "Tools for Teenagers" and we let you know about the planned works for the Waipukurau Tukituki River Bridge.
What's happening in CHB this week. Work begins on the CHB Multi Turf and our Community Development Officer Christine tells us about the street by street barbeques.
What's happening around CHB this week. We are all about consultation and the Long Term Plan (LTP) 2018

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.360476
Retrieved Text: Home / Lifestyle / Tatafo / What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
The photo above has gone viral with so many people wondering what the photo depicts.
Some said the middle Lady might be a bride-to-be having fun at her bridal shower while others opposed it, saying that the ladies are a group of Lesbians having fun.
What say you? What do you think is happening?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.249723
Retrieved Text: Get the latest news on Terengganu Cycling Team (TSG) right here.
Who is Terrengganu Cycling Team (TSG)?
Let us help you to get to know TSG better.
Have you ever wondered who are the people behind TSG?
See what is happening with TSG from January to February 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from March to April 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from May to June 2018!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.248354
Retrieved Text: What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?
What’s Happening at the MakerSpace? Wednesday Night Workshops What is the MakerSpace? It is is an interdisciplinary space on campus open to all students, faculty, and staff. What does it have? It has a full wood shop and digital … Continue reading What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.245546
Retrieved Text: This was reported a few years ago as well. I remember it was the Obarry-era and it was when the Youtube Truthers were reporting on Jade Helm and this was happening; Very ODD! What is happening? What is happening to our earth? Is it dying?
The birds and fish SURELY ARE!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.196854
Retrieved Text: Discover Waterville – The place to find out what is happening in our community!
The Place to Find Out What is Happening in Our Community!
Managed by the Waterville Area Chamber of Commerce, Discover Waterville is a site made to highlight the area activities. We live in a vibrant community of diverse activities and we want to have one place to find out what is happening in our community.
*A calendar for events open to the public!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.190907
Retrieved Text: Visit the Sabot National Association.
Keep yourself updated on what's happening in the world of the US Sabot class.
Visit the Capri 14.2 National Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 14.2 class.
Visit the Coronado 15 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 15 class.
Visit the new Catalina 18 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 18 class.
Visit the Catalina 22 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 22 class.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 25/250 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Capri 26 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 27/270 world.
Visit the Catalina 28 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 28 class.
Visit the Catalina 30 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 30 class.
Visit the Catalina 320 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 320 class.
Visit the extensive Catalina 34 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 34 class.
Visit the Catalina 36 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 36 class.
Visit the Catalina 380 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 380 class.
Visit the Catalina 400 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 400 class.
Visit the Catalina 42 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 42 class.
Looking for something quiet,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.13732
Retrieved Text: Real Estate Prices Falling in Capital Cities But What is Happening in The Regions?
But What is Happening in The Regions?
What Can Happen When Property Maintenance is Neglected?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.118828
Retrieved Text: Give up on control. Give up on trying. Give up on trying to change the experience by controlling it. Because you can’t. You can only observe the happening of everything. Can you allow yourself to observe without interfering with whatever is happening right now? Can you allow your mind to rest now?
We are all helpless to the now. It is our natural state. Think about it, we can control our physical bodies movement, but we can’t turn on or off any of its functionality. We can make actions and say words but we can’t guarantee or predict their outcome, 100 percent.
Whatever is happening is here for us to be a part of as observers. Even when we are busy, working, exercising, a part of our being is in the background, observing the happening. Our observing of what is happening is effortless up to a point that we disapprove of it.
How can you disapprove of something that is already happening? You can, by ignoring and trying to fix it, right there as it is happening. But you’re too late to the party. Because you cannot change what is already now. You can only contract your body out of frustration, clench your teeth in anger, run endless loops of thoughts in your mind stressing yourself, refusing the already, the now, the happening.
Recently I found myself stuck in an emotional state. I thought that I was ready to do something, when in fact I wasn’t. But since I wanted very passionately to be able to do that something I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.080862
Retrieved Text: Last Post: Hook 'em Horns!
Last Post: What is happening at Little Elm??
What is happening at Little Elm??

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.069086
Retrieved Text: What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Home » That! Blog » SMM - Social Media Marketing » What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Are you curious about what your friends on Facebook are liking right this second?
Facebook is testing a new news feed feature that will let Facebook users see what their friends are liking, sharing and commenting on in real time.
It’s called the Happening Now sidebar. The sidebar will appear in the column on the right side of the news feed page, giving smaller bite size samples of comments, shared content and status updates.
What are your thoughts on the new side bar? Will it make it easier for you to keep track of your friends?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.008784
Retrieved Text: Home / Analysis / Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?
Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.995844
Retrieved Text: Happiness is not in what is happening; it is in how I process what is happening.
Anger does not change the fact. The will to take control is everything.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.972806
Retrieved Text: North Olympic Peninsula NOW – It’s happening here, It’s happening NOW.
It's happening here, It's happening NOW.
Embracing technology to connect people and discuss what is important to us in the communities we love.
Have an upcoming event you would like to share here? Please click the button below to start your submission.
We love this neck of the woods, and would like to create a centralized and condensed place where people can go to see what is happening around us. Events, shows, classes, meet-ups, nightlife etc; this is a small sampling of the type of content we would like to present at a glance.
We want everyone to feel a part of this online community just as we are a part of the communities we live in. The forums will play a large role for sharing ideas, and connecting people and services. Be sure to check them out by clicking the link on the left.
Whether you live in Port Angeles, Sequim, Forks, Joyce, in a shack somewhere in our beautiful backdrop, or just looking to explore what this region has to offer, this is the place for you.
Click this button to send an email to us, and get your event on the front page.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.971805
Retrieved Text: • Reflect: what is happening in my practice?
• Identify: where is this happening?
• Any questions, comments or queries?
• Losing sight of purpose: which is???
which is planning for learning.
• So what are learning outcomes?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.967474
Retrieved Text: All prisons, like any institution, should communicate with their “clients”, be they victims, prisoner’s family or friend, the local community or just interested people.
All (almost all!) prisons fail to do this is any meaningful way, with the reason being either mythical security issues or, more often, the simple inability to publish information without being criticised by the media at either end of the political/social spectrum means they “don’t bother”.
The MoJ press office handles the “major” incidents, ( almost always either “bad” news such as riots, death in custody, escapes/abscondements or political issues) but the “good news” like charity fund raising, Restorative Justice projects, exam success etc, and simple factual updates like changes in visiting hours, rules for bring in clothes for prisoners etc never get published.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Lindholme prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Humber prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wealstun, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wakefield, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.965979
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.960542
Retrieved Text: Supercut of the Day: Run That B-Roll! Shots of Seinfeld Where Nothing is Happening - The Daily What - Daily Dose of WHAT?
The show is about nothing and now nothing is happening.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.946015
Retrieved Text: Our Newsletter is published monthly and is mailed to residents with their utility bills around the first day of each month. Learn what is happening in town!
Here is what is happening in Huntsville now!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.927109
Retrieved Text: When we are mindful, we deliberately slow down to notice what is happening inside us (our thoughts, feelings, and body sensations), and what is happening outside of us, in our environment. The intention is to see things as they are, rather than as they used to be or as we wish they could be.
The good news is that the development of mindfulness helps us notice our emotions without being triggered by them. It moves us from living on automatic pilot to pausing and paying deliberate attention to what is happening in the now.
Teaching Mindfulness in the Classroom assists teachers in being able to allow students to be in the moment.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.914451
Retrieved Text: Interested in what happening in Bee Fields Farm?
Want to know what is happening through the seasons?
To read past issues of our newsletter, click here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.841131
Retrieved Text: Can you hear how presumptuous I’m being? How I’m assuming things are going to happen, how I’m asking ‘When’ instead of ‘Have’ and I’m assuming that things will be happening rather than wondering. I’m presuming things which is a very subtle and very effective way of asking for what you want as if it’s already happening.
You’re coming at your requests, questions, enquiries from certainty rather than possibility that that is a very powerful stance to take. It has the effect of by-passing the if something is going to happen and going straight to the place of it happening but without doubt.
Let me explain. As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing. Now you know I’m not saying you ride roughshod over people to get things done, of course not – I’m a true advocate of relationship building and of give and take – what I am saying though is that instead of leaving wiggle room you go straight for the energy of ‘this is happening already’. It makes you more assertive and it’s a natural way of asking for what you want which is always my intention for you to sparkle at work by being true to yourself. And being intentional, certain and committed at the same time.
As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing.
When you presuppose something, when you presume something is already happening and you use your language to convey it and what happens

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.840656
Retrieved Text: To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: March News. .
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: February Newsletter.
News from January. Click on the image to read about what has been happening.
Our fourth graders have worked an an amazing PBL called “Campaign for Kindness”. You can read what one of our photojournalists said about it here: Kopser Article and watch a video here: Kindness Video.
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: October Newsletter.
Check out what your kids are doing!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.801096
Retrieved Text: How would you like to be free from suffering? That sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Well, it is absolutely possible if you are willing to give up your thoughts that are creating your suffering. I know that you know that you do not have total control over what happens in your life. And I know you know that there is what happens and then there is how you respond to what is happening.
Your thoughts and judgments about what is happening (or isn’t happening) is most likely causing you far more angst than what is actually happening. The awesome news is that is you have 100% control over your thoughts even when you have 0% control over a current situation.
You create suffering whenever you become invested in a desired outcome, plan or opinion. It is the opposite of acceptance and surrender – where there is NO suffering.
Consider that you are creating suffering because you are buying into some assumption. For example, if you are suffering from being single you are probably buying into the belief that being with a partner would be better. How do you know? Or perhaps you are suffering over your finances and think money would relieve all your stress. Again, how do you know?
Perhaps everything that is happening right now is the way it is because you are exactly where you need to be to learn what you need to learn and manifest what your Higher Self (not your ego) truly desires. And perhaps there is more joy, peace and abundance right in front

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.785707
Retrieved Text: Check Out What is Happening At MOSI this September!
Hey everyone, Alex here to let you know what is happening at MOSI this September.
Check back with us often for more information on Tampa Bay Museums, Tampa Bay Attractions and fun Things To Do In Tampa Bay!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.772973
Retrieved Text: A Republican typically is supposed to carry Indiana and Kentucky.
If he ties in the national race, he is supposed to win each of these two states by 9 points apiece.
So what is happening in these two states?
With 13 percent of the vote in, McCain is winning Indiana by 3 points, 5 less than he should.
But he is winning Kentucky, with 14 percent of the vote, by 11 points — 2 points more than he should.
We need to watch these two states closely.
Once half or more of the vote is in, and we can begin to figure out what is happening, they should give us a clue to what is happening nationally.
Kentucky could be biased against Obama because of his comments about bankrupting the coal industry yesterday.
But results there may suggest this might not be the Obama juggernaut everyone thought.
Let's watch these two states to figure out what is going on.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.770954
Retrieved Text: The “Spiritual Meanings” of what’s happening in the uncertain world you are now living in, the guidance in it for you, and your part in it.
66 years ago, Linda’s spirit guides presented her with a view of a world in distress; one where people lived in fear, unable to hang on, and her part in it. That world is now upon you.
… has caused you to seek enlightenment about something you haven’t learned or possibly don’t remember. Deep inside you know you were chosen to be here in this life right now and feel inspired to take action to raise your own consciousness and that of others … the ones who can be reached.
Confusion about what’s really happening in the world is what moves you to seek the “spiritual meanings” of events. From this connected perspective, you can begin to see through the confusion. This is what you have been missing. It’s an intelligence and a language that brings clarity, not fear. It’s a place where you have power.
Until now, you didn’t know how to interpret it, so you ignored it.
Consequently, you got caught up in what was happening in just this world, allowing it to scare and control you. The price was a disconnection from your true self and your guidance.
Only when the fear is released can your Spirit Guides and Angels reach you. The “Spiritual Meanings” in Linda’s Weekly Guided Insights move you past the fear and confusion, as you restore a connection you lost long ago.
Nobody here in this world, even paid professionals,

================



======= Instance Index 17382 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Shoes that are not a necessity are not supposed to happen this next year . However , I loved them enough to have the internal debate ... and decided that if Keith agreed on the purchase , they would be mine . I called him at work , but got no answer , and assumed that was an omen . Keith and I were back in Macy 's a few days ago , running a few errands .
Question: What is happening ?
Options: 
- The woman wants to buy an expensive pair of shoes .
 - The woman wants to buy a new outfit .
 - None of the above choices .
 - The woman wants to buy her husband a pair of shoes .

Target Text: The woman wants to buy an expensive pair of shoes .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.700968
Retrieved Text: What’s happening to my Free Hosting Service?
Why are some functions in VIPControl not working or missing for me?
When will I be migrated over to VentraIP?
What is happening to my Windows Shared hosting service?
What is happening to the plan I’m on with Servers Australia?
What happens if I’ve prepaid for my hosting?
What’s happening with my Credit Card information?
Whats happening to my Domain names?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.56595
Retrieved Text: (Solved) Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
What is happening to the electrical potential of a neuron when it generates an action potential?
Solved What channels open during the plateau phase of the cardiac contractile cell action potential?
Solved Describe the pathway of the action potential through the cardiac conduction system.
Solved Briefly describe what is happening at stage of the ECG labeled 5 in the diagram.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.520155
Retrieved Text: “You go first”, one partner inevitably says to the other. It’s usually the man who doesn’t want to underestimate and thereby offend the woman he’ll go home with after the session. Sometimes a bit of persuasion is necessary. “We’re confident that this process can help you to get to a better place, but we’re going to need a baseline to understand where you are now. Anything higher than a 0 means that there is something good happening in your marriage, but anything less than 10 means there is room for improvement. So, let’s get to it. Write down your number and get ready to explain what is happening that is good and what isn’t happening yet that you would like.” The emphasis on what is good and the invitation to envision the good to come seems to reassure the couple enough that they become willing to share.
A gentleman I met recently divorced after being married twenty years. “I never thought it could happen to us”, he said. “But somehow we lost focus on us along the way. We got wrapped up on work and kids activities and slowly lost us. Now, I constantly ask guys to evaluate their marriage on a scale of 1-10. If they say 7 or less, I tell them that they’d better do something about it.” Hmmm.
How would you rate your marriage? How do the couples you’re serving rate theirs? What is happening that enables them to say 1 or higher? What is not yet happening that keeps them from saying 10?
After

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.388775
Retrieved Text: Project Thrive provided us with the opportunity to have a conversation with our communities and listen to what you had to say. To keep our communities informed we bring you "Keeping It Central" which appears in the CHB Mail every week.
What's happening in CHB this week. This week we ask you to have your say with the Wastewater Public Survey and give you your options regarding rating Valuations.
What's happening in CHB this week. AA Services start at Waipukurau Library this week and we talk about our new contractors Smart Environmental.
What's happening around CHB this week. Community Planning commences with work on the Takapau Community Plan about to begin.
What's happening around CHB this week. Come and chat with us about the 2019-2020 Annual Plan. We talk about the recent composting workshop held in Waipawa.
What's happening around CHB this week. Know what you need to do if you have a swimming pool. We host Free Diver William Trubridge.
What's happening around CHB this week. We talk about the importance of recycling and introduce you to our new Animal Control Officer.
What's happening around CHB this week. Tama Bucknell and the Inspire Youth Council were on hand to talk about "Tools for Teenagers" and we let you know about the planned works for the Waipukurau Tukituki River Bridge.
What's happening in CHB this week. Work begins on the CHB Multi Turf and our Community Development Officer Christine tells us about the street by street barbeques.
What's happening around CHB this week. We are all about consultation and the Long Term Plan (LTP) 2018

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.360476
Retrieved Text: Home / Lifestyle / Tatafo / What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
The photo above has gone viral with so many people wondering what the photo depicts.
Some said the middle Lady might be a bride-to-be having fun at her bridal shower while others opposed it, saying that the ladies are a group of Lesbians having fun.
What say you? What do you think is happening?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.249723
Retrieved Text: Get the latest news on Terengganu Cycling Team (TSG) right here.
Who is Terrengganu Cycling Team (TSG)?
Let us help you to get to know TSG better.
Have you ever wondered who are the people behind TSG?
See what is happening with TSG from January to February 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from March to April 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from May to June 2018!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.248354
Retrieved Text: What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?
What’s Happening at the MakerSpace? Wednesday Night Workshops What is the MakerSpace? It is is an interdisciplinary space on campus open to all students, faculty, and staff. What does it have? It has a full wood shop and digital … Continue reading What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.245546
Retrieved Text: This was reported a few years ago as well. I remember it was the Obarry-era and it was when the Youtube Truthers were reporting on Jade Helm and this was happening; Very ODD! What is happening? What is happening to our earth? Is it dying?
The birds and fish SURELY ARE!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.196854
Retrieved Text: Discover Waterville – The place to find out what is happening in our community!
The Place to Find Out What is Happening in Our Community!
Managed by the Waterville Area Chamber of Commerce, Discover Waterville is a site made to highlight the area activities. We live in a vibrant community of diverse activities and we want to have one place to find out what is happening in our community.
*A calendar for events open to the public!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.190907
Retrieved Text: Visit the Sabot National Association.
Keep yourself updated on what's happening in the world of the US Sabot class.
Visit the Capri 14.2 National Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 14.2 class.
Visit the Coronado 15 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 15 class.
Visit the new Catalina 18 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 18 class.
Visit the Catalina 22 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 22 class.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 25/250 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Capri 26 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 27/270 world.
Visit the Catalina 28 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 28 class.
Visit the Catalina 30 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 30 class.
Visit the Catalina 320 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 320 class.
Visit the extensive Catalina 34 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 34 class.
Visit the Catalina 36 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 36 class.
Visit the Catalina 380 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 380 class.
Visit the Catalina 400 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 400 class.
Visit the Catalina 42 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 42 class.
Looking for something quiet,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.13732
Retrieved Text: Real Estate Prices Falling in Capital Cities But What is Happening in The Regions?
But What is Happening in The Regions?
What Can Happen When Property Maintenance is Neglected?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.118828
Retrieved Text: Give up on control. Give up on trying. Give up on trying to change the experience by controlling it. Because you can’t. You can only observe the happening of everything. Can you allow yourself to observe without interfering with whatever is happening right now? Can you allow your mind to rest now?
We are all helpless to the now. It is our natural state. Think about it, we can control our physical bodies movement, but we can’t turn on or off any of its functionality. We can make actions and say words but we can’t guarantee or predict their outcome, 100 percent.
Whatever is happening is here for us to be a part of as observers. Even when we are busy, working, exercising, a part of our being is in the background, observing the happening. Our observing of what is happening is effortless up to a point that we disapprove of it.
How can you disapprove of something that is already happening? You can, by ignoring and trying to fix it, right there as it is happening. But you’re too late to the party. Because you cannot change what is already now. You can only contract your body out of frustration, clench your teeth in anger, run endless loops of thoughts in your mind stressing yourself, refusing the already, the now, the happening.
Recently I found myself stuck in an emotional state. I thought that I was ready to do something, when in fact I wasn’t. But since I wanted very passionately to be able to do that something I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.080862
Retrieved Text: Last Post: Hook 'em Horns!
Last Post: What is happening at Little Elm??
What is happening at Little Elm??

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.069086
Retrieved Text: What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Home » That! Blog » SMM - Social Media Marketing » What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Are you curious about what your friends on Facebook are liking right this second?
Facebook is testing a new news feed feature that will let Facebook users see what their friends are liking, sharing and commenting on in real time.
It’s called the Happening Now sidebar. The sidebar will appear in the column on the right side of the news feed page, giving smaller bite size samples of comments, shared content and status updates.
What are your thoughts on the new side bar? Will it make it easier for you to keep track of your friends?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.008784
Retrieved Text: Home / Analysis / Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?
Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.995844
Retrieved Text: Happiness is not in what is happening; it is in how I process what is happening.
Anger does not change the fact. The will to take control is everything.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.972806
Retrieved Text: North Olympic Peninsula NOW – It’s happening here, It’s happening NOW.
It's happening here, It's happening NOW.
Embracing technology to connect people and discuss what is important to us in the communities we love.
Have an upcoming event you would like to share here? Please click the button below to start your submission.
We love this neck of the woods, and would like to create a centralized and condensed place where people can go to see what is happening around us. Events, shows, classes, meet-ups, nightlife etc; this is a small sampling of the type of content we would like to present at a glance.
We want everyone to feel a part of this online community just as we are a part of the communities we live in. The forums will play a large role for sharing ideas, and connecting people and services. Be sure to check them out by clicking the link on the left.
Whether you live in Port Angeles, Sequim, Forks, Joyce, in a shack somewhere in our beautiful backdrop, or just looking to explore what this region has to offer, this is the place for you.
Click this button to send an email to us, and get your event on the front page.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.971805
Retrieved Text: • Reflect: what is happening in my practice?
• Identify: where is this happening?
• Any questions, comments or queries?
• Losing sight of purpose: which is???
which is planning for learning.
• So what are learning outcomes?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.967474
Retrieved Text: All prisons, like any institution, should communicate with their “clients”, be they victims, prisoner’s family or friend, the local community or just interested people.
All (almost all!) prisons fail to do this is any meaningful way, with the reason being either mythical security issues or, more often, the simple inability to publish information without being criticised by the media at either end of the political/social spectrum means they “don’t bother”.
The MoJ press office handles the “major” incidents, ( almost always either “bad” news such as riots, death in custody, escapes/abscondements or political issues) but the “good news” like charity fund raising, Restorative Justice projects, exam success etc, and simple factual updates like changes in visiting hours, rules for bring in clothes for prisoners etc never get published.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Lindholme prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Humber prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wealstun, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wakefield, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.965979
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.960542
Retrieved Text: Supercut of the Day: Run That B-Roll! Shots of Seinfeld Where Nothing is Happening - The Daily What - Daily Dose of WHAT?
The show is about nothing and now nothing is happening.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.946015
Retrieved Text: Our Newsletter is published monthly and is mailed to residents with their utility bills around the first day of each month. Learn what is happening in town!
Here is what is happening in Huntsville now!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.927109
Retrieved Text: When we are mindful, we deliberately slow down to notice what is happening inside us (our thoughts, feelings, and body sensations), and what is happening outside of us, in our environment. The intention is to see things as they are, rather than as they used to be or as we wish they could be.
The good news is that the development of mindfulness helps us notice our emotions without being triggered by them. It moves us from living on automatic pilot to pausing and paying deliberate attention to what is happening in the now.
Teaching Mindfulness in the Classroom assists teachers in being able to allow students to be in the moment.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.914451
Retrieved Text: Interested in what happening in Bee Fields Farm?
Want to know what is happening through the seasons?
To read past issues of our newsletter, click here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.841131
Retrieved Text: Can you hear how presumptuous I’m being? How I’m assuming things are going to happen, how I’m asking ‘When’ instead of ‘Have’ and I’m assuming that things will be happening rather than wondering. I’m presuming things which is a very subtle and very effective way of asking for what you want as if it’s already happening.
You’re coming at your requests, questions, enquiries from certainty rather than possibility that that is a very powerful stance to take. It has the effect of by-passing the if something is going to happen and going straight to the place of it happening but without doubt.
Let me explain. As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing. Now you know I’m not saying you ride roughshod over people to get things done, of course not – I’m a true advocate of relationship building and of give and take – what I am saying though is that instead of leaving wiggle room you go straight for the energy of ‘this is happening already’. It makes you more assertive and it’s a natural way of asking for what you want which is always my intention for you to sparkle at work by being true to yourself. And being intentional, certain and committed at the same time.
As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing.
When you presuppose something, when you presume something is already happening and you use your language to convey it and what happens

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.840656
Retrieved Text: To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: March News. .
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: February Newsletter.
News from January. Click on the image to read about what has been happening.
Our fourth graders have worked an an amazing PBL called “Campaign for Kindness”. You can read what one of our photojournalists said about it here: Kopser Article and watch a video here: Kindness Video.
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: October Newsletter.
Check out what your kids are doing!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.801096
Retrieved Text: How would you like to be free from suffering? That sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Well, it is absolutely possible if you are willing to give up your thoughts that are creating your suffering. I know that you know that you do not have total control over what happens in your life. And I know you know that there is what happens and then there is how you respond to what is happening.
Your thoughts and judgments about what is happening (or isn’t happening) is most likely causing you far more angst than what is actually happening. The awesome news is that is you have 100% control over your thoughts even when you have 0% control over a current situation.
You create suffering whenever you become invested in a desired outcome, plan or opinion. It is the opposite of acceptance and surrender – where there is NO suffering.
Consider that you are creating suffering because you are buying into some assumption. For example, if you are suffering from being single you are probably buying into the belief that being with a partner would be better. How do you know? Or perhaps you are suffering over your finances and think money would relieve all your stress. Again, how do you know?
Perhaps everything that is happening right now is the way it is because you are exactly where you need to be to learn what you need to learn and manifest what your Higher Self (not your ego) truly desires. And perhaps there is more joy, peace and abundance right in front

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.785707
Retrieved Text: Check Out What is Happening At MOSI this September!
Hey everyone, Alex here to let you know what is happening at MOSI this September.
Check back with us often for more information on Tampa Bay Museums, Tampa Bay Attractions and fun Things To Do In Tampa Bay!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.772973
Retrieved Text: A Republican typically is supposed to carry Indiana and Kentucky.
If he ties in the national race, he is supposed to win each of these two states by 9 points apiece.
So what is happening in these two states?
With 13 percent of the vote in, McCain is winning Indiana by 3 points, 5 less than he should.
But he is winning Kentucky, with 14 percent of the vote, by 11 points — 2 points more than he should.
We need to watch these two states closely.
Once half or more of the vote is in, and we can begin to figure out what is happening, they should give us a clue to what is happening nationally.
Kentucky could be biased against Obama because of his comments about bankrupting the coal industry yesterday.
But results there may suggest this might not be the Obama juggernaut everyone thought.
Let's watch these two states to figure out what is going on.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.770954
Retrieved Text: The “Spiritual Meanings” of what’s happening in the uncertain world you are now living in, the guidance in it for you, and your part in it.
66 years ago, Linda’s spirit guides presented her with a view of a world in distress; one where people lived in fear, unable to hang on, and her part in it. That world is now upon you.
… has caused you to seek enlightenment about something you haven’t learned or possibly don’t remember. Deep inside you know you were chosen to be here in this life right now and feel inspired to take action to raise your own consciousness and that of others … the ones who can be reached.
Confusion about what’s really happening in the world is what moves you to seek the “spiritual meanings” of events. From this connected perspective, you can begin to see through the confusion. This is what you have been missing. It’s an intelligence and a language that brings clarity, not fear. It’s a place where you have power.
Until now, you didn’t know how to interpret it, so you ignored it.
Consequently, you got caught up in what was happening in just this world, allowing it to scare and control you. The price was a disconnection from your true self and your guidance.
Only when the fear is released can your Spirit Guides and Angels reach you. The “Spiritual Meanings” in Linda’s Weekly Guided Insights move you past the fear and confusion, as you restore a connection you lost long ago.
Nobody here in this world, even paid professionals,

================



======= Instance Index 17383 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: Shoes that are not a necessity are not supposed to happen this next year . However , I loved them enough to have the internal debate ... and decided that if Keith agreed on the purchase , they would be mine . I called him at work , but got no answer , and assumed that was an omen . Keith and I were back in Macy 's a few days ago , running a few errands .
Question: What is happening ?
Options: 
- The woman wants to buy a new outfit .
 - The woman wants to buy her husband a pair of shoes .
 - The woman is about to ask her husband is she can buy a pair of shoes .
 - None of the above choices .

Target Text: The woman is about to ask her husband is she can buy a pair of shoes .

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.700968
Retrieved Text: What’s happening to my Free Hosting Service?
Why are some functions in VIPControl not working or missing for me?
When will I be migrated over to VentraIP?
What is happening to my Windows Shared hosting service?
What is happening to the plan I’m on with Servers Australia?
What happens if I’ve prepaid for my hosting?
What’s happening with my Credit Card information?
Whats happening to my Domain names?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.56595
Retrieved Text: (Solved) Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
Describe what is happening during the phase of the cardiac action potential labeled 2 in the diagram.
What is happening to the electrical potential of a neuron when it generates an action potential?
Solved What channels open during the plateau phase of the cardiac contractile cell action potential?
Solved Describe the pathway of the action potential through the cardiac conduction system.
Solved Briefly describe what is happening at stage of the ECG labeled 5 in the diagram.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.520155
Retrieved Text: “You go first”, one partner inevitably says to the other. It’s usually the man who doesn’t want to underestimate and thereby offend the woman he’ll go home with after the session. Sometimes a bit of persuasion is necessary. “We’re confident that this process can help you to get to a better place, but we’re going to need a baseline to understand where you are now. Anything higher than a 0 means that there is something good happening in your marriage, but anything less than 10 means there is room for improvement. So, let’s get to it. Write down your number and get ready to explain what is happening that is good and what isn’t happening yet that you would like.” The emphasis on what is good and the invitation to envision the good to come seems to reassure the couple enough that they become willing to share.
A gentleman I met recently divorced after being married twenty years. “I never thought it could happen to us”, he said. “But somehow we lost focus on us along the way. We got wrapped up on work and kids activities and slowly lost us. Now, I constantly ask guys to evaluate their marriage on a scale of 1-10. If they say 7 or less, I tell them that they’d better do something about it.” Hmmm.
How would you rate your marriage? How do the couples you’re serving rate theirs? What is happening that enables them to say 1 or higher? What is not yet happening that keeps them from saying 10?
After

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.388775
Retrieved Text: Project Thrive provided us with the opportunity to have a conversation with our communities and listen to what you had to say. To keep our communities informed we bring you "Keeping It Central" which appears in the CHB Mail every week.
What's happening in CHB this week. This week we ask you to have your say with the Wastewater Public Survey and give you your options regarding rating Valuations.
What's happening in CHB this week. AA Services start at Waipukurau Library this week and we talk about our new contractors Smart Environmental.
What's happening around CHB this week. Community Planning commences with work on the Takapau Community Plan about to begin.
What's happening around CHB this week. Come and chat with us about the 2019-2020 Annual Plan. We talk about the recent composting workshop held in Waipawa.
What's happening around CHB this week. Know what you need to do if you have a swimming pool. We host Free Diver William Trubridge.
What's happening around CHB this week. We talk about the importance of recycling and introduce you to our new Animal Control Officer.
What's happening around CHB this week. Tama Bucknell and the Inspire Youth Council were on hand to talk about "Tools for Teenagers" and we let you know about the planned works for the Waipukurau Tukituki River Bridge.
What's happening in CHB this week. Work begins on the CHB Multi Turf and our Community Development Officer Christine tells us about the street by street barbeques.
What's happening around CHB this week. We are all about consultation and the Long Term Plan (LTP) 2018

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.360476
Retrieved Text: Home / Lifestyle / Tatafo / What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
What Is Happening Here? Bridal Shower Abi Lesbians?
The photo above has gone viral with so many people wondering what the photo depicts.
Some said the middle Lady might be a bride-to-be having fun at her bridal shower while others opposed it, saying that the ladies are a group of Lesbians having fun.
What say you? What do you think is happening?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.249723
Retrieved Text: Get the latest news on Terengganu Cycling Team (TSG) right here.
Who is Terrengganu Cycling Team (TSG)?
Let us help you to get to know TSG better.
Have you ever wondered who are the people behind TSG?
See what is happening with TSG from January to February 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from March to April 2018!
See what is happening for TSG team from May to June 2018!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.248354
Retrieved Text: What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?
What’s Happening at the MakerSpace? Wednesday Night Workshops What is the MakerSpace? It is is an interdisciplinary space on campus open to all students, faculty, and staff. What does it have? It has a full wood shop and digital … Continue reading What’s Happening at the MakerSpace?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.245546
Retrieved Text: This was reported a few years ago as well. I remember it was the Obarry-era and it was when the Youtube Truthers were reporting on Jade Helm and this was happening; Very ODD! What is happening? What is happening to our earth? Is it dying?
The birds and fish SURELY ARE!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.196854
Retrieved Text: Discover Waterville – The place to find out what is happening in our community!
The Place to Find Out What is Happening in Our Community!
Managed by the Waterville Area Chamber of Commerce, Discover Waterville is a site made to highlight the area activities. We live in a vibrant community of diverse activities and we want to have one place to find out what is happening in our community.
*A calendar for events open to the public!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.190907
Retrieved Text: Visit the Sabot National Association.
Keep yourself updated on what's happening in the world of the US Sabot class.
Visit the Capri 14.2 National Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 14.2 class.
Visit the Coronado 15 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Coronado 15 class.
Visit the new Catalina 18 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 18 class.
Visit the Catalina 22 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 22 class.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 25/250 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Capri 26 world.
information and "whats happening" in the Catalina 27/270 world.
Visit the Catalina 28 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 28 class.
Visit the Catalina 30 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 30 class.
Visit the Catalina 320 Class Association.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 320 class.
Visit the extensive Catalina 34 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 34 class.
Visit the Catalina 36 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 36 class.
Visit the Catalina 380 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 380 class.
Visit the Catalina 400 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 400 class.
Visit the Catalina 42 Class Association website.
Keep updated on what's happening in the world of the Catalina 42 class.
Looking for something quiet,

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.13732
Retrieved Text: Real Estate Prices Falling in Capital Cities But What is Happening in The Regions?
But What is Happening in The Regions?
What Can Happen When Property Maintenance is Neglected?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.118828
Retrieved Text: Give up on control. Give up on trying. Give up on trying to change the experience by controlling it. Because you can’t. You can only observe the happening of everything. Can you allow yourself to observe without interfering with whatever is happening right now? Can you allow your mind to rest now?
We are all helpless to the now. It is our natural state. Think about it, we can control our physical bodies movement, but we can’t turn on or off any of its functionality. We can make actions and say words but we can’t guarantee or predict their outcome, 100 percent.
Whatever is happening is here for us to be a part of as observers. Even when we are busy, working, exercising, a part of our being is in the background, observing the happening. Our observing of what is happening is effortless up to a point that we disapprove of it.
How can you disapprove of something that is already happening? You can, by ignoring and trying to fix it, right there as it is happening. But you’re too late to the party. Because you cannot change what is already now. You can only contract your body out of frustration, clench your teeth in anger, run endless loops of thoughts in your mind stressing yourself, refusing the already, the now, the happening.
Recently I found myself stuck in an emotional state. I thought that I was ready to do something, when in fact I wasn’t. But since I wanted very passionately to be able to do that something I

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.080862
Retrieved Text: Last Post: Hook 'em Horns!
Last Post: What is happening at Little Elm??
What is happening at Little Elm??

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.069086
Retrieved Text: What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Home » That! Blog » SMM - Social Media Marketing » What is Happening Now on Facebook?
Are you curious about what your friends on Facebook are liking right this second?
Facebook is testing a new news feed feature that will let Facebook users see what their friends are liking, sharing and commenting on in real time.
It’s called the Happening Now sidebar. The sidebar will appear in the column on the right side of the news feed page, giving smaller bite size samples of comments, shared content and status updates.
What are your thoughts on the new side bar? Will it make it easier for you to keep track of your friends?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 11.008784
Retrieved Text: Home / Analysis / Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?
Is Bitcoin (BTC) At The Verge Of Recovering? What Exactly Is Happening With BTC?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.995844
Retrieved Text: Happiness is not in what is happening; it is in how I process what is happening.
Anger does not change the fact. The will to take control is everything.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.972806
Retrieved Text: North Olympic Peninsula NOW – It’s happening here, It’s happening NOW.
It's happening here, It's happening NOW.
Embracing technology to connect people and discuss what is important to us in the communities we love.
Have an upcoming event you would like to share here? Please click the button below to start your submission.
We love this neck of the woods, and would like to create a centralized and condensed place where people can go to see what is happening around us. Events, shows, classes, meet-ups, nightlife etc; this is a small sampling of the type of content we would like to present at a glance.
We want everyone to feel a part of this online community just as we are a part of the communities we live in. The forums will play a large role for sharing ideas, and connecting people and services. Be sure to check them out by clicking the link on the left.
Whether you live in Port Angeles, Sequim, Forks, Joyce, in a shack somewhere in our beautiful backdrop, or just looking to explore what this region has to offer, this is the place for you.
Click this button to send an email to us, and get your event on the front page.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.971805
Retrieved Text: • Reflect: what is happening in my practice?
• Identify: where is this happening?
• Any questions, comments or queries?
• Losing sight of purpose: which is???
which is planning for learning.
• So what are learning outcomes?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.967474
Retrieved Text: All prisons, like any institution, should communicate with their “clients”, be they victims, prisoner’s family or friend, the local community or just interested people.
All (almost all!) prisons fail to do this is any meaningful way, with the reason being either mythical security issues or, more often, the simple inability to publish information without being criticised by the media at either end of the political/social spectrum means they “don’t bother”.
The MoJ press office handles the “major” incidents, ( almost always either “bad” news such as riots, death in custody, escapes/abscondements or political issues) but the “good news” like charity fund raising, Restorative Justice projects, exam success etc, and simple factual updates like changes in visiting hours, rules for bring in clothes for prisoners etc never get published.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Lindholme prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Humber prison, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wealstun, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
If you want to keep up to date with what is happening at Wakefield, just click here and we will send you a quick note whenever anything new is added to this page.
What

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.965979
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.960542
Retrieved Text: Supercut of the Day: Run That B-Roll! Shots of Seinfeld Where Nothing is Happening - The Daily What - Daily Dose of WHAT?
The show is about nothing and now nothing is happening.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.946015
Retrieved Text: Our Newsletter is published monthly and is mailed to residents with their utility bills around the first day of each month. Learn what is happening in town!
Here is what is happening in Huntsville now!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.927109
Retrieved Text: When we are mindful, we deliberately slow down to notice what is happening inside us (our thoughts, feelings, and body sensations), and what is happening outside of us, in our environment. The intention is to see things as they are, rather than as they used to be or as we wish they could be.
The good news is that the development of mindfulness helps us notice our emotions without being triggered by them. It moves us from living on automatic pilot to pausing and paying deliberate attention to what is happening in the now.
Teaching Mindfulness in the Classroom assists teachers in being able to allow students to be in the moment.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.914451
Retrieved Text: Interested in what happening in Bee Fields Farm?
Want to know what is happening through the seasons?
To read past issues of our newsletter, click here.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.841131
Retrieved Text: Can you hear how presumptuous I’m being? How I’m assuming things are going to happen, how I’m asking ‘When’ instead of ‘Have’ and I’m assuming that things will be happening rather than wondering. I’m presuming things which is a very subtle and very effective way of asking for what you want as if it’s already happening.
You’re coming at your requests, questions, enquiries from certainty rather than possibility that that is a very powerful stance to take. It has the effect of by-passing the if something is going to happen and going straight to the place of it happening but without doubt.
Let me explain. As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing. Now you know I’m not saying you ride roughshod over people to get things done, of course not – I’m a true advocate of relationship building and of give and take – what I am saying though is that instead of leaving wiggle room you go straight for the energy of ‘this is happening already’. It makes you more assertive and it’s a natural way of asking for what you want which is always my intention for you to sparkle at work by being true to yourself. And being intentional, certain and committed at the same time.
As women, we’re often more concerned in people pleasing and being liked than we are with actually implementing.
When you presuppose something, when you presume something is already happening and you use your language to convey it and what happens

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.840656
Retrieved Text: To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: March News. .
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: February Newsletter.
News from January. Click on the image to read about what has been happening.
Our fourth graders have worked an an amazing PBL called “Campaign for Kindness”. You can read what one of our photojournalists said about it here: Kopser Article and watch a video here: Kindness Video.
To to read about what’s been happening in 4th Grade, click here: October Newsletter.
Check out what your kids are doing!

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.801096
Retrieved Text: How would you like to be free from suffering? That sounds incredible, doesn’t it? Well, it is absolutely possible if you are willing to give up your thoughts that are creating your suffering. I know that you know that you do not have total control over what happens in your life. And I know you know that there is what happens and then there is how you respond to what is happening.
Your thoughts and judgments about what is happening (or isn’t happening) is most likely causing you far more angst than what is actually happening. The awesome news is that is you have 100% control over your thoughts even when you have 0% control over a current situation.
You create suffering whenever you become invested in a desired outcome, plan or opinion. It is the opposite of acceptance and surrender – where there is NO suffering.
Consider that you are creating suffering because you are buying into some assumption. For example, if you are suffering from being single you are probably buying into the belief that being with a partner would be better. How do you know? Or perhaps you are suffering over your finances and think money would relieve all your stress. Again, how do you know?
Perhaps everything that is happening right now is the way it is because you are exactly where you need to be to learn what you need to learn and manifest what your Higher Self (not your ego) truly desires. And perhaps there is more joy, peace and abundance right in front

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.785707
Retrieved Text: Check Out What is Happening At MOSI this September!
Hey everyone, Alex here to let you know what is happening at MOSI this September.
Check back with us often for more information on Tampa Bay Museums, Tampa Bay Attractions and fun Things To Do In Tampa Bay!

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.772973
Retrieved Text: A Republican typically is supposed to carry Indiana and Kentucky.
If he ties in the national race, he is supposed to win each of these two states by 9 points apiece.
So what is happening in these two states?
With 13 percent of the vote in, McCain is winning Indiana by 3 points, 5 less than he should.
But he is winning Kentucky, with 14 percent of the vote, by 11 points — 2 points more than he should.
We need to watch these two states closely.
Once half or more of the vote is in, and we can begin to figure out what is happening, they should give us a clue to what is happening nationally.
Kentucky could be biased against Obama because of his comments about bankrupting the coal industry yesterday.
But results there may suggest this might not be the Obama juggernaut everyone thought.
Let's watch these two states to figure out what is going on.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.770954
Retrieved Text: The “Spiritual Meanings” of what’s happening in the uncertain world you are now living in, the guidance in it for you, and your part in it.
66 years ago, Linda’s spirit guides presented her with a view of a world in distress; one where people lived in fear, unable to hang on, and her part in it. That world is now upon you.
… has caused you to seek enlightenment about something you haven’t learned or possibly don’t remember. Deep inside you know you were chosen to be here in this life right now and feel inspired to take action to raise your own consciousness and that of others … the ones who can be reached.
Confusion about what’s really happening in the world is what moves you to seek the “spiritual meanings” of events. From this connected perspective, you can begin to see through the confusion. This is what you have been missing. It’s an intelligence and a language that brings clarity, not fear. It’s a place where you have power.
Until now, you didn’t know how to interpret it, so you ignored it.
Consequently, you got caught up in what was happening in just this world, allowing it to scare and control you. The price was a disconnection from your true self and your guidance.
Only when the fear is released can your Spirit Guides and Angels reach you. The “Spiritual Meanings” in Linda’s Weekly Guided Insights move you past the fear and confusion, as you restore a connection you lost long ago.
Nobody here in this world, even paid professionals,

================



======= Instance Index 10233 =========
Input Text: Read the following context and choose the best option to answer the question.
Context: LOL And my colleagues fooling around while waiting for the pizza lunch . haha~ Oh ... by the way , I was asked to pick 4 lucky numbers during the praying session . And i picked 7485 and we bought ibet with 24 hits de ... and guess what ? We won ! ! !
Question: Where were these people ?
Options: 
- None of the above choices .
 - At a grocery store
 - In a church
 - At home

Target Text: In a church

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 11.737512
Retrieved Text: When you were growing up did you have friends who were white people? If yes what are the things you did together? Where did you play - whose house? What messages did you get from your parents about these friendships (remember silence can also be a message)? What messages (remember messages can be subtle or not so subtle) did you get from your white friend's parents about these friendships?
When you were growing up did you have friends who were aboriginal people? If yes what are the things you did together? Where did you play - whose house? What messages did you get from your parents about these friendships? What messages did you get from your friend's parents about these friendships?
What are some other thoughts about your exposure or lack of exposure to childhood experiences with other aboriginal people?
Do you have white people who are friends? If yes, what are the ethnic/cultural heritages of the white people included in your friends?
Do you have people of colour who are friends? If yes, what do you know about the ethnic/cultural heritages of the people of colour who are your friends?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 11.657167
Retrieved Text: How many people were born before you?
How many people have been alive when you were born?
How many of them lived in cities?
What was there gender and age structure?
How many people were born/died since you were born?
How many species of all known species have become extinct since you were born?
Where are you on a global scale of age?
How old have you been or will you be at the “billion-steps” of population growth?
These interesting statistics are also provided for the continent, the country and the city where you were born or where you live now if you answered these questions in the form at the beginning.
By the way. During I wrote this post the worlds population grew by 15.000.
This entry was posted in Gaining new Perspectives and tagged Culture, Internet, Statistics, United Nations, Web, World by Marcus Bremer. Bookmark the permalink.
Thanks for linking to this, a fun and interesting interesting website.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 11.334068
Retrieved Text: Traditional owner and long-time Cockburn resident Reverend Sealin Garlett recounts the following story which relates to the creation by the Waarkle of the whole of the coastal plain and its lakes and waterways.
There was one man who had a dream, and this man’s name was Boornyarri who dreamed that this big spirit, in the form of the Waarkle, came to him and said, “we are going to water (flood) this place. You know this is koorndan; this is shame what these fellas are doing because, when other people heard about it, they kept coming down. There were a lot of little kids who were deformed and a lot of kids were neglected and a lot of these old people were affected by this drink. Boornyarri and a few people who were left and not drinking this stuff, began to feel ashamed about what was taking place.
So Boornyarri went away. He was worried that hardly anyone listened to him. Later, this Waarkle, this old fella, came back again and he said that the creator has got seven people with you; there are going to be seven altogether. There are going to be three women and there is going to be four men and, Boornyarri, you have to lead. Tell these fellas, get them together, tell them don’t touch any of that plant and keep talking to your people. But you know they keep talking and nothing came and then one day, the water came down. It rained and rained and the water came down. The water came

########
Rank: 3
Score: 11.329619
Retrieved Text: When did people reach California?
The first people reached California about 17,000 BC. These early California people were probably fishing people. They came south along the Pacific coast in small boats, following the fish.
Some of these people kept on going south and reached Central America and then South America. Some moved inland, fishing out of Lake Tahoe and other lakes instead of in the ocean. Others stopped in California, where they did very well.
Soon many people lived in California. They didn’t live in cities, though. Californian people lived in small groups of about a hundred people, a few related families. They were fishers and hunters and gatherers. They wove baskets.
By 9000 BC, California people ate a lot of acorns. They pounded the acorns into flour and baked them into bread. In other parts of California, people collected pine nuts to eat.
California people used controlled fires to encourage plants to grow where and how they wanted them. That’s a kind of farming. Some of these early California people were related to the Ute and Aztec people further east and south.
How many people lived in California?
By this time, California was the most crowded part of North America other than the Aztecs in Mexico. About a third of all the people in what is now the United States lived in California.
Cite this page: Carr, K.E. Early California history – Native Americans. Quatr.us Study Guides, August 8, 2017. Web. April 20, 2019.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 11.321297
Retrieved Text: Rightwing Rumblings: Amend the Holy Book to avoid Peshawar kind of attacks in future.
Amend the Holy Book to avoid Peshawar kind of attacks in future.
Does emotions arise with Media coverage ??? Looks like to some extent. Peshawar killings and aftermath media coverage made even those who stay in slumber to come out and condemn the dastardly act. Will these english educated sleeping beauties show same concern for those lakhs of Kashmir Hindu pandits who were brutalised by Islamaniacs and made to flee the valley, where they were living for centuries ?
Totally Agree, the crime on kids were barbarous and any sensible human will chastise . But where were these great souls when Indian cities were targeted by the same Jihadi tribe? Why dint these people ever came out to express their anguish, then?? Maybe they thought the dying people were fellow Hindus and need no solace worth a word. Even condolences have become Fashionable or Slavery mentality weighing still large on our heart, mind & soul.
These are the same English educated people who to showcase their Liberal views on social media keep telling us Terrorism has no religion. Where as the perpetrators of crime keep chanting 'Allah-O-Akbar' before shooting children at point blank. Does our Libtards have guts to condemn the "Holy Book" which said to be the Inspiration for perpetrators to carry such dastardly act ?? These English educated Libtards are burden on Hindu society.
Stop being sly foxes by passing selective condolences hiding behind the computer in your drawing room or taking fashionable 'mombatii' protests

########
Rank: 5
Score: 11.290374
Retrieved Text: Dear Friends and Partners, Thank you for your continual prayer and financial support. Recently we were in the state of Tennessee for a week of revival and renewal meetings. These gatherings where marked by many miracles and healing. God directed us to go to a city right outside of Nashville to see a move of the Spirit and a harvest of souls. We were told by some that this ground was far to hard to receive seed and people would not be touched by the move of the Holy Spirit. My team and I began to pray and intercede on behalf of this community and were lead to go out on the streets two days before the meetings were to begin. We started to meet the people of this neighborhood and see salvations and many healed right within their very homes.
It was truly amazing to see as the Spirit began to manifest in many lives. Several received miracles as well as salvation. The people were receptive and hungry for a true move of God with signs and wonders. We found that the people where fed up with religion and tradition and wanted much more than what was being offered to them. A powerful word was released to the people through the preaching of the gospel, that challenged their hearts to change and make a decision on what they truly believed about the supernatural Word of God. Backs where healed, legs where given strength, people threw away their canes. We believe that in a short time great

########
Rank: 6
Score: 11.25401
Retrieved Text: Five bookies were arrested on Tuesday for allegedly betting on Indian Premiere League (IPL) matches during a raid at a shop here. However, one of them managed to run away.
The arrests were made as a team led by circle police officer Pryadarshini carried out the raid.
Nine mobile phones, one register with record of names and bets and Rs.14,570 were seized from the five youngsters arrested. The information revealed by these people would help in carrying out more raids in the coming days, police said.
Mathura Superintendent of Police, Rajesh Kumar Singh, said the raids would be conducted in all police station areas to curb the menace of betting spread on such a large scale.
For last several days there were complaints from residents of various colonies about mushrooming dens of people indulging in betting over IPL matches.
“People were crowding up at these dens where mobile phones were used for passing on messages and numbers. Regular counters had opened,” said social activist Rhais Qureshi.
Some residents believe there are over 10,000 young and old peole involved in daily transactions in half a dozen markets of Mathura, where the betting on IPL mathces is a flourishing industry. People were betting from one rupee to a crore rupees.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 11.196112
Retrieved Text: Come with me on journey of the Imagination. To a place where the ideal is real and constraints of reality are lifted. Imagine in this place there is a church. Its an unusual church.
Imagine this church is characterized by diversity, where the people who regularly gather, come from all walks of life, from every age demographic, and from wide range of positive and negative backgrounds. With passionate faith in Almighty God as their unifying strength, their purpose and the obsession of their life. Imagine these people knew that there were no rules when it came to “doing church”. And the creativity and dream of the people was used by the Holy Spirit to create a powerful momentum of building the Kingdom of God, in the City, the State and the Nation of Australia.
Imagine this “no rules” mentality translated into big thinking, high levels of faith expectancy, and a creative engagement with the Word of God that caused it to infuse into peoples lives. An infusion that caused radical life change and an infectious style of living that caused strangers to question the influencer on people’s lives. A life style that is positive, moral, encouraging, characterized by kindness and with an unusual inexhaustible level of enthusiasm for their God, for life, for being an Australian.
Imagine a church focused on building community, where the DNA of the church was ‘others’ and everyone was made to feel welcome, accepted and valued. And this caused the community to enlarge as people sought out authentic relationships. Imagine in these relationships, judgments

########
Rank: 8
Score: 11.103042
Retrieved Text: Witch trials were done during the 17th century particularly in the 1690’s. The places where trials occurred are Middlesex, Suffolk and come parts of Massachusetts.
There was fear in these places due to the disastrous things happening around them. People who are accused of inflicting harm on other people were given trials and proceeded to public examination for a more valid treatment of such witches. Many witches were convicted while some are executed through different techniques. There were also some witches who were pardoned by officials in the government. Nonetheless, witch trials were very much utilized in the ancient times to pin point certain individual which practice dark magic which issue out negativities in events.
The trials are done through a series of proceeding in court. This is done in order to determine whether certain individuals are guilty or innocent of practicing bad witchcraft. The first cases attributed to witchcraft were young girls having the devil possess their bodies. It is like the devil is taking over their minds and physical actions. These girls suddenly went into ill which caused their family to point to other people which may cause these unfortunate phenomena. The people who are given these allegations were put into trial. From here, these accused witches start to face trials. Once found guilty, they were executed if not convicted.
Hundreds of people were arrested due to the accusation of practicing evil witchcraft.
Indian slaves numbering of more than 150 were imprisoned. Even men at an old age were convicted and soon given the execution paper through the

########
Rank: 9
Score: 11.098663
Retrieved Text: These are the places in Connecticut where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
These are the places in Colorado where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
These are the places in California where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
These are the places in Arkansas where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
These are the places in Arizona where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
These are the places in Alabama where people were killed most often, according to the latest FBI numbers.
We used data and science to identify the most dangerous cities in the Silver State for 2019.
We used science and data to determine which Boston neighborhoods are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Chandler that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Baton Rouge that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Irving that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Durham that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Lubbock that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Greensboro that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Norfolk that are the real pits.
We used data and science to identify the neighborhoods in Indianapolis that are the real pits.
We used data and

########
Rank: 10
Score: 11.046533
Retrieved Text: I saw the cover on Netflix and thought it might be about being a female officer but it wasn’t.
It was based on child trafficking. people where picking up girls on the streets but drugging them, making and them unconscious. TOO many people were involved, from the shop keeper, to the food stall on the street.
these girls where no older that 13. The were showered down and then inspected one by 1 depending on whether they were virgins or not. then explained what they were there for.
When it comes to India we know there’s always a politician involved and he was the ring leader. TYPICAL!
These young girls should have security all the time. get picked up and dropped to school. walk in packs with boys and girls. at least until they are 19. watch their backs and not trust anyone or anything.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 11.038234
Retrieved Text: There is a town in Nepal where every one of the people have sold their kidneys to ‘human organ smugglers’. The name of this town is hokse and it is likewise called Kidney Valley. A most people sold kidneys for the sake of purchasing a house. In any case, many people of these village were likewise devastated in the earthquake in Nepal.
It is said that smugglers of human organs came here from Kathmandu and arranged to sell the kidneys to the people. Many people told that the smugglers revealed to them that their kidneys would again be in their body.
In the media additionally there were reports about this town in 2015. At that point it was reported for in the report that several individuals were brought to India where their kidneys were taken out. Consequently, he was given a million rupees.
China has recently said that it is finding a way to counteract smuggling of human organs. Over the most recent 200 years, 200 arrests were made and 100 victims were saved by China.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 11.033677
Retrieved Text: Don’t make the mistake of falling into the bigotry, propaganda and lies put forth by any hatemonger groups that are attempting to make themselves look better or feel better by attacking a disfavored group of people. These hatemongers always use myths, half-truths and lies. The result of this is that these bigoted groups siphon off much-needed funds from communities using such catchwords as “if it saves one child” or “community safety”, when in fact, laws, rules and regulations based on these misconceptions are damaging children and doing nothing for community safety. This one truth is supported by the literally many hundreds of articles, studies and evaluations that the bigots don’t want you to know about. If you were to find out the truth of how these people are making money for their personal gain and diverting much-needed resources to satisfy their unjustified hatred and bigotry of a disfavored group it would surely put an end to it.
I call upon people who truly believe in the American spirit of truth and justice for all to question themselves. If you were publicly shamed for the rest of your life for a mistake or bad choice that you had already paid for, and that mistake had been made years earlier, and you had made strides to change your life but because of that bad choice and misinformation put out by bigoted hate groups you were personally shamed daily and also denied places where you could live and work as well as access to public facilities that were paid for

########
Rank: 13
Score: 11.008011
Retrieved Text: For many years, exempt market products were commonly referred to as “alternative investments.” These investments have been offered for over 30 years in Western Canada, but have really only become common since the late 1990s. Many of these investments were forms of real estate syndications – either land or commercial real estate. There were also a number of Mortgage Investment Corporations (MICs) as well as cash raises for private junior oil and gas companies.
Generally, exempt market products are backed by tangible assets and usually targeting higher than normal returns. In exchange for the higher targeted returns, exempt market products rarely offer liquidity options. Most exempt market companies will tell you that the primary risk with most of their products is the risk of time. There are more than a few exempt market products that have a track record of over 20 years without a single negative return for their investors and many companies show a historical average rate of return of over 10% per year. Some of these investments offer exceptional cash flow while others focus on capital growth. Most investments are RRSP and TFSA eligible and some have found some tremendous strategies suitable for business owners. For some investors, the exempt market world has allowed them to see their investments dramatically exceed market indexes.
Unfortunately, not every exempt market investment ended with positive results. In fact, some of the most newsworthy financial catastrophes in Western Canada were focused around exempt market products gone bad. Prior to Sept. 28, 2010, the exempt market world was not regulated

########
Rank: 14
Score: 10.99899
Retrieved Text: The events of the Exodus were not intended to be a one-time deal. Rather, they were a paradigm for future generations as well. This was made clear when Joshua practically reenacts the Exodus when he ushers his people into the Promised Land where they would celebrate their first Pesah after wandering in the desert for forty years.
The Exodus from Egypt and the entry into Eretz Canaan were profoundly similar, only in reverse order. Moses had the people circumcise themselves in preparation for the initiatory Pesah in Egypt before splitting the sea and leading the people in their exodus from Egypt into the desert where they would experience the revelation at Sinai. Joshua, Moses’ disciple, on the other hand, split the Jordan River, led the people through the Jordan River on dry shod land into Eretz Canaan where he had them circumcise themselves and celebrate Pesah, culminating in a mini revelatory experience with the captain of the Lord’s hosts (5:14). These two leaders bookended the redemption with parallel events.
What is it about these two mitzvot that gives them both staying power and the ability to maintain group core identity? It seems to me that both of them facilitate Jewish distinctiveness, one bodily and one in table ritual. And for some remarkable reason, for a minority people in which so many struggle trying to determine for themselves the fine line between being a part of the larger world while maintaining attachment to their “tribal” identity, these activities speak to them.
Our people’s redemption from Egypt was a defining moment

########
Rank: 15
Score: 10.984784
Retrieved Text: Remember this great vintage find? We picked up that vintage scale in Old Town Clovis, where we also snapped some fun style photos. Old Town Clovis is lined with antique shop after antique shop. Sidewalks filled with cobblestone, historic buildings, shop awnings, benches and outdoor eating.
This photo shoot was actually a little harder for me. Usually we're at a park or some where where we don't run into a lot of people, but this particular shoot there were plenty of people around. There was even someone who asked if we were off setting the back light. These moments usually require an assuring word from Tyler, "you doing fine, just be yourself."
These outtakes include a picture of me looking like I'm picking my nose. Boy, am I one classy gal.
Where are your favorite places to take style photos? How do you stay focused when you feel like everyone is staring at you?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 10.9758415
Retrieved Text: Information management is about organizing, storing, and accessing large amounts of data in such a way as to be available and usable to the people who need the information.
We’ve developed innovative ways to help clients track project deadlines, budgetary spreadsheets, grant funding, and experience of available staff. We know how to evaluate, categorize, store, and recall thousands of program and project expenses that comply with FEMA and other federal mandates. Our work has been proven to improve jurisdictions’ ability to receive timely and maximal federal disaster reimbursements.
Hagerty professionals harnessed the power of information management during the recovery phase following Hurricane Katrina.
Situation: As a result of the hurricane, millions of people were displaced from New Orleans and the surrounding communities. Government officials had no clear picture where these people were or where they had gone.
Need: The overall picture was important because it affected tax revenues, school attendance, healthcare services — virtually every phase of life in New Orleans was affected in one way or another.
Solution: One of Hagerty’s project executives compiled thousands of data points from different sources and was able to show on a map, with certainty, where these displaced individuals were now living. The resulting map included every state in the nation as well as a small percentage of people who left the country.
Outcome: While the results were sobering, the information shown enabled city officials to plan with realistic numbers and kick started efforts to help bring the New Orleans diaspora home.
How can we help your information management needs?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 10.9620495
Retrieved Text: In US, the history of casinos has been quite long and interesting. From old fashioned small card rooms to glitzy and glamorous and famous world casinos on the Las Vegas strip, casinos have come a long way. In the initial days, the casinos in US were called saloons. These were the traditional casinos which were quite small in size and they first started in cities like San Francisco, Chicago, St. Louis and in New Orleans.
All of these cities were quite important centers of trade and commerce, which is why they managed to attract quite a lot of people from different parts of the world. Originally, saloons were the main places where the men in these cities used to meet after a day of work and gamble and drink with their friends.
These old fashioned saloons were by no means glamorous or large like they are now. In fact, they were quite small and often operated in small dingy rooms anywhere in these cities. Later on, over the years the saloons developed and became one of the most popular places in the city where they operated and soon they expanded in size. These saloons were often run by just one person who would be the owner and also responsible for the management of the place.
The first saloon that ever operated in the US had been established on the border of Wyoming, Colorado and Utah in 1822. The saloon had been named Brown’s Saloon. The saloons were usually frequented by miners who came to work in the local mines

########
Rank: 18
Score: 10.9539585
Retrieved Text: Where would you be happiest living?
The University of Cambridge has conducted a survey of British residents which has found significant differences in personalities between our regions. Amongst its results, it shows Londoners the most sociable, Scots the most agreeable and Welsh people the least emotionally stable.
This research was published yesterday in the journal PLOS ONE from the University of Cambridge examined data from the responses of almost 400,000 people from England, Wales or Scotland (Northern Ireland was excluded as sample sizes were too small).
The culmination of these results has also been reproduced in a BBC online test, 'Where in Britain would you be happiest?'.
This new research suggests how well our personality fits with the people who live around us which can also contribute to our happiness.
The test looked at five personality traits: extraversion, agreeableness, conscientiousness, emotional stability and openness. With regards to extraversion, research found this personality trait was mainly recorded in London, Manchester and areas of the South and South East of England, Yorkshire and Scotland. Whereas the East Midlands, Wales, Humberside, the North of England and East Scotland scored low here, suggesting people who live in this area are quiet and reserved.
In terms of agreeableness, regions which scored highly were to be found throughout Scotland, as well as in the North, South West and East of England, suggesting that disproportionate numbers of residents of these areas were friendly, trusting, and kind. London and various areas in the East of England scored lowly, suggesting residents may be bad-tempered and disagreeable.
The survey found the most conscientious

########
Rank: 19
Score: 10.953716
Retrieved Text: Sunday at church for us was up the side of a hill.
We travelled to Siaton, where we met Pastor Banlat and his family at 8am. Travelling on to his church where we were inspired, and were very at home with people who loved the presence of God. These people love to worship.
Andy shared, and then we ministered to all who were there.
The lady in the picture above with Sharron was prayed for two years ago on our last visit. She was healed from a dense stoke then, totally healed and very well. Praise God.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 10.944525
Retrieved Text: SEE THE PROOF FOR YOURSELF!!!
The Lesser EVIL is still EVIL ya know?
Update 10-20-16 This Election has been STOLEN It is TREASON See the evidence here! Our Government is messing it UP!
Where were these people when Bernie was robbed in NY IL MA and CA????? And how did these events roll out so fast and so large without pre-planning and lots of money behind them? And WHERE did the Black Block violence come from anyway? THIS is what Soros put in our streets people. Watch these videos.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 10.93735
Retrieved Text: Usually, ISIS beheads people. But in this video, a member got beheaded himself.
ISIS beheads men with sword quick and clean.
Five men were put in cage by ISIS and lowered into water.
Video by ISI where a man executed with an M4, splattering his brain.
ISIS slaughter a man that was hangeing upside down and then slay another guy.
A man horribly flattened by a tank started from his feet up to his head.
CCTV recording shows a suicide bombing attack that killed a few people including Americans.
These captives were tied with explosive on their neck and were blown up.
These spies were uncovered and got beheaded as punishment.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 10.916496
Retrieved Text: Native American Indian beading was traditionally performed by women as acts of extreme respect and reverence to the natural world.
Using Native American Indian beads was considered sacred to these people, and the act of stringing the beads was itself a form of prayer and reflection. The finished product was not considered to be as valued as the process of creation itself, but was viewed as a beautiful by product of this custom.
Native American Indian beads decorated the clothing of their people, and particularly those of younger women. Excessive displays of these beads were common, particularly after white settlement when new techniques for stringing where invented.
A higher status was represented by the intricate necklace and pendant arrangements that are instantly recognizable today as having these early origins.
Groups within Native American society where categorized by totems, signified by the jewelry of the wearer. Native American Indian beads where used to display their totems, and show how that connected them to their family, clan or group.
Trade between tribes is proved by the abundance of shell-based Native American Indian beads that would otherwise have not been found inland. The similarity of pendant patterns that have been later found in remnants of tribal grounds across America also proves this link to trade and sharing.
As a form of currency, it appears that Native American Indian beads were used to trade between tribes. In addition they were used to consolidate treaties, agreements and as a part of reciprocal gift giving ceremonies.
Ceremonial dances performed by the Native American people used decorative beads about their

########
Rank: 23
Score: 10.897425
Retrieved Text: ClassHop is a one-stop mobile application that is meant to revolutionize the health industry. A monthly membership of ClassHop will give you the option to search and reserve group fitness classes and facilities in the best gyms and boutique fitness studios in town, making sure you have full control over where and when you exercise, without disturbing your daily schedule. These activities include dance (zumba, salsa, jazz, bollywood, hip-hop), yoga, aerobics, strength training, crossfit, kickboxing, mixed martial arts (MMA), spinning, etc.
Classhop approached us with a problem in their existing ad campaign wherein all the money got exhausted without yielding any results. We analyzed Classhop’s current website, Google Analytics and Ad Reports and came to the conclusion that the basic targeting in ads was incorrect and basic search engine optimization of the website was also lacking. This gave us a path to correct the digital marketing strategy for them.
We optimized their website to best standards so that it becomes a major asset for upcoming Ad campaign. A comprehensive SEO on-page activity was done upfront to optimize and position the website for analytic tracking, getting quality leads and measuring conversions.
Facebook – These ads were targeted to people who had shown an interest in fitness, dancing and other relevant activities. These ads would appear in the news feed of the Facebook users.
Google Adwords – These were text based ads where people when searched for a query related to fitness apps, they saw these ads in the ads section in Google search results right at the top. Once they clicked,

########
Rank: 24
Score: 10.8964815
Retrieved Text: PAOV — Eleven people were massacred in a recent U.S. shooting because they were Jewish. Now over 300,000 people are demanding Facebook step up and remove “Holocaust denial” pages from its platform, where these pages are used to cultivate hatred toward Jewish people around the world. This petition from the Anne Frank Center calls on Mark Zuckerberg to take action now.
Sign now with a click We call on Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook to cease hosting Holocaust Denial pages on their site. When these pages spread lies and untruths, it is veiled hatred and anti-semitism designed to cast doubt on facts.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 10.884855
Retrieved Text: The 2014 Local Elections were good elections in general for the smaller left of centre groupings, but especially for the two largest parties/alliances within these groupings – the People Before Profit Alliance and the Anti Austerity Alliance. Both of these won 14 seats on different City or County Councils across the state, leaving them with the fifth joint largest representation levels of any party/grouping at the local authority level across the state.
Running 43 candidates (four more candidates than the Anti Austerity Alliance did), the People Before Profit Alliance won 29,081 votes across the state, amounting to 1.7% of the first preference votes cast nationally. In the forty constituencies that they contested, the People Before Profit Alliance won 5.2% of the first preference votes cast in these. The People Before Profit Alliance candidates fared better in Dublin than they did in the other regions (see Figure 1 above), winning 6.0% of the votes cast in Dublin as against support levels of 0.7% in Leinster and 0.5% in both Munster and Connacht-Ulster. The bulk of the People Before Profit seats were won in Dublin (12), with the only two seats won outside the Dublin region being won in Wexford and Sligo. At the local authority level, the People Before Profit Alliance won nearly ten per cent of all the votes cast in Dun Laoghaire-Rathdown (9.8%), with the next best result coming in Dublin City (6.9%).The best result at a local electoral area was won in Killiney-Shankill, where the People Before Profit Alliance won 21.8% of the first preference

########
Rank: 26
Score: 10.838102
Retrieved Text: we were hoping that you did some search and look for the other side view ..
we feel sorry for these two innocent people i hope their parents put some sense into them before too late .
Even though they had intention to harm the Moroccan Integrity of its territory they still be allowed in and travel from North to south with no question asked they could do that in any other country ..this tell how Morocco is democratic and stable fair country …even when they were stopped in region where their lives might be at risk the Moroccan authorities provide them with taxi to go back where its more safe . Because they were heading to region of Tindouf where Al-Qaida Maghreb , Polizario, and other Terrorist groups and Drug smuggler in Sahel rules .
i will be happy to meet with you to discuss this subject more and will be happy to meet their family to apologize of any mistreatment of these two innocent naïf young people.
Morocco is one country from North to Mauritania been that and will be always. None can dispute that even . and Moroccan in Lower Main land are most peaceful and respectable community .

########
Rank: 27
Score: 10.829975
Retrieved Text: These scenes show the wooded savannah landscape of the Uduk people's home area in the southern Blue Nile in the 1960s. On the left, the people are tying up bundles of newly harvested maize for storage over the coming year. On the right, the view looks southwards to Jebel Bisho, a flat-topped hill remembered as a refuge where their grandparents fled during disturbances of the 1890s - one of the places where they initially fled for safety during the civil war which broke out a century later, displacing everyone from these villages by 1990.
The people were stranded at Nordeng, near Nasir, in the rainy season of 1991. This was in the flat flood plains of the Sobat river, tributary of the White Nile. They sheltered at first under sticks and green plastic sheeting donated by an agency. Later they collected enough grass for simple huts, but the rains and floods returned.
After the political upheavals of the time settled down, they were granted temporary relief in 1993 by the Ethiopian government and the UNHCR in the refugee scheme at Bonga, where a whole generation were to grow up.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 10.825932
Retrieved Text: In 2006 in West Texas there were countless inventors and entrepreneurs with ground breaking ideas and business start-ups, yet they often lacked resources. At the same time there were a large number of good, hardworking individuals; farmers, bankers, restaurant owners, small business owners and countless other professionals who had amassed a very sizable amount of income and savings and showed interest in up and coming business opportunities. The problem was that these two groups had no connection. no way to quantify, access, develop, operate and/or fund these ventures.
This is where the partners of Bellator Group came together to make this connection a reality. We come from varied backgrounds, including banking, finance, management, venture capital, and entrepreneurship. We worked hard to develop, shape and mature these ideas and startups into strong business opportunities. We then worked to provide a system to open investment channels to the everyday investor where they could source, evaluate, participate in, and fund these startups.
Through this great success we meet a lot of amazing people. A great percentage of these people and ideas had a government presence and served a much larger purpose than just being successful in business. They were bringing themselves and their ideas to aid and assist our soldiers in defending us and our country. It was time for Bellator to make a move, join the cause, and help support those who were supporting us. In late 2011 Bellator Group moved to Virginia.
In picking where we were going to move our shop we found the town of Leesburg,VA. This amazing

########
Rank: 29
Score: 10.822702
Retrieved Text: These 25 Funny YouTube Comments Owned It and Were Better Than The Videos!
Youtube is one of the platform where people are not just connecting with their pictures but their actions can only be depicted through motion pictures. There is a comment option where people can express their views and these funny youtube comments. We are here with the best funny youtube comments.
#1 Guinness World Record And The Genius People Around.
#2 Selena Gomez Fans Are The Best Fans Ever.
#3 These Tube Site Oh Gosh, They Have Made People MAD.
#4 The Reason Has Been Written In The Comment Below.
#5 Yes Mam He Was Looking For You Straight From Your Screen.
#6 People Make Deductions About Eyes First, Everything Else Is A Myth.
#7 Hey Lady, You Just Got Turned On And Turning On The Readers.
#8 Dalmations What! The English Language Is Full Of Mysteries.

================



