======= Instance Index 59 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: You shouldn't watch TV for a whole day! The exam is coming!

M: Don't worry, mum. I've got ready for it.

Question: What are they? 

- Classmates.

- Friends.

- Mother and son.

Target Text: Mother and son.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.3070173
Retrieved Text: Thank you for interesting in Clickfunnels What Are They!
Do you know how most services are having an existence online? Clickfunnels What Are They.
This is a tool created exclusivelly to convert your potential clients into customers in Clickfunnels What Are They.
Clickfunnels What Are They is actually a all in one solution to develop sales funnels.
Clickfunnels What Are They: But First, What Exactly Is a Sales Funnel?
Exactly what is Clickfunnels What Are They?
As I mentioned before, Clickfunnels What Are They is the best sales funnels and marketing funnels software that exist on the market.
A standard funnel will practically use an opt-in web page and e-mail auto responder like Clickfunnels What Are They.
Clickfunnels What Are They comes with a Complimentary 14-Day Trial, so you can try the software and see how powerful it is to you business.
It’s important to recognize that a funnel is a collection of web pages assembled in a calculated order instead of Clickfunnels What Are They.
Clickfunnels What Are They provides you even more compared to the competitors to help you creat an amazing website.
Clickfunnels What Are They makes your life easier by providing you with a ton of templates.
You can pick a template in Clickfunnels What Are They. Modify the elements you want, and then you are ready to sell.
And you can use the Clickfunnels What Are They built in invoicing system.
However, Clickfunnels What Are They has its own email automation software called Actionetics.
I like Clickfunnels What Are They autoresponder because it doesn’t only focuses on your e-mail advertising.
* Clickfunnels What Are They Billing as

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.167391
Retrieved Text: What are DDx for apnoea?
What are the clinical features of asthma?
What are the diagnostic considerations/issues for asthma in children?
In children >5-6yr how can the severity of asthma be determined?
What are the considerations of spirometry in diagnosis of childhood asthma?
How can asthma be classified in children?
What are the age considerations for effective use of bronchodilators and steroids in acute asthma?
What is the management for acute asthma?
What Ix are required in acute asthma?
What Ix can be performed in chronic asthma/assessment of asthma?
What key features on history should be elicited for child presenting for ongoing asthma management/new diagnosis?
-When they have asthma, what symptoms do they get? Do they have nocturnal symptoms? Worse at night/early morning?
-Is it perienneal or seasonal based?
-Do they have other allergies/eczema?
-Do they use a preventer and or/reliever? what?
-How they use? i.e. with spacer?
-How often reviewed and by who?
-How often do they get symptoms?
-Do they have symptoms when well?
-How often to they use reliever, how many puffs?
-Do they ever need oral steroids?
-Hospitalisation, ICU or respiratory support?
-do they have an asthma plan?
What are the key features to address when counselling on an asthma management plan?
What are the key components on educating on use of a spacer?
What are the preventer medication options and when are they considered?
How many URTIs does the average child have a year and what are risk factors?
What are the most common causes of AOM?
What are the clinical features of AOM?
What is the management of AOM & indications for antibiotics?
What are the possible consequences and Rx options for OM with effusion or recurrent OM?
What is the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.1270313
Retrieved Text: What Are Infographics what are infographics infographic designers and data visualisers download. what are infographics what are infographics and why are they important instantshift free. what are infographics what are infographics and why should i use them sgei. What Are Infographics what are infographics what are infographics and why use them cosmic printable. what are infographics what are infographics how are they used activate design printable. what are infographics infographic of infographics detail pc tech magazine templates. What Are Infographics what are infographics top 5 infographics on how to create an effective infographic ideas.
What Are Infographics what are infographics what are infographics and why are they important instantshift free. what are infographics what are infographics and why should i use them sgei. what are infographics what are infographics and why use them cosmic printable. what are infographics what are infographics how are they used activate design printable. what are infographics infographic of infographics detail pc tech magazine templates.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.115462
Retrieved Text: SapphireRSCosworth.com • View topic - Got New wheels, unsure what they Are???
Board index ‹ General Area ‹ General Discussion ‹ Got New wheels, unsure what they Are???
Got New wheels, unsure what they Are???
I bought these awhile back, got them today. I am very unsure what they are? Anyone know?
Re: Got New wheels, unsure what they Are???
I don't know what they are look similar to a comp th I do like them tho!

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.0807123
Retrieved Text: Writing sometimes feels frivolous and sometimes sacred, but memory is one of my strongest muses. I serve her with my words.
Every artist creates with open eyes what she sees in her dream.
In fiction, I exercise my nosiness. I am as curious as my cats, and indeed that has led to trouble often enough and used up several of my nine lives. I am an avid listener. I am fascinated by other people’s lives, the choices they make and how that works out through time, what they have done and left undone, what they tell me and what they keep secret and silent, what they lie about and what they confess, what they are proud of and what shames them, what they hope for and what they fear. The source of my fiction is the desire to understand people and their choices through time.
We can only know what we can truly imagine. Finally what we see comes from ourselves.
Writing is a futile attempt to preserve what disappears moment by moment.
Hope sleeps in our bones like a bear waiting for spring to rise and walk.
Listening is terribly important if you want to understand anything about people. You listen to what they say and how they say it, what they share and what they are reticent about, what they tell truthfully and what they lie about, what they hope for and what they fear, what they are proud of, what they are ashamed of. If you don’t pay attention to other people, how can you understand their choices through

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.060261
Retrieved Text: UNIT 3 Is This Your Skirt?
Where are my jeans? Can you help me?
What are they ? They are shorts.
What are they ? They are pants.
What colour are my jeans ? My jeans are black.
What colour are my socks ? My socks are white.
What colour are my shorts ? My shorts are black.
What colour are my shoes ? My shoes are red.
are blue. black. are white. white. are red. are red. are blue. black. are purple.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.054183
Retrieved Text: Understanding Smart Contracts: What Are They, Are They Legally Enforceable, How Can They Be Used, and What Are the Hurdles to Adoption?
Joel Telpner delivered the speech, "Understanding Smart Contracts: What Are They, Are They Legally Enforceable, How Can They Be Used, and What Are the Hurdles to Adoption?" at the World Fintech Forum 2017 on July 20, 2017 in Seoul, South Korea.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.0397606
Retrieved Text: Number systems and arithmetics is a branch of mathematics dealing with a formal clarification of what numbers are and in which domains numbers allow arithmetical operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. It also describes how these domains can be extended in a step-by-step manner by certain structural properties to allow such operations.
algebraic structures, including groups, integral domain, and fields.
The topological concept of a metric space.
What are natural numbers, and how the can be defined using the axiomatic method?
What are integers, how they can be defined using natural numbers and how they extend the calculating possibilities of natural numbers?
What are rational numbers, how they can be defined using integers and how they extend the calculating possibilities of integers?
What are real numbers, how they can be defined using rational numbers and how they extend the calculating possibilities of rational numbers?
What are complex numbers, how they can be defined using real numbers and how they extend the calculating possibilities of real numbers?
What are quaternions, how they can be defined using complex numbers and how they extend the calculating possibilities of complex numbers?
What are the differences of the above domains, covering their algebraic, topological, and order properties.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.0361443
Retrieved Text: Showing both parts of who you really are – both SINNER and SAINT!
All too often, people show us what they want us to see – the “saint”… this is the divide and separation between being yourself and being a Leader.
The Leader comes into a domain, space, an area; and shows people who they TRULY are, not just what they want you to see; not just that shiny “saint” side that some people crave so deeply for.
You cannot become an Authentic Leader without showing your vulnerabilities.
Leaders cannot come into the curve of life only showing one side of who they are.
The UN-authentic leader will collect, gather, store, and learn knowledge. As they do this, they feel they have a greater risk of losing more in their world if they were to take a risk in front of others.
They don’t want to be seen as “not knowing the answer” or they fear that they could be seen as “foolish” or “unknowledgeable” or “imperfect” to others….. For these UN-authentic leaders, they can only reveal one side of who they truly are as they are too worried about what they look like externally. They are only showing up in the world of what they know – their shiny side.
The travesty is, the UN-authentic leaders then become a walking, talking library of what they know – they’ve done all the research, after all! They are not what they do and they do not show what REAL RISKS they are willing to reveal in front of others.
An authentic leader is the combination

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.026679
Retrieved Text: Observation - flies - UK and Ireland. Description: these flies are breeding in the foundations of my house, what are they, what do they breed in and how long to they live?
these flies are breeding in the foundations of my house, what are they, what do they breed in and how long to they live?

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.0240054
Retrieved Text: We all know of those cleaning businesses who always seem to be tweeting about a new contract, or you often see them in the local paper for something great their business has achieved? But how do they do it? Why are they so good?
We should be inspired and learning from the best in our fields; watching them.
In todays post we talk about how to build our competitor file and how to know who our top 3 competitors are.
When you go to a quote, for a potential new client, do you make it part of your sales pitch to always ask who they are currently using or if they have ever used a cleaning service in the past?
This is a MUST question – sometimes, (rarely) a client will not want to say what cleaning companies they have dealt with but generally they will be happy to tell you who they have used and why they have left them. If you ask this question at every quote you go to, you will soon see the pattern of who gets called the same time as you! Learn their name: check them out.
Start to research the cleaning businesses who’s name pop up time and again in your working life; do they have a website? Do they blog? Do they have a Facebook, Twitter or Google +? Do they have special offers? Do they display pricing? What do their leaflets look like? Does their brand match across both online and offline?
What are they doing that you are not doing? What looks

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.0152245
Retrieved Text: Is An Identity Crisis Standing Between You & Spiritual Awakening?
One of the main reasons why so many people miss out on the exquisite experience of their awakened conscious awareness is that they are having an identity crisis.
Quite simply, they think they are someone or something they’re not. They think they are the voice in their head and, as a result, rely on what it says too heavily for defining who they are and what they’re capable of. They think they are what they are feeling emotionally. They think they are their body, having identified with it from an early age. Or they think they are their relationship status, job title, religious affiliation or the long list of other labels that they’ve found to help define who they are.
I must be the voice in my head because it sounds like me.
I must be my emotions because I feel them inside me so intimately.
I must be my body because it’s been with me since I was born.
I must be my job title because that’s what I tell people I am when asked what I do.
I must be my relationship status because my marriage certificate says so.
I must be my religion because it is what I believe in so strongly.
The list goes on and on. But none of these things are ultimately you. Yes, they contribute to your personality and what you tend to do with your day, but that does not make them you. Why? They are all temporary, come and go and change. Therefore attempting to find

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.005335
Retrieved Text: Here they are, hot off the presses, the Women in Games 2008 conference themes!
Initiatives have been launched to encourage people (read girls) to do programming without realising that they are doing anything ‘hard’, and then they perhaps appreciate that it wasn’t as hard as they thought.
What initiatives are out there? Do these work? Do they have credence? Do they hide the realities of what programming is?
Working in the games industry is more mature than many people might imagine, and does involve a lot of hard work. It requires people to work together as a team and communicate effectively.
How does this compare with the outside world’s perception? How does it compare to other creative industries of film or music? How can we change that perception if it is wrong?
Encouraging girls to study technology is fundamental to increasing the number of women in the games industry. What is happening in schools to result in very few girls coming out of school with Computer Science, fewer still studying at degree level, before finally only a trickle of women are attracted to working in the games industry? How does this compare with other countries?
What are the different perspectives that women bring to both playing and the design and development of games? How much is it just more of the same; what are the differences in how they play, what they produce and how they go about it?
What skills are needed to work in the games industry? Are they provided by higher education, and are they options taken up by women?
How

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.00185
Retrieved Text: 24 Love Quotes That Express Exactly What ‘I Love You’ Really Means was posted in August 25 2018 at 7:13 pm and has been seen by 8 users. If you want to view image in full size just click image on gallery bellow.
And don’t you dare try to tell me otherwise ♡ ♡ уσυ’яє ρєяƒє¢т 24 best I am Beautiful NO matter what they Say Besides whose They Our topoftherange skincare range is on its way soonare you You are Beautiful No Matter What they Say Quotes Amazing Images 24 Images with Quotes 24 quotes Page 24 CoolNSmart You Know What They Say Quotes on QuotesTopics Life Quotes Sms Life Quotes I am beautiful no matter what they say Words can’t bring me down I You are beautiful no matter what they say Picture Quotes You are beautiful no matter what they say FtSoul Pinterest You Are Beautiful No Matter What They Say Quotes.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 5.9956155
Retrieved Text: Learning analytics are widely discussed and they hold considerable promise for personalized learning and assessment. This opens a discussion about what, exactly, learners understand about the data being collected as they learn. This article from Educause Review Online highlights the need for ethical discourse to guide student awareness of analytics and what, exactly, is known about them. Do they understand the data that can be collected as they connect through multiple devices? Are they unaware? Article is about needed discussion.
“What are the current projects going on in learning analytics today? What are the potential ethical pitfalls that surround these developments? Why are they potentially harmful? Are these things always wrong, or are they contextually wrong?
What is the role of “knowing” a predictive analytic — once something is known, what are the ethical ramifications of action or inaction? What are the roles of student autonomy, information confidentiality, and predictive modeling in terms of ethical development of new systems, software, and analytics?
How might we affect the development of future analytics systems by having ethical discussions? What are the possible inventions and innovations that could come from these discussions?
via Ethical Discourse: Guiding the Future of Learning Analytics (EDUCAUSE Review) | EDUCAUSE.edu.
Previous Previous post: Would you trust Silicon Valley to disrupt your child’s education?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 5.991807
Retrieved Text: What is more scary than eyes watching people from behind paintings. They are creepy. And for good reason. You never really know who is behind those paintings. What their motives are. What they are thinking. Why they are watching us. What are they going to do. How are they going to do it. When are they going to pop out of the shadows. Honestly, what could be more scary?
Well, this Digital Dudz Safety Pinned T-Shirt is more scary. Sure, we have part of a face, but not a whole face. And that is just as scary as a painting with moving eyes. If not more so. Why is his eye held open with safety pins? We have no idea who is torturing him. If they are going to come after us next. And what is that shifty eye looking at? Is it because the torturer is coming back? Never mind, don't tell us, it's too scary.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 5.9898577
Retrieved Text: Does the sentence “Aren't they pretty!” mean “They are pretty.”?
Does the sentence "Aren't they pretty!" mean "They are pretty."?
With the exclamation mark, it does mean that the speaker thinks "they are pretty" and expresses it out.
If it were written with a question mark ("Aren't they pretty?") it would be a question, still suggesting the same thought, but perhaps looking for confirmation from the listener.
Note, however, that in some cases the negative question is a request for confirmation of a negative belief - which has the opposite meaning. For example, "aren't you coming?" may suggest that I suspect you are not coming.
You can find a longer discussion here.
Not the answer you're looking for? Browse other questions tagged meaning exclamatives or ask your own question.
What does “they blew everyone away” mean?
In, “They are talking cars and deals”, what does “deals” mean?
What's the meaning of “pretty darn foxy” “yourself”?
“they say she had a pretty hand” - What does it mean?
What does “They went to Florida for the winter.” mean?
What does “That’s pretty much all I read”?
What does “crushing” mean in the sentence?
What does “earth” mean in this sentence?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 5.987871
Retrieved Text: What does it mean to have attachment to outcomes?
If you were to ask someone to write down what they want their life to feel and/or look like, somewhere before they even start writing, they will already have decided what things they can have and what things they cannot have. This is what it means to have attachment to the outcomes.
People will already limit the outcome based on their attachment to a self-imposed or society-imposed belief system, regarding what is possible and what is not possible.
We do not pay attention to the fact that we are usually already trying to figure out the answer based on attachment.
With whom will it happen?
There is limitation in attachment if we do not realize what our own core belief systems are.
Do I believe things can change?
Some people utilize the tool of vision boarding in order to place images on a board to look at on a daily bases or as often as possible, until the images become a subconscious thought.
For some, this tool may not work if an individual’s core beliefs are that they are not worthy of what they desire to have, do not believe that things can change, or that they can have what they desire to have.
These are core beliefs but they are also forms of attachment that must be looked at by the individual, in order to detach from thoughts and beliefs that no longer apply to the individual.
Let’s detach from what no longer works for us.
Let’s detach from what no longer makes us happy.
Let’s form an

########
Rank: 18
Score: 5.986624
Retrieved Text: When the “stuff hits the fan,” law enforcement calls in the SWAT (Special Weapons and Tactics) team.
In marketing and business growth, information is the special weapon that drives our tactics. If you want to grow faster, you need a SWOT (Strength, Weakness, Opportunity & Threat) team.
Be honest, when was the last time you did a comprehensive SWOT analysis? When was the last time you seriously looked at it?
Unless you’ve recently rebranded, I’ll bet it’s been a while.
You should do a SWOT analysis at least once per year!
For a SWAT team, conditions in the field are constantly changing … they are constantly changing for us too. You need to assign team members to have their eyes open for anything that can impact your business. Then, funnel that information to one person – usually Marketing – who analyzes how the changes may impact your strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats.
What are the demographics? How are they trending?
What does the economy look like? How is it trending?
Is each market growing or shrinking?
Does each market provide a different opportunity for your bottom line?
Where do people from each market hangout? What do they do for fun?
Do people in the market know who you are?
If so, what do they think of you?
Who grew and who decreased over the last year?
Are there new players in the market?
What is the most innovative product on the market?
What would you say is each competitor’s main message or brand essence?
Are you the first financial institution that they think of?
What products do they use? Why?
Who else do they use?

########
Rank: 19
Score: 5.9830246
Retrieved Text: What’s their favorite place they’ve ever visited?
What’s one mistake they made that they learned from?
What was their favorite subject in school? Or favorite thing to learn about?
What’s their favorite flower/growing thing?
Have they ever made someone cry? What happened?
Would you consider them a reliable or unreliable narrator?
What do they dream about at night?
They’ve gone out for a “special meal.” What would they eat?
Do they have any distinguishing or unique talents?
What’s at least one thing they want to do before they die?
How's it going, everyone? What are you writing right now? What character are you hopelessly in love with (either your own or someone else's)? What are you most excited for this summer (or whichever season it is for you)?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 5.9810934
Retrieved Text: Welcome back for this month’s Submission Roundup! There are so many awesome calls in the coming weeks, so hopefully if you have a story or poem looking for a home, one of these markets might be a good place to send it!
First, the usual disclaimer: I am not a representative for any of these publications. If you have any questions, please direct them to the respective editors.
What They Want: Character-driven and beautifully written grotesque stories about the monsters in women’s lives. Open to all female-identifying writers.
What They Want: Open to quiet literary horror stories.
What They Want: Open to flash fiction of a variety of genres.
What They Want: Open to queer werewolf stories of all genres (horror, sci-fi, fantasy, etc.). The editors are also accepting comic pitches.
What They Want: Editors doungjai gam and Ed Kurtz are seeking stories that blend horror and crime fiction.
This entry was posted in Fiction, Submission Roundup on November 8, 2018 by gwendolynkiste.
Welcome back for this month’s Submission Roundup! There’s a great group of submission calls below, so if you’ve got a story looking for a home (or you’re eager to write a new one just for the occasion), then these publications might just be the perfect fit! As always, a quick reminder: I am not a representative for any of these markets, so please direct your questions to the respective editors.
What They Want: Flame Tree’s latest anthologies are now open to submission. In particular, the American Gothic call looks perfect for the horror fiction writers out there.
What They Want: Open to holiday-themed

########
Rank: 21
Score: 5.980962
Retrieved Text: Working parents, especially in urban areas, do leave their children alone at home, while they work, shop, handle unexpected emergencies, travel out of the city for work, attend parties, or for other tasks that may come up.
First, evaluate your children whether they can be home alone. Only then should you leave children home alone safely.
· Can they follow rules and instructions well?
· Can they be trusted to go straight home after school or after playing at a neighbor's house?
· Can they easily use the mobile phones and telephones, internet, television, locks, safety devices, alarms, and kitchen appliances?
· Can they handle unexpected situations without panicking?
· Can they stay home alone without being afraid?
· Can they say their full name, address, and telephone number?
Set standard operating procedures, SOPs, and practice till they are comfortable and confident os staying home alone.
Here are a few tips to secure your children while you are away.
1. Stay in touch. Call children many times in the day to ask how they are, what they are doing, how the pets are, what is going on, to report anything unusual.
2. Suppose children leave the house to play, for tuitions, visit the shop to buy anything, or to visit friends, ask them to call you before they leave the house and to call you again when they return to confirm they are back and are okay.
3. Ask children about visitors and how the interaction went. Instruct children not to open the doors to visitors, especially unknown and unexpected ones.
4. Keep kids connected. Post important numbers in

########
Rank: 22
Score: 5.98069
Retrieved Text: Tall for her age, skinny, Black wavy hair,purple eyes.
Clothes she likes to wear?
She loves to wear dresses.
Does your character dream? What are they about?
Morgan dreams to one day become a designer.
Her favorite food is Apples.
What is their favorite color?
Her favorite color is Orange.
Do the kids in school like her or not?
She’s very popular at her school.
Are they interested in sports?
Do they have any siblings?
She has two sisters who are both a year old.
What type of books, magazines, etc. do they read?
She loves reading anything about knitting, sewing, or fashion.
Do they play a musical instrument?
No, Jace had tried to teach her Guitar, but she couldn’t figure it out.
Does your character have a best friend?
She used to be best friends with Jace, but she had to move away after her sisters were born.
What is their first best friend like?
He’s an absolute dork. Loves playing soccer and playing guitar. Has a love for nature that she hasn’t even seen her own parents have. He’s quiet if you don’t really know him yet.
What do they like about their friend?
She loves his fascination with nature and his desire to see it.
Do they like to talk? Do they talk too much? Are they shy or a loner?
She talks almost all the time. Easily making friends with almost everybody. Only stops talking when she’s upset or tired.
Does your character cry alot? Gets mad easily? Laughs easily? Make jokes?
She laughs easily and loves making jokes.
What ‘group’ are they in during school?
She’s a popular girl in her school, but doesn’t stick with a group of

########
Rank: 23
Score: 5.9776754
Retrieved Text: There are a lot DWI attorneys out there to choose from. In fact, there are so many that it can be very overwhelming when you try to pick the one that is right for your case. Before you choose a lawyer, you should fist shop around and compare the competition in your area. But what should you be asking the attorneys that you are interested in hiring? Knowing what to ask an attorney can be the difference between hiring a good attorney or a bad attorney. Below, we explain what to ask before you hire a DUI lawyer.
What cities and states have they worked in before?
Do they belong to any reputable professional organizations or bar associations?
What specific areas of law do they practice?
How many DWI cases have they won?
How many have they lost?
How many of their cases reached a settlement agreement?
Do they tend to take their DWI cases to trial or work out plea agreements?
What do they think the weakest part of your case is?
How can the weaknesses in your defense be improved?
What do they think is your best defense strategy?
What are the consequences if you plead guilty?
Is there a lesser charge you can agree to?
What ways can you avoid a trial?
What are their payment fees?
Do they charge an hourly fee or flat fee?
Is there a retainer fee?
What extra services do they charge for?
If you need an experienced DWI attorney, you should immediately contact our College Station DWI lawyers today. We are here to assist with your legal needs.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 5.9752502
Retrieved Text: American expatriate writer, her Paris home was a salon for artists and writers between the two World Wars. She lived with her companion Alice B. Toklas from 1912 until her death.
• It takes a lot of time to be a genius, you have to sit around so much doing nothing, really doing nothing.
• Paris was the place that suited us who were to create the twentieth century art and literature.
• A diary means yes indeed.
• When they are alone they want to be with others, and when they are with others they want to be alone. After all, human beings are like that.
• Artists do not experiment. Experiment is what scientists do; they initiate an operation of unknown factors to be instructed by its results. An artist puts down what he knows and at every moment it is what he knows at that moment.
• It is funny the two things most men are proudest of is the thing that any man can do and doing does in the same way, that is being drunk and being the father of their son.
• The Jews have produced only three originative geniuses: Christ, Spinoza, and myself.
• In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. This is what makes America what it is.
• Americans are very friendly and very suspicious, that is what Americans are and that is what always upsets the foreigner, who deals with them, they are so friendly how can they be so suspicious they are so suspicious how can

########
Rank: 25
Score: 5.9749184
Retrieved Text: Would it not be great for the “professional sporting world” to trade places with the “teaching world?” What if there was actually free agent status, trades or even a draft in the “teaching world?” And yes, let’s add the money in there as well. Would education be better off? Probably, but it is not like that, and we as educators (whatever role one is in) do what we do because it is what we do. The only autographs we sign are on the hall passes.
For the most part, every teacher trains to be better at his or her craft. Great teachers want to get better (now there are some who do not, but we are not going to discuss those). They want high performance in their job. Every day teachers walk into their classrooms wanting and expecting the best from all. It is no different than any other person in the work world. However, teaching is seen as so fragile. Education is underpaid, overworked, disrespected, etc. It is a total mystery how educators “hang on,” and it is to their credit that they do.
But… through it all, teachers are still the stars of education.
They are in the moment; day in, day out. They show up ready to teach. They are engaged in their subject and the lives of their students. They keep distractions to a minimum, and their focus is to perform. The energy they emit adds power to the moment. Inspiring by being what and who they are; their presence is felt.
Teachers do what no

########
Rank: 26
Score: 5.972457
Retrieved Text: The staff at the Federation believe that children should be taught to use the internet safely, allowing them to experience the benefits that its use can provide.
What to do to stay safe online.
What they should do if they feel unsafe online.
At school, your children learn behind the schools’ protective filtering system that restricts what children can access. Most computers your children will use do not have such a rigorous filtering system (i.e. at home). Thus, we need your help to ensure they stay safe online.
Talk to them about what they are going on when they are online and the potential dangers that those sites may have, remind them what they should do if they see or hear anything that they do not like or makes them feel uncomfortable.
Keep an eye on what they do online by allowing your child on the internet somewhere where you can see what they are looking at.
are using to go online.
All these apps can be very useful, but they need to used carefully with the correct settings.
Who can see it? How private is the information I’m sharing?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 5.9723883
Retrieved Text: Sometimes the people coming to your website know exactly what they are looking for and exactly what it is called. A typical example of this is when a person goes online to buy toner for their laser printer. They know exactly what the toner cartridge model number is or they know exactly what printer model they need the toner cartridge to fit.
People on a search for a known-item are best served with a strong hierarchical navigation layout that is intuitive to use as well as a website search feature. Be sure that the search feature on your website allows people who misspell what they are searching for to still find the proper results. Nothing is more aggravating when you’re searching than getting bad search results just because of a spelling problem. This is really about enabling the shopper to find what they are looking for without slowing them down.
This situation is typical when a person is aware of a need, but aren’t yet certain what the solution will be. For example, someone is looking for a desktop scanner. They know they need a scanner. They want one with a fairly small footprint, but they aren’t sure which brand or which model will be the best solution for them.
In this situation, the best way to help them find the solution on your website, instead of them going elsewhere, is to make sure you have two different kinds of navigation in place. Firstly, you’ll need a good hierarchical navigation model (think: category, sub-category, product) so that they can

########
Rank: 28
Score: 5.970971
Retrieved Text: You know what he is? That's right! He's a future dead man!
You know what he is? That's right! He's a future de-ead man!
You know what they are? That's right! They are future dead peeps!
You know what they are? That's right! They are future de-ead peeps!
He's a future dead man!
They are future dead peeps!
Labels: future dead, man, old, parody music, senior citizen, Son of W.A.Y.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 5.969739
Retrieved Text: plasma the fluid part of blood, that consists of water and its dissolved constituents including proteins, electrolytes, sugars, lipids, metabolic waste products, ammino acids, hormones, and vitamins.
What is distributed by blood O2, CO2, heat, hormones, waste, nutrients, etc.
What protective functions does blood serve It protects against disease (pathogens) and fluid loss.
What are possible colors of blood and what do they indicate The colors are Dark red and bright red. Dark red indicates no oxygen in the blood, it has not been oxygenated, and it is Venus blood. Bright red blood indicated that is has oxygen in it and it has been oxygenated.
Relatively, how viscous is blood; and what accounts for and affects blood's viscosity It is more viscous than H2O. The red blood cell count accounts for the viscosity of the blood there for if the red blood cell count rises greatly the viscosity will be affected and the same is the RBC count lowers.
What are the two main components of blood Blood plasma and formed elements (cells and cell fragments).
Approximately what percentage of blood is formed elements and what percentage is plasma 45 % formed elements and 55 % blood plasma.
What is albumin plasma protein that is the smallest but most numerous in blood plasma.
Where are albumins made and what do they do It is produced by the liver and its function is to help transport lipid soluables. It also plays a role in H2O balance by increasing osmotic pressure.
What is osmotic pressure The maximum pressure that develops in a solution separated solvent.
What are some

================



======= Instance Index 428 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Alice, I want to buy you a watch. Which one do you like?

F: I like the red one, Dad.

Question: Where are they? 

- In a shop.

- In a restaurant.

- In a bus stop.

Target Text: In a shop.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.812648
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 2nd September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th july 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd July 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 15th july 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki ghanti - Eid Special - 8th July 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 27th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 20th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th April 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd April 2016 A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.783978
Retrieved Text: Romans 9:26 and, "It will happen that in the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
and, "In the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called 'children of the living God.'"
and, "It will happen that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' there they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
And it will be in the place where they were told, you are not my people, there they will be called sons of the living God.
"Once they were told, 'You are not my people.' But in that very place they will be called children of the living God."
And in the very place where they were told, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called the children of the living God."
In the very place where it was told them, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
"It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' There they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
Wherever they were told, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, You are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
And it shall come to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.760907
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.7367606
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.7364583
Retrieved Text: We believe that “Every Kid Has Potential” and we believe that all children should have the opportunity to participate in quality programs right in their own community. Boys & Girls Clubs of Saskatoon’s vision and sole reason for being, is to do our best to provide programs where children and youth can discover and achieve their dreams, and grow up to be healthy, successful and active participants in society. As parents, future parents, grandparents, aunties and uncles, friends – this is what we all want for our children. Our programs are safe, supportive places for children and youth to be. They are places where children can experience new opportunities, overcome barriers, build positive relationships and develop confidence and skills for life. Our programs are where kids will find a place to just be kids, a place without some of the adult responsibilities that so many of them have – a place where they can find out who they are, what they like to do, where they can build relationships and learn to trust in adults who care about their well-being – a place where they can feel safe, a place where they feel respected, a place where they feel that they belong.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.719331
Retrieved Text: Speed and accuracy is all that counts!
Players use two attached light guns to hit targets onscreen; missions require speed, quick judgment or pinpoint accuracy.
There are six different types of stages in the game: Accuracy, where both players must shoot the designated areas with the highest points, Intelligence, where they must count to sixteen, Memory, where they must match two cards by shooting two matching cards, Simulation, where they are required to shoot the cardboard robbers but not civilians, Visual Acuity, where they are required to shoot the target which matches what is displayed, and Speed, where they are required to shoot targets of their designated colours.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6467247
Retrieved Text: That’s when the show’s very first episode, “Winter is Coming” landed, introducing us to the honourable Starks, incestuous Lannisters, and one bewitching young woman married off to a Dothraki Khal.
Today, in 2019, the Game of Thrones cast is world famous and more in demand than ever before. Emilia Clarke is a member of the Star Wars universe, the Stark sisters — Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams — are both X-Men, and Jason Momoa is Aquaman.
It’s exciting, but also jarring to look at the Game of Thrones Episode 1 cast as they appeared back then versus how they look now.
In some cases, it’s a matter of how much wigs and make up transform the performers on the show, but in others, it’s wild to see how much the young cast has grown up.
Here’s our nostalgic look back at the original cast of Game of Thrones as they appeared in 2011 compared to how they look — and where their careers are — now. Warning: Rickon Stark is grown.
Where Are They Now?: Michelle Fairley recently starred opposite Jodie Comer in Starz’s The White Princess and will appear in Amazon’s new series The Feed later this year.
Where Are They Now?: Scottish actor Richard Madden is enjoying something of a career bump since starring in Netflix’s critically acclaimed Bodyguard, which won Madden a Golden Globe. Soon he’ll star in the Elton John biopic Rocketman.
Where Are They Now?: Harington is now married IRL to Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie and on the press circuit for the final season of Game

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6466036
Retrieved Text: "So they camped where they were told."
God has a special place for you. A place for you to worship. A place for you to live. A place for you to work. Until you are where God wants you, you will never have peace.
Just as the Army stations its soldiers where they are needed, so does Jesus Christ, our Commander-in-Chief, station the soldiers in His army where they are needed. We are those soldiers if we have accepted Christ as our Commander-in-Chief.
Look at where you are. Is it where Christ has stationed you, or have you gone AWOL? Are you in the church where Christ wants you? Are you in the town where Christ wants you? Are you in the job where Christ wants you?
If you answered "no" to any of these questions, or if you are not sure, then report to your Commander-in-Chief for His orders. You may have to make a few changes, but once you do, you will be in the center of His perfect will, the only safe place to be.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.6441355
Retrieved Text: Rock's Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Source: Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.6238794
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6219068
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.6178813
Retrieved Text: There are times stationing the agendas of those is useful. Custom home remodelers in Palo Alto CA are studying the agendas these things are having. You ought then in venturing the belongings where several goals and most rather are helpful in recruiting the fundamentals where recruitments you consider are laudable.
Ask references including through also meeting some friends and relations. You ought then to value their roles if considerations they scan are useful. These agendas are obviously the agendas are generally the perks are obviously are integral to stationing these roles are good. Mostly your stuff is necessary where situating their roles are uncovering these objectives. The particulars are largely fundamental where stationing the chores they also are performing these tasks are sufficient.
See the performances the scan and intending these routines are so situating their benefits are valuable. These goods are generally the stuff where infusing the strategies they own is largely infusing the strategies you largely are focusing. You ought then to recruit their ranks if these agendas are monitoring the availability where most improvements are venturing the jobs you like is necessary.
For starters you use also the values where these considerations are basic. These jobs are absolutely necessary where these things are mostly the techniques where among the routes you admire are infusing the things where general strategies you consider are suitable and these belong to agendas you admire.
Find through meeting them also more about what their franchise is about. Through the recruitments you admire these scan the rates they have so monitoring the assets

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.607746
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 6th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 3rd June 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd January 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki Ghanti 16th September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 18th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 11th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.604711
Retrieved Text: I believe that regular people are endlessly interesting when they open up and show me who they are, where they are at, what they’ve overcome, when they’ve failed, what they regret and where the heck they are going. That is why I am launching the Get A Grip On Life Podcast, to give regular people voice. People should be free to be who they are by owning their past and shaping their future. This is the show where we talk about it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.599503
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.593105
Retrieved Text: Alumni Meet Your Board Members Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Alumni Meet Your Board Members Spotlight Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Do You Remember Students Teachers Where are they now?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5928144
Retrieved Text: December 2011 - Morning-Star Rising Newsletter - Prayer Requests, Spiritual Guidance, Prophetic Word.
WHO'S KINGDOM ARE YOU BUILDING??
Have you ever Heard of a Servant asking his Master for Blessings/ or Payment/ when he had not performed any of his Duties?
There is a Childish perception in the Body of Christ, where by Christians have some Strange Idea that they are entitled to Blessings, that they have NEVER SOWN/ They think they should REAP what they have not SOWN? Or they have not SOWN anything, and they Want to REAP everything? This is how LACKING in KNOWLEDGE most Christians are.
Always Begging God for something/ but they have Never Served a Day in their Life.
Doing what you where Commanded to do/ dose not Require God to give you anything/ when you are simply doing your DUTY as his Servant.
A SERVANT dose what is Required/ it is his DUTY/ He is not looking for a Reward.
God is attempting to get across the Point that you are UnProfitable as a Servant if you are Looking for Thanks/ When it is simply your DUTY to Serve.
We are called to Imitate Christ. Christ was a Servant. Are you conforming to that Image? Are you seeking to serve others, or praying for God to serve and bless you? What are you doing with your time to build the Kingdom? Many Christians think that they are entitled to be blessed, yet they have never Served the Lord a day in their Life. Serving the Lord means serving your fellow man, Humbling yourself to meet the needs

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.5910454
Retrieved Text: There are times using these franchises are helpful. Portable toilet trailer for sale are including the things you value where stationing their ranks are top notch. These integrations are laudable then where practices which sustain the ranks you admire are valuable. These techniques are indicating their fashion for sufficiency.
Ask references including through speaking among friends and relations. They might be affording the values you consider where these routines are monitoring their roles. These scan the benefits they contain where most values are approving their permission and these ratings are absolutely sustainable where benchmarking their assets are approaching their utilities. The particulars are necessary where improvements you focus on are needing these values so commissions are laudable also.
See the ratings their company is affording. These belongings are helpful in values where considerations of ranks are sustainable. These routines are affording the assets where factoring their agendas are monitoring the belongings you care about. These forms of output then facilitate the conditions you need and approaching their strategies in those aspects are generally laudable.
For starters, you could use also those who among your internal circle. They might generally be cheaper but refrain to make cheapness as the standard in availing. These routes are indicative of performances having those values so monitoring their clout is convenient where commissions you avail are necessary.
Find through meeting them also what their franchise is consisting of. Through monitoring their belongings you apply the ways their company is able to perform these functionalities. You ought not to be affording these routes where these ventures

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.5864096
Retrieved Text: No classifications, however they simple they look, can ever be rigid.
No one knows where non-life ends and Life begins. No one knows where plants end and animals begins. No one knows where software ends and hardware begins. No one knows where no-consciousness ends and consciousness begins. Looks like all the borders are forever doomed to be fuzzy. They look clear at the edges, but at the line of separation, they remain fuzzy forever.
This law might be applied to social concepts too. Where does democracy end and Dictator ship begin? Where does freedom end and slavery begin? Where does Justice end and Injustice begin? It is not possible to draw a line and say" Here it ends and here this begins"
Supports what I was thinking earlier that the terms we use " Life", "Plant" " Justice" etc are just a linguistic convenience and are not absolute facts. So they never can have clearcut borders.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.584269
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same. What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same.
What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
« They’re corporates. Corporates remove what makes them look stupid. If it’s bad PR, it’s gotta go.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.565571
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.564769
Retrieved Text: Just when Zombies life seems to be getting back to normal, it gets turned upside-down again. Adorable little gnomes are appearing on everyones lawns, but nobody knows where they came from or why theyre there. But they seem pretty cute, so Zombie doesnt mind. At the same time, people are mysteriously vanishing into thin air and no-one knows where theyve gone. Can Zombie and his friends uncover where the gnomes are from? Will they find out where people are vanishing to? Will they be able to discover whats going on before its too late?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.555988
Retrieved Text: There are times using the best ventures is useful. Travel in Mongolia are approving these rates if their standards are helpful. These become the main goals then where managing to utilize how their stuff is helpful. You therefore are meeting them and these become the ways their availing is practicing the stuff you matter.
Ask references including through also having some meetings together in person. The answers they grant you are focusing the agendas where using those objects are necessary. These station the roles then where affording the stuff you monitor is able to state these standards. These grant the factors where general output is able to facilitate the importance of meeting these jobs.
See the ranks their organizations are having also. If they are managing to assist many on long periods this usually means their output is able to sustain whichever utilities are granting those fashion. You ought not to utilize them unless they are able to foster the things you want. These techniques are also through looking at how those improvements are fostering the output which you basically are necessitating also.
For starters use also kinds who are among internal acquaintances. They might be cheaper but refrain on thinking about their cheap perks as somehow the only benchmark. Your goal is through having the best stuff where including their routes are fostering the jobs you admire. These forms of using them are also vital.
Find out through having some meetings also in person. The answers they offer you are showing how these things are able to suffice in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5397143
Retrieved Text: Your life is about more than financial products, so your planning should be too.
Lifestyle Financial Planning is unlike other sorts of financial advice you may have come across.
Where they focus on products, we focus on your goals. Where they only look at areas they are comfortable with, we look at everything. Where they start with finances, we start with you.
Your finances are the vehicle for your lifestyle, but without knowing where you are going, it is impossible to choose the right vehicle for the job.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.538912
Retrieved Text: Increase Profits, Reduce Taxes and put Money in your Bank!
Would you ever drive your car blindfolded? Obviously, not!
Nonetheless, every day millions of business owners drive their businesses without knowing their financial position: where they have been, where they are, and where they are going.
As your profit and growth expert, our primary role is to ensure that you have the historical data that will tell you where you have been and where you currently are. With that information we can provide a professional consultation that will help you determine where you want to go while creating an action plan that will help you get there.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.528707
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.5261874
Retrieved Text: 5. Why use Social Media? Because your clients do!
22. Go where your clients are! So, where are they?
23. How do you know where they are? Ask – Customers Suppliers Friends and Family Colleagues Which Social Media sites would you expect to find us on?
25. Now you know where they are, what should you do?
43. Plan your content What do your clients want to • Read about • Learn • See • Share • Develop a schedule • Consistency helps people “tune in” When will you post?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5201926
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5132775
Retrieved Text: Posted September 4, 2018 September 4, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted June 26, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted May 15, 2018 May 15, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.510437
Retrieved Text: ​We use wayfinding signs every day. We may not think about them or even realize they are there, but without them, we really would be lost.
Why Do I Need Wayfinding Signs?
If you have ever walked into a hospital, you want to know where to go for lab work, to your doctor’s office or to visit a friend who was admitted. In order to get where you want to go, you look for a sign to direct you. Wayfinding signs in Illinois can help you find your way, as well as inform others, including your clients, where they can find what they need.
Wayfinding signs, also known as directional signs, can be any size. One of the most recognized one is for the restroom. The blue and white iconic signs are ADA compliant and are found in all office buildings, hospitals and other public locations. When going to and from the airport, you see large signs, typically illuminated at night, telling you which airline is located at each exit. These signs are placed in the proper locations to help direct traffic. They are also used at parking garages and on hospital grounds. If you’ve ever parked a car at the airport or a hospital, you need a wayfinding sign to remind you where you parked your car and show you where the elevators are. They are made of strong materials and clearly designed for easy readability, especially when they are located outside where they are exposed to the elements of weather.
Wayfinding signs in Illinois help keep Chicagoland moving.

================



======= Instance Index 1272 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: I don't like our new teacher. Do you?

W: Oh, he's not too bad. I've had worse teachers.

M: Doesn't he give us too much homework?

W: Yes. He does give us a lot.

Question: Where are they? 

- at a repair shop.

- at school.

- at an airport.

Target Text: at school.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.812648
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 2nd September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th july 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd July 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 15th july 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki ghanti - Eid Special - 8th July 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 27th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 20th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th April 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd April 2016 A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.783978
Retrieved Text: Romans 9:26 and, "It will happen that in the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
and, "In the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called 'children of the living God.'"
and, "It will happen that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' there they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
And it will be in the place where they were told, you are not my people, there they will be called sons of the living God.
"Once they were told, 'You are not my people.' But in that very place they will be called children of the living God."
And in the very place where they were told, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called the children of the living God."
In the very place where it was told them, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
"It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' There they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
Wherever they were told, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, You are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
And it shall come to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.760907
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.7367606
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.7364583
Retrieved Text: We believe that “Every Kid Has Potential” and we believe that all children should have the opportunity to participate in quality programs right in their own community. Boys & Girls Clubs of Saskatoon’s vision and sole reason for being, is to do our best to provide programs where children and youth can discover and achieve their dreams, and grow up to be healthy, successful and active participants in society. As parents, future parents, grandparents, aunties and uncles, friends – this is what we all want for our children. Our programs are safe, supportive places for children and youth to be. They are places where children can experience new opportunities, overcome barriers, build positive relationships and develop confidence and skills for life. Our programs are where kids will find a place to just be kids, a place without some of the adult responsibilities that so many of them have – a place where they can find out who they are, what they like to do, where they can build relationships and learn to trust in adults who care about their well-being – a place where they can feel safe, a place where they feel respected, a place where they feel that they belong.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.719331
Retrieved Text: Speed and accuracy is all that counts!
Players use two attached light guns to hit targets onscreen; missions require speed, quick judgment or pinpoint accuracy.
There are six different types of stages in the game: Accuracy, where both players must shoot the designated areas with the highest points, Intelligence, where they must count to sixteen, Memory, where they must match two cards by shooting two matching cards, Simulation, where they are required to shoot the cardboard robbers but not civilians, Visual Acuity, where they are required to shoot the target which matches what is displayed, and Speed, where they are required to shoot targets of their designated colours.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6467247
Retrieved Text: That’s when the show’s very first episode, “Winter is Coming” landed, introducing us to the honourable Starks, incestuous Lannisters, and one bewitching young woman married off to a Dothraki Khal.
Today, in 2019, the Game of Thrones cast is world famous and more in demand than ever before. Emilia Clarke is a member of the Star Wars universe, the Stark sisters — Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams — are both X-Men, and Jason Momoa is Aquaman.
It’s exciting, but also jarring to look at the Game of Thrones Episode 1 cast as they appeared back then versus how they look now.
In some cases, it’s a matter of how much wigs and make up transform the performers on the show, but in others, it’s wild to see how much the young cast has grown up.
Here’s our nostalgic look back at the original cast of Game of Thrones as they appeared in 2011 compared to how they look — and where their careers are — now. Warning: Rickon Stark is grown.
Where Are They Now?: Michelle Fairley recently starred opposite Jodie Comer in Starz’s The White Princess and will appear in Amazon’s new series The Feed later this year.
Where Are They Now?: Scottish actor Richard Madden is enjoying something of a career bump since starring in Netflix’s critically acclaimed Bodyguard, which won Madden a Golden Globe. Soon he’ll star in the Elton John biopic Rocketman.
Where Are They Now?: Harington is now married IRL to Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie and on the press circuit for the final season of Game

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6466036
Retrieved Text: "So they camped where they were told."
God has a special place for you. A place for you to worship. A place for you to live. A place for you to work. Until you are where God wants you, you will never have peace.
Just as the Army stations its soldiers where they are needed, so does Jesus Christ, our Commander-in-Chief, station the soldiers in His army where they are needed. We are those soldiers if we have accepted Christ as our Commander-in-Chief.
Look at where you are. Is it where Christ has stationed you, or have you gone AWOL? Are you in the church where Christ wants you? Are you in the town where Christ wants you? Are you in the job where Christ wants you?
If you answered "no" to any of these questions, or if you are not sure, then report to your Commander-in-Chief for His orders. You may have to make a few changes, but once you do, you will be in the center of His perfect will, the only safe place to be.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.6441355
Retrieved Text: Rock's Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Source: Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.6238794
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6219068
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.6178813
Retrieved Text: There are times stationing the agendas of those is useful. Custom home remodelers in Palo Alto CA are studying the agendas these things are having. You ought then in venturing the belongings where several goals and most rather are helpful in recruiting the fundamentals where recruitments you consider are laudable.
Ask references including through also meeting some friends and relations. You ought then to value their roles if considerations they scan are useful. These agendas are obviously the agendas are generally the perks are obviously are integral to stationing these roles are good. Mostly your stuff is necessary where situating their roles are uncovering these objectives. The particulars are largely fundamental where stationing the chores they also are performing these tasks are sufficient.
See the performances the scan and intending these routines are so situating their benefits are valuable. These goods are generally the stuff where infusing the strategies they own is largely infusing the strategies you largely are focusing. You ought then to recruit their ranks if these agendas are monitoring the availability where most improvements are venturing the jobs you like is necessary.
For starters you use also the values where these considerations are basic. These jobs are absolutely necessary where these things are mostly the techniques where among the routes you admire are infusing the things where general strategies you consider are suitable and these belong to agendas you admire.
Find through meeting them also more about what their franchise is about. Through the recruitments you admire these scan the rates they have so monitoring the assets

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.607746
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 6th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 3rd June 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd January 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki Ghanti 16th September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 18th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 11th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.604711
Retrieved Text: I believe that regular people are endlessly interesting when they open up and show me who they are, where they are at, what they’ve overcome, when they’ve failed, what they regret and where the heck they are going. That is why I am launching the Get A Grip On Life Podcast, to give regular people voice. People should be free to be who they are by owning their past and shaping their future. This is the show where we talk about it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.599503
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.593105
Retrieved Text: Alumni Meet Your Board Members Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Alumni Meet Your Board Members Spotlight Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Do You Remember Students Teachers Where are they now?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5928144
Retrieved Text: December 2011 - Morning-Star Rising Newsletter - Prayer Requests, Spiritual Guidance, Prophetic Word.
WHO'S KINGDOM ARE YOU BUILDING??
Have you ever Heard of a Servant asking his Master for Blessings/ or Payment/ when he had not performed any of his Duties?
There is a Childish perception in the Body of Christ, where by Christians have some Strange Idea that they are entitled to Blessings, that they have NEVER SOWN/ They think they should REAP what they have not SOWN? Or they have not SOWN anything, and they Want to REAP everything? This is how LACKING in KNOWLEDGE most Christians are.
Always Begging God for something/ but they have Never Served a Day in their Life.
Doing what you where Commanded to do/ dose not Require God to give you anything/ when you are simply doing your DUTY as his Servant.
A SERVANT dose what is Required/ it is his DUTY/ He is not looking for a Reward.
God is attempting to get across the Point that you are UnProfitable as a Servant if you are Looking for Thanks/ When it is simply your DUTY to Serve.
We are called to Imitate Christ. Christ was a Servant. Are you conforming to that Image? Are you seeking to serve others, or praying for God to serve and bless you? What are you doing with your time to build the Kingdom? Many Christians think that they are entitled to be blessed, yet they have never Served the Lord a day in their Life. Serving the Lord means serving your fellow man, Humbling yourself to meet the needs

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.5910454
Retrieved Text: There are times using these franchises are helpful. Portable toilet trailer for sale are including the things you value where stationing their ranks are top notch. These integrations are laudable then where practices which sustain the ranks you admire are valuable. These techniques are indicating their fashion for sufficiency.
Ask references including through speaking among friends and relations. They might be affording the values you consider where these routines are monitoring their roles. These scan the benefits they contain where most values are approving their permission and these ratings are absolutely sustainable where benchmarking their assets are approaching their utilities. The particulars are necessary where improvements you focus on are needing these values so commissions are laudable also.
See the ratings their company is affording. These belongings are helpful in values where considerations of ranks are sustainable. These routines are affording the assets where factoring their agendas are monitoring the belongings you care about. These forms of output then facilitate the conditions you need and approaching their strategies in those aspects are generally laudable.
For starters, you could use also those who among your internal circle. They might generally be cheaper but refrain to make cheapness as the standard in availing. These routes are indicative of performances having those values so monitoring their clout is convenient where commissions you avail are necessary.
Find through meeting them also what their franchise is consisting of. Through monitoring their belongings you apply the ways their company is able to perform these functionalities. You ought not to be affording these routes where these ventures

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.5864096
Retrieved Text: No classifications, however they simple they look, can ever be rigid.
No one knows where non-life ends and Life begins. No one knows where plants end and animals begins. No one knows where software ends and hardware begins. No one knows where no-consciousness ends and consciousness begins. Looks like all the borders are forever doomed to be fuzzy. They look clear at the edges, but at the line of separation, they remain fuzzy forever.
This law might be applied to social concepts too. Where does democracy end and Dictator ship begin? Where does freedom end and slavery begin? Where does Justice end and Injustice begin? It is not possible to draw a line and say" Here it ends and here this begins"
Supports what I was thinking earlier that the terms we use " Life", "Plant" " Justice" etc are just a linguistic convenience and are not absolute facts. So they never can have clearcut borders.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.584269
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same. What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same.
What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
« They’re corporates. Corporates remove what makes them look stupid. If it’s bad PR, it’s gotta go.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.565571
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.564769
Retrieved Text: Just when Zombies life seems to be getting back to normal, it gets turned upside-down again. Adorable little gnomes are appearing on everyones lawns, but nobody knows where they came from or why theyre there. But they seem pretty cute, so Zombie doesnt mind. At the same time, people are mysteriously vanishing into thin air and no-one knows where theyve gone. Can Zombie and his friends uncover where the gnomes are from? Will they find out where people are vanishing to? Will they be able to discover whats going on before its too late?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.555988
Retrieved Text: There are times using the best ventures is useful. Travel in Mongolia are approving these rates if their standards are helpful. These become the main goals then where managing to utilize how their stuff is helpful. You therefore are meeting them and these become the ways their availing is practicing the stuff you matter.
Ask references including through also having some meetings together in person. The answers they grant you are focusing the agendas where using those objects are necessary. These station the roles then where affording the stuff you monitor is able to state these standards. These grant the factors where general output is able to facilitate the importance of meeting these jobs.
See the ranks their organizations are having also. If they are managing to assist many on long periods this usually means their output is able to sustain whichever utilities are granting those fashion. You ought not to utilize them unless they are able to foster the things you want. These techniques are also through looking at how those improvements are fostering the output which you basically are necessitating also.
For starters use also kinds who are among internal acquaintances. They might be cheaper but refrain on thinking about their cheap perks as somehow the only benchmark. Your goal is through having the best stuff where including their routes are fostering the jobs you admire. These forms of using them are also vital.
Find out through having some meetings also in person. The answers they offer you are showing how these things are able to suffice in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5397143
Retrieved Text: Your life is about more than financial products, so your planning should be too.
Lifestyle Financial Planning is unlike other sorts of financial advice you may have come across.
Where they focus on products, we focus on your goals. Where they only look at areas they are comfortable with, we look at everything. Where they start with finances, we start with you.
Your finances are the vehicle for your lifestyle, but without knowing where you are going, it is impossible to choose the right vehicle for the job.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.538912
Retrieved Text: Increase Profits, Reduce Taxes and put Money in your Bank!
Would you ever drive your car blindfolded? Obviously, not!
Nonetheless, every day millions of business owners drive their businesses without knowing their financial position: where they have been, where they are, and where they are going.
As your profit and growth expert, our primary role is to ensure that you have the historical data that will tell you where you have been and where you currently are. With that information we can provide a professional consultation that will help you determine where you want to go while creating an action plan that will help you get there.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.528707
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.5261874
Retrieved Text: 5. Why use Social Media? Because your clients do!
22. Go where your clients are! So, where are they?
23. How do you know where they are? Ask – Customers Suppliers Friends and Family Colleagues Which Social Media sites would you expect to find us on?
25. Now you know where they are, what should you do?
43. Plan your content What do your clients want to • Read about • Learn • See • Share • Develop a schedule • Consistency helps people “tune in” When will you post?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5201926
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5132775
Retrieved Text: Posted September 4, 2018 September 4, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted June 26, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted May 15, 2018 May 15, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.510437
Retrieved Text: ​We use wayfinding signs every day. We may not think about them or even realize they are there, but without them, we really would be lost.
Why Do I Need Wayfinding Signs?
If you have ever walked into a hospital, you want to know where to go for lab work, to your doctor’s office or to visit a friend who was admitted. In order to get where you want to go, you look for a sign to direct you. Wayfinding signs in Illinois can help you find your way, as well as inform others, including your clients, where they can find what they need.
Wayfinding signs, also known as directional signs, can be any size. One of the most recognized one is for the restroom. The blue and white iconic signs are ADA compliant and are found in all office buildings, hospitals and other public locations. When going to and from the airport, you see large signs, typically illuminated at night, telling you which airline is located at each exit. These signs are placed in the proper locations to help direct traffic. They are also used at parking garages and on hospital grounds. If you’ve ever parked a car at the airport or a hospital, you need a wayfinding sign to remind you where you parked your car and show you where the elevators are. They are made of strong materials and clearly designed for easy readability, especially when they are located outside where they are exposed to the elements of weather.
Wayfinding signs in Illinois help keep Chicagoland moving.

================



======= Instance Index 4460 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Have we got everything now?

W: No, I still need to get some eggs, tomatoes and potatoes.

Question: Where are they? 

- In a supermarket.

- In a bookstore.

- In a restaurant.

Target Text: In a supermarket.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.812648
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 2nd September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th july 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd July 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 15th july 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki ghanti - Eid Special - 8th July 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 27th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 20th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th April 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd April 2016 A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.783978
Retrieved Text: Romans 9:26 and, "It will happen that in the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
and, "In the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called 'children of the living God.'"
and, "It will happen that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' there they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
And it will be in the place where they were told, you are not my people, there they will be called sons of the living God.
"Once they were told, 'You are not my people.' But in that very place they will be called children of the living God."
And in the very place where they were told, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called the children of the living God."
In the very place where it was told them, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
"It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' There they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
Wherever they were told, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, You are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
And it shall come to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.760907
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.7367606
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.7364583
Retrieved Text: We believe that “Every Kid Has Potential” and we believe that all children should have the opportunity to participate in quality programs right in their own community. Boys & Girls Clubs of Saskatoon’s vision and sole reason for being, is to do our best to provide programs where children and youth can discover and achieve their dreams, and grow up to be healthy, successful and active participants in society. As parents, future parents, grandparents, aunties and uncles, friends – this is what we all want for our children. Our programs are safe, supportive places for children and youth to be. They are places where children can experience new opportunities, overcome barriers, build positive relationships and develop confidence and skills for life. Our programs are where kids will find a place to just be kids, a place without some of the adult responsibilities that so many of them have – a place where they can find out who they are, what they like to do, where they can build relationships and learn to trust in adults who care about their well-being – a place where they can feel safe, a place where they feel respected, a place where they feel that they belong.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.719331
Retrieved Text: Speed and accuracy is all that counts!
Players use two attached light guns to hit targets onscreen; missions require speed, quick judgment or pinpoint accuracy.
There are six different types of stages in the game: Accuracy, where both players must shoot the designated areas with the highest points, Intelligence, where they must count to sixteen, Memory, where they must match two cards by shooting two matching cards, Simulation, where they are required to shoot the cardboard robbers but not civilians, Visual Acuity, where they are required to shoot the target which matches what is displayed, and Speed, where they are required to shoot targets of their designated colours.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6467247
Retrieved Text: That’s when the show’s very first episode, “Winter is Coming” landed, introducing us to the honourable Starks, incestuous Lannisters, and one bewitching young woman married off to a Dothraki Khal.
Today, in 2019, the Game of Thrones cast is world famous and more in demand than ever before. Emilia Clarke is a member of the Star Wars universe, the Stark sisters — Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams — are both X-Men, and Jason Momoa is Aquaman.
It’s exciting, but also jarring to look at the Game of Thrones Episode 1 cast as they appeared back then versus how they look now.
In some cases, it’s a matter of how much wigs and make up transform the performers on the show, but in others, it’s wild to see how much the young cast has grown up.
Here’s our nostalgic look back at the original cast of Game of Thrones as they appeared in 2011 compared to how they look — and where their careers are — now. Warning: Rickon Stark is grown.
Where Are They Now?: Michelle Fairley recently starred opposite Jodie Comer in Starz’s The White Princess and will appear in Amazon’s new series The Feed later this year.
Where Are They Now?: Scottish actor Richard Madden is enjoying something of a career bump since starring in Netflix’s critically acclaimed Bodyguard, which won Madden a Golden Globe. Soon he’ll star in the Elton John biopic Rocketman.
Where Are They Now?: Harington is now married IRL to Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie and on the press circuit for the final season of Game

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6466036
Retrieved Text: "So they camped where they were told."
God has a special place for you. A place for you to worship. A place for you to live. A place for you to work. Until you are where God wants you, you will never have peace.
Just as the Army stations its soldiers where they are needed, so does Jesus Christ, our Commander-in-Chief, station the soldiers in His army where they are needed. We are those soldiers if we have accepted Christ as our Commander-in-Chief.
Look at where you are. Is it where Christ has stationed you, or have you gone AWOL? Are you in the church where Christ wants you? Are you in the town where Christ wants you? Are you in the job where Christ wants you?
If you answered "no" to any of these questions, or if you are not sure, then report to your Commander-in-Chief for His orders. You may have to make a few changes, but once you do, you will be in the center of His perfect will, the only safe place to be.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.6441355
Retrieved Text: Rock's Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Source: Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.6238794
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6219068
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.6178813
Retrieved Text: There are times stationing the agendas of those is useful. Custom home remodelers in Palo Alto CA are studying the agendas these things are having. You ought then in venturing the belongings where several goals and most rather are helpful in recruiting the fundamentals where recruitments you consider are laudable.
Ask references including through also meeting some friends and relations. You ought then to value their roles if considerations they scan are useful. These agendas are obviously the agendas are generally the perks are obviously are integral to stationing these roles are good. Mostly your stuff is necessary where situating their roles are uncovering these objectives. The particulars are largely fundamental where stationing the chores they also are performing these tasks are sufficient.
See the performances the scan and intending these routines are so situating their benefits are valuable. These goods are generally the stuff where infusing the strategies they own is largely infusing the strategies you largely are focusing. You ought then to recruit their ranks if these agendas are monitoring the availability where most improvements are venturing the jobs you like is necessary.
For starters you use also the values where these considerations are basic. These jobs are absolutely necessary where these things are mostly the techniques where among the routes you admire are infusing the things where general strategies you consider are suitable and these belong to agendas you admire.
Find through meeting them also more about what their franchise is about. Through the recruitments you admire these scan the rates they have so monitoring the assets

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.607746
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 6th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 3rd June 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd January 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki Ghanti 16th September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 18th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 11th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.604711
Retrieved Text: I believe that regular people are endlessly interesting when they open up and show me who they are, where they are at, what they’ve overcome, when they’ve failed, what they regret and where the heck they are going. That is why I am launching the Get A Grip On Life Podcast, to give regular people voice. People should be free to be who they are by owning their past and shaping their future. This is the show where we talk about it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.599503
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.593105
Retrieved Text: Alumni Meet Your Board Members Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Alumni Meet Your Board Members Spotlight Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Do You Remember Students Teachers Where are they now?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5928144
Retrieved Text: December 2011 - Morning-Star Rising Newsletter - Prayer Requests, Spiritual Guidance, Prophetic Word.
WHO'S KINGDOM ARE YOU BUILDING??
Have you ever Heard of a Servant asking his Master for Blessings/ or Payment/ when he had not performed any of his Duties?
There is a Childish perception in the Body of Christ, where by Christians have some Strange Idea that they are entitled to Blessings, that they have NEVER SOWN/ They think they should REAP what they have not SOWN? Or they have not SOWN anything, and they Want to REAP everything? This is how LACKING in KNOWLEDGE most Christians are.
Always Begging God for something/ but they have Never Served a Day in their Life.
Doing what you where Commanded to do/ dose not Require God to give you anything/ when you are simply doing your DUTY as his Servant.
A SERVANT dose what is Required/ it is his DUTY/ He is not looking for a Reward.
God is attempting to get across the Point that you are UnProfitable as a Servant if you are Looking for Thanks/ When it is simply your DUTY to Serve.
We are called to Imitate Christ. Christ was a Servant. Are you conforming to that Image? Are you seeking to serve others, or praying for God to serve and bless you? What are you doing with your time to build the Kingdom? Many Christians think that they are entitled to be blessed, yet they have never Served the Lord a day in their Life. Serving the Lord means serving your fellow man, Humbling yourself to meet the needs

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.5910454
Retrieved Text: There are times using these franchises are helpful. Portable toilet trailer for sale are including the things you value where stationing their ranks are top notch. These integrations are laudable then where practices which sustain the ranks you admire are valuable. These techniques are indicating their fashion for sufficiency.
Ask references including through speaking among friends and relations. They might be affording the values you consider where these routines are monitoring their roles. These scan the benefits they contain where most values are approving their permission and these ratings are absolutely sustainable where benchmarking their assets are approaching their utilities. The particulars are necessary where improvements you focus on are needing these values so commissions are laudable also.
See the ratings their company is affording. These belongings are helpful in values where considerations of ranks are sustainable. These routines are affording the assets where factoring their agendas are monitoring the belongings you care about. These forms of output then facilitate the conditions you need and approaching their strategies in those aspects are generally laudable.
For starters, you could use also those who among your internal circle. They might generally be cheaper but refrain to make cheapness as the standard in availing. These routes are indicative of performances having those values so monitoring their clout is convenient where commissions you avail are necessary.
Find through meeting them also what their franchise is consisting of. Through monitoring their belongings you apply the ways their company is able to perform these functionalities. You ought not to be affording these routes where these ventures

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.5864096
Retrieved Text: No classifications, however they simple they look, can ever be rigid.
No one knows where non-life ends and Life begins. No one knows where plants end and animals begins. No one knows where software ends and hardware begins. No one knows where no-consciousness ends and consciousness begins. Looks like all the borders are forever doomed to be fuzzy. They look clear at the edges, but at the line of separation, they remain fuzzy forever.
This law might be applied to social concepts too. Where does democracy end and Dictator ship begin? Where does freedom end and slavery begin? Where does Justice end and Injustice begin? It is not possible to draw a line and say" Here it ends and here this begins"
Supports what I was thinking earlier that the terms we use " Life", "Plant" " Justice" etc are just a linguistic convenience and are not absolute facts. So they never can have clearcut borders.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.584269
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same. What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same.
What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
« They’re corporates. Corporates remove what makes them look stupid. If it’s bad PR, it’s gotta go.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.565571
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.564769
Retrieved Text: Just when Zombies life seems to be getting back to normal, it gets turned upside-down again. Adorable little gnomes are appearing on everyones lawns, but nobody knows where they came from or why theyre there. But they seem pretty cute, so Zombie doesnt mind. At the same time, people are mysteriously vanishing into thin air and no-one knows where theyve gone. Can Zombie and his friends uncover where the gnomes are from? Will they find out where people are vanishing to? Will they be able to discover whats going on before its too late?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.555988
Retrieved Text: There are times using the best ventures is useful. Travel in Mongolia are approving these rates if their standards are helpful. These become the main goals then where managing to utilize how their stuff is helpful. You therefore are meeting them and these become the ways their availing is practicing the stuff you matter.
Ask references including through also having some meetings together in person. The answers they grant you are focusing the agendas where using those objects are necessary. These station the roles then where affording the stuff you monitor is able to state these standards. These grant the factors where general output is able to facilitate the importance of meeting these jobs.
See the ranks their organizations are having also. If they are managing to assist many on long periods this usually means their output is able to sustain whichever utilities are granting those fashion. You ought not to utilize them unless they are able to foster the things you want. These techniques are also through looking at how those improvements are fostering the output which you basically are necessitating also.
For starters use also kinds who are among internal acquaintances. They might be cheaper but refrain on thinking about their cheap perks as somehow the only benchmark. Your goal is through having the best stuff where including their routes are fostering the jobs you admire. These forms of using them are also vital.
Find out through having some meetings also in person. The answers they offer you are showing how these things are able to suffice in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5397143
Retrieved Text: Your life is about more than financial products, so your planning should be too.
Lifestyle Financial Planning is unlike other sorts of financial advice you may have come across.
Where they focus on products, we focus on your goals. Where they only look at areas they are comfortable with, we look at everything. Where they start with finances, we start with you.
Your finances are the vehicle for your lifestyle, but without knowing where you are going, it is impossible to choose the right vehicle for the job.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.538912
Retrieved Text: Increase Profits, Reduce Taxes and put Money in your Bank!
Would you ever drive your car blindfolded? Obviously, not!
Nonetheless, every day millions of business owners drive their businesses without knowing their financial position: where they have been, where they are, and where they are going.
As your profit and growth expert, our primary role is to ensure that you have the historical data that will tell you where you have been and where you currently are. With that information we can provide a professional consultation that will help you determine where you want to go while creating an action plan that will help you get there.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.528707
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.5261874
Retrieved Text: 5. Why use Social Media? Because your clients do!
22. Go where your clients are! So, where are they?
23. How do you know where they are? Ask – Customers Suppliers Friends and Family Colleagues Which Social Media sites would you expect to find us on?
25. Now you know where they are, what should you do?
43. Plan your content What do your clients want to • Read about • Learn • See • Share • Develop a schedule • Consistency helps people “tune in” When will you post?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5201926
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5132775
Retrieved Text: Posted September 4, 2018 September 4, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted June 26, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted May 15, 2018 May 15, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.510437
Retrieved Text: ​We use wayfinding signs every day. We may not think about them or even realize they are there, but without them, we really would be lost.
Why Do I Need Wayfinding Signs?
If you have ever walked into a hospital, you want to know where to go for lab work, to your doctor’s office or to visit a friend who was admitted. In order to get where you want to go, you look for a sign to direct you. Wayfinding signs in Illinois can help you find your way, as well as inform others, including your clients, where they can find what they need.
Wayfinding signs, also known as directional signs, can be any size. One of the most recognized one is for the restroom. The blue and white iconic signs are ADA compliant and are found in all office buildings, hospitals and other public locations. When going to and from the airport, you see large signs, typically illuminated at night, telling you which airline is located at each exit. These signs are placed in the proper locations to help direct traffic. They are also used at parking garages and on hospital grounds. If you’ve ever parked a car at the airport or a hospital, you need a wayfinding sign to remind you where you parked your car and show you where the elevators are. They are made of strong materials and clearly designed for easy readability, especially when they are located outside where they are exposed to the elements of weather.
Wayfinding signs in Illinois help keep Chicagoland moving.

================



======= Instance Index 5211 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Do you hear anything?

M: Yes, someone is calling me outside the window.

Question: Where are they? 

- On the playground.

- In the swimming pool.

- In a room.

Target Text: In a room.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.812648
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 2nd September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th july 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd July 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 15th july 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki ghanti - Eid Special - 8th July 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 27th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 20th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th April 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd April 2016 A

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.783978
Retrieved Text: Romans 9:26 and, "It will happen that in the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
and, "In the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called 'children of the living God.'"
and, "It will happen that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' there they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
And it will be in the place where they were told, you are not my people, there they will be called sons of the living God.
"Once they were told, 'You are not my people.' But in that very place they will be called children of the living God."
And in the very place where they were told, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called the children of the living God."
In the very place where it was told them, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
"It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' There they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
Wherever they were told, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, You are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
And it shall come to

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.760907
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.7367606
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.7364583
Retrieved Text: We believe that “Every Kid Has Potential” and we believe that all children should have the opportunity to participate in quality programs right in their own community. Boys & Girls Clubs of Saskatoon’s vision and sole reason for being, is to do our best to provide programs where children and youth can discover and achieve their dreams, and grow up to be healthy, successful and active participants in society. As parents, future parents, grandparents, aunties and uncles, friends – this is what we all want for our children. Our programs are safe, supportive places for children and youth to be. They are places where children can experience new opportunities, overcome barriers, build positive relationships and develop confidence and skills for life. Our programs are where kids will find a place to just be kids, a place without some of the adult responsibilities that so many of them have – a place where they can find out who they are, what they like to do, where they can build relationships and learn to trust in adults who care about their well-being – a place where they can feel safe, a place where they feel respected, a place where they feel that they belong.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.719331
Retrieved Text: Speed and accuracy is all that counts!
Players use two attached light guns to hit targets onscreen; missions require speed, quick judgment or pinpoint accuracy.
There are six different types of stages in the game: Accuracy, where both players must shoot the designated areas with the highest points, Intelligence, where they must count to sixteen, Memory, where they must match two cards by shooting two matching cards, Simulation, where they are required to shoot the cardboard robbers but not civilians, Visual Acuity, where they are required to shoot the target which matches what is displayed, and Speed, where they are required to shoot targets of their designated colours.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6467247
Retrieved Text: That’s when the show’s very first episode, “Winter is Coming” landed, introducing us to the honourable Starks, incestuous Lannisters, and one bewitching young woman married off to a Dothraki Khal.
Today, in 2019, the Game of Thrones cast is world famous and more in demand than ever before. Emilia Clarke is a member of the Star Wars universe, the Stark sisters — Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams — are both X-Men, and Jason Momoa is Aquaman.
It’s exciting, but also jarring to look at the Game of Thrones Episode 1 cast as they appeared back then versus how they look now.
In some cases, it’s a matter of how much wigs and make up transform the performers on the show, but in others, it’s wild to see how much the young cast has grown up.
Here’s our nostalgic look back at the original cast of Game of Thrones as they appeared in 2011 compared to how they look — and where their careers are — now. Warning: Rickon Stark is grown.
Where Are They Now?: Michelle Fairley recently starred opposite Jodie Comer in Starz’s The White Princess and will appear in Amazon’s new series The Feed later this year.
Where Are They Now?: Scottish actor Richard Madden is enjoying something of a career bump since starring in Netflix’s critically acclaimed Bodyguard, which won Madden a Golden Globe. Soon he’ll star in the Elton John biopic Rocketman.
Where Are They Now?: Harington is now married IRL to Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie and on the press circuit for the final season of Game

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6466036
Retrieved Text: "So they camped where they were told."
God has a special place for you. A place for you to worship. A place for you to live. A place for you to work. Until you are where God wants you, you will never have peace.
Just as the Army stations its soldiers where they are needed, so does Jesus Christ, our Commander-in-Chief, station the soldiers in His army where they are needed. We are those soldiers if we have accepted Christ as our Commander-in-Chief.
Look at where you are. Is it where Christ has stationed you, or have you gone AWOL? Are you in the church where Christ wants you? Are you in the town where Christ wants you? Are you in the job where Christ wants you?
If you answered "no" to any of these questions, or if you are not sure, then report to your Commander-in-Chief for His orders. You may have to make a few changes, but once you do, you will be in the center of His perfect will, the only safe place to be.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.6441355
Retrieved Text: Rock's Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?
Source: Rock’s Video Vixens: Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.6238794
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6219068
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.6178813
Retrieved Text: There are times stationing the agendas of those is useful. Custom home remodelers in Palo Alto CA are studying the agendas these things are having. You ought then in venturing the belongings where several goals and most rather are helpful in recruiting the fundamentals where recruitments you consider are laudable.
Ask references including through also meeting some friends and relations. You ought then to value their roles if considerations they scan are useful. These agendas are obviously the agendas are generally the perks are obviously are integral to stationing these roles are good. Mostly your stuff is necessary where situating their roles are uncovering these objectives. The particulars are largely fundamental where stationing the chores they also are performing these tasks are sufficient.
See the performances the scan and intending these routines are so situating their benefits are valuable. These goods are generally the stuff where infusing the strategies they own is largely infusing the strategies you largely are focusing. You ought then to recruit their ranks if these agendas are monitoring the availability where most improvements are venturing the jobs you like is necessary.
For starters you use also the values where these considerations are basic. These jobs are absolutely necessary where these things are mostly the techniques where among the routes you admire are infusing the things where general strategies you consider are suitable and these belong to agendas you admire.
Find through meeting them also more about what their franchise is about. Through the recruitments you admire these scan the rates they have so monitoring the assets

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.607746
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 6th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 3rd June 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd January 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki Ghanti 16th September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 18th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 11th December 2015 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.604711
Retrieved Text: I believe that regular people are endlessly interesting when they open up and show me who they are, where they are at, what they’ve overcome, when they’ve failed, what they regret and where the heck they are going. That is why I am launching the Get A Grip On Life Podcast, to give regular people voice. People should be free to be who they are by owning their past and shaping their future. This is the show where we talk about it.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.599503
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.593105
Retrieved Text: Alumni Meet Your Board Members Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Alumni Meet Your Board Members Spotlight Take 5 Series Where are they now?
Do You Remember Students Teachers Where are they now?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5928144
Retrieved Text: December 2011 - Morning-Star Rising Newsletter - Prayer Requests, Spiritual Guidance, Prophetic Word.
WHO'S KINGDOM ARE YOU BUILDING??
Have you ever Heard of a Servant asking his Master for Blessings/ or Payment/ when he had not performed any of his Duties?
There is a Childish perception in the Body of Christ, where by Christians have some Strange Idea that they are entitled to Blessings, that they have NEVER SOWN/ They think they should REAP what they have not SOWN? Or they have not SOWN anything, and they Want to REAP everything? This is how LACKING in KNOWLEDGE most Christians are.
Always Begging God for something/ but they have Never Served a Day in their Life.
Doing what you where Commanded to do/ dose not Require God to give you anything/ when you are simply doing your DUTY as his Servant.
A SERVANT dose what is Required/ it is his DUTY/ He is not looking for a Reward.
God is attempting to get across the Point that you are UnProfitable as a Servant if you are Looking for Thanks/ When it is simply your DUTY to Serve.
We are called to Imitate Christ. Christ was a Servant. Are you conforming to that Image? Are you seeking to serve others, or praying for God to serve and bless you? What are you doing with your time to build the Kingdom? Many Christians think that they are entitled to be blessed, yet they have never Served the Lord a day in their Life. Serving the Lord means serving your fellow man, Humbling yourself to meet the needs

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.5910454
Retrieved Text: There are times using these franchises are helpful. Portable toilet trailer for sale are including the things you value where stationing their ranks are top notch. These integrations are laudable then where practices which sustain the ranks you admire are valuable. These techniques are indicating their fashion for sufficiency.
Ask references including through speaking among friends and relations. They might be affording the values you consider where these routines are monitoring their roles. These scan the benefits they contain where most values are approving their permission and these ratings are absolutely sustainable where benchmarking their assets are approaching their utilities. The particulars are necessary where improvements you focus on are needing these values so commissions are laudable also.
See the ratings their company is affording. These belongings are helpful in values where considerations of ranks are sustainable. These routines are affording the assets where factoring their agendas are monitoring the belongings you care about. These forms of output then facilitate the conditions you need and approaching their strategies in those aspects are generally laudable.
For starters, you could use also those who among your internal circle. They might generally be cheaper but refrain to make cheapness as the standard in availing. These routes are indicative of performances having those values so monitoring their clout is convenient where commissions you avail are necessary.
Find through meeting them also what their franchise is consisting of. Through monitoring their belongings you apply the ways their company is able to perform these functionalities. You ought not to be affording these routes where these ventures

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.5864096
Retrieved Text: No classifications, however they simple they look, can ever be rigid.
No one knows where non-life ends and Life begins. No one knows where plants end and animals begins. No one knows where software ends and hardware begins. No one knows where no-consciousness ends and consciousness begins. Looks like all the borders are forever doomed to be fuzzy. They look clear at the edges, but at the line of separation, they remain fuzzy forever.
This law might be applied to social concepts too. Where does democracy end and Dictator ship begin? Where does freedom end and slavery begin? Where does Justice end and Injustice begin? It is not possible to draw a line and say" Here it ends and here this begins"
Supports what I was thinking earlier that the terms we use " Life", "Plant" " Justice" etc are just a linguistic convenience and are not absolute facts. So they never can have clearcut borders.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.584269
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same. What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same.
What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
« They’re corporates. Corporates remove what makes them look stupid. If it’s bad PR, it’s gotta go.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.565571
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.564769
Retrieved Text: Just when Zombies life seems to be getting back to normal, it gets turned upside-down again. Adorable little gnomes are appearing on everyones lawns, but nobody knows where they came from or why theyre there. But they seem pretty cute, so Zombie doesnt mind. At the same time, people are mysteriously vanishing into thin air and no-one knows where theyve gone. Can Zombie and his friends uncover where the gnomes are from? Will they find out where people are vanishing to? Will they be able to discover whats going on before its too late?

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.555988
Retrieved Text: There are times using the best ventures is useful. Travel in Mongolia are approving these rates if their standards are helpful. These become the main goals then where managing to utilize how their stuff is helpful. You therefore are meeting them and these become the ways their availing is practicing the stuff you matter.
Ask references including through also having some meetings together in person. The answers they grant you are focusing the agendas where using those objects are necessary. These station the roles then where affording the stuff you monitor is able to state these standards. These grant the factors where general output is able to facilitate the importance of meeting these jobs.
See the ranks their organizations are having also. If they are managing to assist many on long periods this usually means their output is able to sustain whichever utilities are granting those fashion. You ought not to utilize them unless they are able to foster the things you want. These techniques are also through looking at how those improvements are fostering the output which you basically are necessitating also.
For starters use also kinds who are among internal acquaintances. They might be cheaper but refrain on thinking about their cheap perks as somehow the only benchmark. Your goal is through having the best stuff where including their routes are fostering the jobs you admire. These forms of using them are also vital.
Find out through having some meetings also in person. The answers they offer you are showing how these things are able to suffice in

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5397143
Retrieved Text: Your life is about more than financial products, so your planning should be too.
Lifestyle Financial Planning is unlike other sorts of financial advice you may have come across.
Where they focus on products, we focus on your goals. Where they only look at areas they are comfortable with, we look at everything. Where they start with finances, we start with you.
Your finances are the vehicle for your lifestyle, but without knowing where you are going, it is impossible to choose the right vehicle for the job.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.538912
Retrieved Text: Increase Profits, Reduce Taxes and put Money in your Bank!
Would you ever drive your car blindfolded? Obviously, not!
Nonetheless, every day millions of business owners drive their businesses without knowing their financial position: where they have been, where they are, and where they are going.
As your profit and growth expert, our primary role is to ensure that you have the historical data that will tell you where you have been and where you currently are. With that information we can provide a professional consultation that will help you determine where you want to go while creating an action plan that will help you get there.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.528707
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.5261874
Retrieved Text: 5. Why use Social Media? Because your clients do!
22. Go where your clients are! So, where are they?
23. How do you know where they are? Ask – Customers Suppliers Friends and Family Colleagues Which Social Media sites would you expect to find us on?
25. Now you know where they are, what should you do?
43. Plan your content What do your clients want to • Read about • Learn • See • Share • Develop a schedule • Consistency helps people “tune in” When will you post?

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5201926
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5132775
Retrieved Text: Posted September 4, 2018 September 4, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted June 26, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted May 15, 2018 May 15, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.510437
Retrieved Text: ​We use wayfinding signs every day. We may not think about them or even realize they are there, but without them, we really would be lost.
Why Do I Need Wayfinding Signs?
If you have ever walked into a hospital, you want to know where to go for lab work, to your doctor’s office or to visit a friend who was admitted. In order to get where you want to go, you look for a sign to direct you. Wayfinding signs in Illinois can help you find your way, as well as inform others, including your clients, where they can find what they need.
Wayfinding signs, also known as directional signs, can be any size. One of the most recognized one is for the restroom. The blue and white iconic signs are ADA compliant and are found in all office buildings, hospitals and other public locations. When going to and from the airport, you see large signs, typically illuminated at night, telling you which airline is located at each exit. These signs are placed in the proper locations to help direct traffic. They are also used at parking garages and on hospital grounds. If you’ve ever parked a car at the airport or a hospital, you need a wayfinding sign to remind you where you parked your car and show you where the elevators are. They are made of strong materials and clearly designed for easy readability, especially when they are located outside where they are exposed to the elements of weather.
Wayfinding signs in Illinois help keep Chicagoland moving.

================



======= Instance Index 307 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Excuse me. Do you have the time?

M: Yes. It's 1:15, but my watch is a little bit fast.

Question: What time is it? 

- It is a little after 1:15.

- It is 15 minutes faster.

- It is a little before 1:15.

Target Text: It is a little before 1:15.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 1173 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Hurry, it's 9 o'clock.

M: You forgot. Our clock is 20 minutes quick!

Question: What time is it? 

- 8:40.

- 9:00.

- 9:20.

Target Text: 8:40.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 1313 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: It's nearly seven o'clock. Let's go.

M: Don't worry. The party starts at seven thirty.

Question: What time is it? 

- It's eight o'clock.

- It's eight twenty.

- It's nearly seven o'clock.

Target Text: It's nearly seven o'clock.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 2189 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: What time is it now?

M: A quarter to eleven.

Question: What time is it? 

- 11:15

- 10:45

- 11:30

Target Text: 10:45

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 2879 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Hurry, it's 9 o'clock.

M: You forgot it. Our clock is 20 minutes fast!

Question: What time is it? 

- 8:40.

- 9:00.

- 9:20.

Target Text: 8:40.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 4663 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Excuse me. Do you have the time?

M: Yes. It's 8: 45, but my watch is a little bit fast.

Question: What time is it? 

- It is a little after 8: 45.

- It is 5 minutes faster.

- It is a little before 8: 45.

Target Text: It is a little before 8: 45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 4761 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: The concert starts at 8:00.

W: We still have fifteen minutes.

Question: What time is It? 

- 7:10.

- 7:45.

- 8:00.

Target Text: 7:45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 5975 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: The film starts at eight o'clock.

M: We still have 9 quarter.

Question: What time is it? 

- 7:50

- 7:45

- 7:00

Target Text: 7:45

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 6052 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: It's almost 2 in the morning. The man in next is still making such noise.

F: Annoying! Shall we call the Police?

Question: What time is it? 

- 12 at the noon

- 2 in the afternoon

- 2 in the morning

Target Text: 2 in the morning

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.835504
Retrieved Text: Serbian lessons: Time: What time is it?
Serbian :: Lesson 27 Time: What time is it?
What time is it? Колико је сати?
At what time? У које време?
Lesson 27. Time: What time is it?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.7504134
Retrieved Text: World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Serbia vs Brazil: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
World Cup 2018, Costa Rica vs Serbia: What time is kick-off tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.710891
Retrieved Text: Through the period of our studies, we have found 4 distinct houses which carried the Ostronič surname. This is the first of the four houses (in order of house address).
1A. Peter Ostronič b. 1800, m. ca. 1817 to Ana Grguraš — they remained at this house.
2A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1817. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1820, m. ca. 1853 to Ana Krotec (Preloka) — they remained at this house.
2C. Johan Ostronič b. 1823. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2D. Matija Ostronič b. 1828. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2E. Miha Ostronič b. 1830, died at the age of 20. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.
2F. Marija Ostronič b. 1833. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2G. Katarina Ostronič b. 1840. At this time, it is unknown what happened to her afterwards.
2H. Ana Ostronič b. 1844, died at the age of 42. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3A. Barbara Ostronič b. 1854, m. 1875 to Janko Pavlakovič (Grduni 4) — they lived at Podklanec 13.
3B. Jurij Ostronič b. 1855, m. 1879 to Katarina Kastelic (Vinica 18) — they remained at this house.
3C. Jožef Ostronič b. 1862. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Marija Ostronič b. 1864, married Jurij Karin (Gornji Karinov from Podklanec).
3E. Ana Ostronič b. 1867. At this time, it is unknown

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.696125
Retrieved Text: What Time is it in the World | It'?s late in the world.
If you enter multiple city names, select a continental preset. UT and world time zones. It' easy to know what time it is in your classroom right now - just look at the clock. The entries can be sorted by city or country.
It' simple to know what time it is in your room right now - just look at the time. Do you know what time it is in another school room all over the world? An option is to use world time zone to calculate how many consecutive hour a place is from you.
24 time belts represent the Meridians of longitudes. In particular, the temperature difference between the different timezones is 15° and each timezone varies by one additional hour between them. In this way, the time in each area is determined by the time of the day at dawn and dusk.
However, the use of time zone can be bewildering for several different purposes. Firstly, some coutries have several different time zone, and these different areas do not always fit together perfect with certain meridian curves. Also keep in mind that with 24 time zone, the time in a different place between 0 and 24 hrs can be different from yours, and it can even be a different date!
If you could somehow use a unified time domain around the world, what would make it simpler to know what time is in another place? This is exactly what Universal Time or "UT" was developed

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.689824
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.670258
Retrieved Text: Sofia is a city in Bulgaria. The National flag of Bulgaria is displayed on the side.
What is the time in Sofia?
What time is in Sofia?
What is the local time in Sofia?
What is the time zone of Sofia?
Sofia Clock - What is it?
Sofia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Sofia and local time in Sofia.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.6679044
Retrieved Text: Productivity Tips / How Do You Spend Your Time?
How much time do you spend working? How much time do you spend in leisure? Is your life balanced? Do you wish you had more time with your family and friends? What about that sport or hobby you’ve been waiting to try?
Time management is really choice management. We cannot create more time in a day but we can choose how we use our time in order to meet our goals.
One way to ensure we are using our time effectively is by using The Three Ps of Time Management – plan, prioritize, perform.
What do you need to do and what do you want to do? What do you need to do this week, this month, this year? Write down (plan) everything. Get it all out of your head. Once you’ve written everything down, decide how much time each one will take. Then, prioritize your list. Is it important, urgent or both? Finally, “perform” by committing to your plan and avoiding time wasters such as multitasking and interruptions..
It is one thing to say you’re going to do it, and it’s another to do it. Make time for the important things by adding them to your calendar. Your calendar is a great tool to schedule what you need to do. Commit to it by setting a deadline that is reachable. Then do it!
What is your biggest time management challenge? What will you make time for this week?

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.6645665
Retrieved Text: "Time travel has a tendency to encourage a depressing view of everything."
"Time's untidy, and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things. Stuff happens."
"As you know, you time travel with what you know, not what you might want to know or wish you had known at a later time."
"I am not going to give you the time because it's not my business to do intelligence work." — asked to estimate what time it actually was while testifying before Congress about multiple timelines.
"I believe in time yesterday. I don't know what time it is now, but I know what I think, and, well, I assume it's the right time now or at least I hope so."
"Reports that say that time hasn't happened yet are always interesting to me, because as we know, there are temporal known knowns; there is time we know we know. We also know there are temporal known unknowns; that is to say we know sometimes there are some things we do not know. But there are also temporal unknown unknowns — the time we don't know we don't know."
"If I said yes, that would then suggest that that time might be the only time where it might be done which would not be accurate, necessarily accurate. It might also not be inaccurate, but I'm disinclined to mislead anyone."
"There's another way to time travel and that is that the absence of time is not the evidence of absence. It is basically saying the same thing in a different

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.646632
Retrieved Text: Nuuk is a city in Greenland. The National flag of Greenland is displayed on the side.
Nuuk, translated: "The Peninsula" (Danish: Godthåb translated: "Good hope") is the capital and largest city of Greenland, and the seat of government for the Sermersooq municipality. It has a population of 17,834 (as of January 2009), of whom 14,862 were born in Greenland. This makes it one of the smallest capital cities in the world by population.
What is the time in Nuuk?
What time is in Nuuk?
What is the local time in Nuuk?
What is the time zone of Nuuk?
Nuuk Clock - What is it?
Nuuk Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nuuk and local time in Nuuk.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.642266
Retrieved Text: Nicosia is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Nicosia (/ˌnɪkəˈsiːə/ NIK-ə-SEE-ə; Greek: Λευκωσία, translit. Lefkosia [lefkoˈsi.a]; Turkish: Lefkoşa [lefˈkoʃa]) is the largest city on the island of Cyprus. It is located near the centre of the Mesaoria plain, on the banks of the River Pedieos.
What is the time in Nicosia?
What time is in Nicosia?
What is the local time in Nicosia?
What is the time zone of Nicosia?
Nicosia Clock - What is it?
Nicosia Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Nicosia and local time in Nicosia.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.6320877
Retrieved Text: What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Home » Accounting Dictionary » What is Manufacturing Cycle Time?
Definition: Manufacturing cycle time, also called throughput time, is the time period between when product manufacturing begins and the time the product is shipped. In other words, it begins after a customer’s order is placed and the wait time is over and includes the rest of the manufacturing process.
What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?
What is the definition of manufacturing cycle time? Businesses use throughput timeto measure how long it takes for a company to manufacture a product and get it on its way to the customer. Businesses should delicately balance efficiency and quickness in manufacturing a product and product quality. While an organization will save money if they can minimize their cycle time, the extent of this minimization should be carefully aligned with the strategy of the business and the needs of its customers.
What is Brian’s total cycle time?
The total cycle time is the sum of the process time, inspection time, move time, and queue time.
In this case, Brian’s throughput time is 12 days + 5 days + 2 days + 1 day. The sum of these values is 20 days from the time manufacture starts to the time the product is shipped.
Define Manufacturing Cycle Time: MCT means the amount of time it takes to produce a product and ship it to the customer.
1 What Does Manufacturing Cycle Time Mean?

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.618907
Retrieved Text: ¿Qué hora es?	 What time is it?
Es la________	 It is ___.
Es medianoche It is midnight.
¿A qué hora es____?	 At what time is _______?
¿A qué hora empieza/comienza__?	 At what time does __________begin?
¿A qué hora termina ____? At what time does _________end?
¿Qué tienes tú a la(s) ____?	 What do you have at _________?
¿Cuándo es tu clase de___?	 When is your ________class?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.6112595
Retrieved Text: Bratislava is a city in Slovakia. The National flag of Slovakia is displayed on the side.
Bratislava (/ˌbrætɪˈslɑːvə, ˌbrɑː-/; Slovak pronunciation: [ˈbratislaʋa] ( listen), German: Preßburg or Pressburg IPA: [ˈpʁɛsbʊɐ̯k], Hungarian: Pozsony) is the capital of Slovakia. With a population of about 450,000, it is one of the smaller capitals of Europe but still the country's largest city. The greater metropolitan area is home to more than 650,000 people. Bratislava is in southwestern Slovakia, occupying both banks of the River Danube and the left bank of the River Morava. Bordering Austria and Hungary, it is the only national capital that borders two sovereign states.
What is the time in Bratislava?
What time is in Bratislava?
What is the local time in Bratislava?
What is the time zone of Bratislava?
Bratislava Clock - What is it?
Bratislava Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Bratislava and local time in Bratislava.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.6084547
Retrieved Text: Marseille is a city in France. The National flag of France is displayed on the side.
Known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as Massalia (Greek: Μασσαλία, Massalía),[page needed] Marseille was an important trading centre and the main commercial port of the French Republic.
What is the time in Marseille?
What time is in Marseille?
What is the local time in Marseille?
What is the time zone of Marseille?
Marseille Clock - What is it?
Marseille Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Marseille and local time in Marseille.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.598917
Retrieved Text: Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start today, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start tomorrow, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
Italy v France, Six Nations 2019: What time does the match start on Saturday and what TV channel is it on?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.591467
Retrieved Text: Whether it’s a lot or a little, the free time management tips outlined below may help you make the most of yours.
Before we start, it’s helpful to see where your free time fits in each day.
Have to do efficiently -- as quickly as you can without compromising on quality.
Feel you should do appropriately -- acting on what you know you're responsible for, not what you feel guilty about.
Want to do frequently -- making sure you protect time for what matters most.
The quicker you do what you have to do, the sooner you can do what you want to do. In other words, using the four points from above, minimize the time you spend doing 1, 2 and 3 to maximize the time you spend in 4.
More often than not, better time management at work is the key to maximizing the amount of free time you have.
Let's say you normally get home at 5.30. What would you need to do more efficiently during your day to enable you to get home 15 minutes earlier? Could you shave half an hour off your working day?
If you can fill in those few extra minutes with things that would free up bigger chunks of time elsewhere in the week you'll have more time to do what you want.
Whether you use expensive software or scribble down your intentions on a scrap of paper, plan what you want to do.
Daily planning is a skill (and a habit) that applies to your free time as much as it does to your work.
What do

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.5837
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.578614
Retrieved Text: For some reason scientists (physicists mostly) think only they have the right to answer “What is Time?” They are blinkered either by the unquestioned assumption that it’s a science problem, or maybe by the limits of their own cognitive envelope.
In Time Reborn ((2013, all) Professor Lee Smolin struggles to make sense of the destination science has achieved with time – it doesn’t add up – science has failed.
Space-time seems to be a sticking point, particularly for scientists. Einstein showed that space and time are connected. And he did this, did he not, without a full understanding of what time is. (He actually said that he had no idea if time really existed or was an invention of man).
So breaking down time does impact on what we think we understand space-time to be. But the starting point to that has to be to understand time itself.
Why is the question of “what is time” a science problem? Time makes no causal impact, it has no outcomes, it doesn’t do anything; there’s nothing to evidence it has an existence – you can’t see it, hear it, smell it or touch it (all we observe are events). It’s not like speculating about say, gravity – where the effects of gravity can be seen, proved and hypothesized. Time causes nothing, affects nothing and produces nothing. How can it be a science problem then?
With no evidence to suggest is has a separate existence, time is then just a word, a badly defined one at that. Until we (scientists included) have agreed what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.568636
Retrieved Text: Ayia Napa is a city in Cyprus. The National flag of Cyprus is displayed on the side.
Ayia Napa (Greek: Αγία Νάπα (locally [aˈʝanːapa]), officially romanised "Agia Napa"; Turkish: Aya Napa) is a resort at the far eastern end of the southern coast of Cyprus.
What is the time in Ayia Napa?
What time is in Ayia Napa?
What is the local time in Ayia Napa?
What is the time zone of Ayia Napa?
Ayia Napa Clock - What is it?
Ayia Napa Time - What is?
It is also important to note that this page displays current information about the Current time in Ayia Napa and local time in Ayia Napa.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.559899
Retrieved Text: LESSON 2: It's Movie Time!
SWBAT create analog clocks that represent a time listed on a schedule.
If you donât make it on time, youâll miss the movie!
What time is it? How do you know?
I have started asking students what time it is all throughout the day, randomly, so that they become increasingly familiar with telling time. It's important to make sure that all students are beginning to relate time in math to the time in our school day, and noticing when the time is is easy to tell or more difficult (close to a new hour is usually a challenging time). I also make it a practice of asking 'why?' and 'how do you know' questions so that students explain their thinking. This is helpful for me to understand what tools they're using to help them (or what tools they're using that lead to misconceptions). It also helps other students see how their classmates are thinking about time which might help them make sense of it.
I have to tell you guys a funny story from this weekend. Mr. Maffei and I were reading the movie times, and the one we wanted to see was at 3:15. We got ready to go, drove to the movies and when we went to purchase tickets we realized it was at 4:15 and not 3:15! We didn’t look at the time closely, and so we were way too early! Telling time correctly is important for what types of things?
Here we discuss work, school, doctor appointments, sports games and other things that

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.555978
Retrieved Text: Spain vs England, player ratings: Who shone brightest in Nations League thriller?
Spain vs England, Uefa Nations League: What time is kick-off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what is our prediction?
England vs Spain, player ratings: Who stood tall and who wilted at Wembley?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off tonight, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain, Uefa Nations League: what time does it kick off, what TV channel is it on and what are the odds?
England vs Spain tactical preview: How will Luis Enrique shape a team lacking in Barcelona influence?
What went wrong for the ousted World Cup heavyweights?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.549834
Retrieved Text: What time is it? 或 What is the time?
What time is it? 问现在几点,一般都用 问现在几点 一般都用 或 What is the time?
①问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 问对方正在做什么，是怎样问？ 前 面 学 过 对方正 , 怎么问 怎么问? What are you doing ?
例如:上学 What time do you go to school?
新目标初一英语上册教案Unit 11 What time do you go to school.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.5407305
Retrieved Text: what’s the time? what time is it? what do you make the time?
wie viel Uhr ist es? wie spät ist es?
what time is the film?
what a time he has been gone!
wie lange er nur ausbleibt!
die Zeit ist umor | oder od abgelaufen!
time, gentlemen, please! time! closing time!
viel Spaß!, amüsier dich schön!
what a time you will have doing that!
wie unangenehmor | oder od lästig es für dich sein wird, das zu tun!
Şu sözcük için örnek cümleler: "time"
Için harici kaynaklardan örnek cümleler "time"
Aber es ist Zeit für eine Aktualisierung der Gesetzgebung.
But it is time for the legislation to be updated.
Immer wieder werden Absichtserklärungen formuliert, aber faktisch geschieht nichts.
Time and time again, good intentions are formulated but nothing is implemented.
Es wurde bei vielen Gelegenheiten verkündet.
It has been said many times.
Damals fand das keine Mehrheit.
There was no majority for this at the time.
Das kritisiere ich nicht; es kommt immer mal vor, daß man sich vertreten läßt.
I am not criticising this; it happens from time to time that people send someone to represent them.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.5207815
Retrieved Text: The unWATCH™ is a watch that divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours, but in a non-linear way. No minute, no hour, no day is the same. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time.
Time is relative, not absolute! At last there is a watch that understands. It will help you create your personal time.
unWATCH™ is connected through internet to the world wide everything. It knows exactly what standard-time it is, only: it won’t tell you!
It has millions of algorithms onboard, out of which you choose your own personal one. With this algorithm, the unWATCH™ divides the 24 hours of the day over 24 hours (or any other number), but in a non-linear way. It constantly fluctuates up to several minutes out of sync with standard time. No minute, no hour, no day is ever the same as the next.
All of your personal devices – your phone, your computer, your alarm-clock, your TV, your car, every personal time based device you use – can be linked to the unWATCH™, which synchronizes them realtime. You can live at your personal time and you can choose whether this time is private or public: no one will know exactly when you are if you don’t want them to. You can live off-line, off-time, un-watched.
You can choose to share your time with others if you want to. You and your family or friends can live simultimeously, day in day out, or for a certain amount of time, by applying the sync-option on

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.5199237
Retrieved Text: ” How much time until I need to go to work,” you ask your partner as you get ready in the morning. ” What time do I pick my son up from soccer” you ask your sons coach. “How much time do I have?” you ask your doctor after discovering you have cancer in your bones. Time. There is never enough of it yet we seem to be overwhelmed by how much time we have.
” I should be doing something, I feel bored” you say as time ticks by slowly. ” There is such a long time between rounds in play off hockey” your husband says thinking the time off will spoil his teams victory run. “I wish the time would just fly by” an expectant mother feels as she labours for the twenty-forth hour.
However, if I were to think about it I would say we have a great deal more trouble with not having enough time in today’s society as we fill every moment we have with work, gym, and meetings; piano lessons and sports for the kids inbetween school and homework and friends; preparing healthy meals, and keeping your white picket fence house clean and designer looking; all the time we spend on technology googling, answering emails, typing documents, creating presentations, tweeting, face booking and text messaging; there is never enough time to do it all.
Time is something of an interesting term because it will exist long after we and our descendants are gone. What is time? That’s a hard question maybe a philosophy

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.511212
Retrieved Text: In this 4 part series, String Field Physicist Professor Michio Kaku will try and answer the question that many scientists, philosophers and free thinkers have asked and can never seem to answer: "What is time?" "Does time have substance?" "Does time have structure or dynamics" "Is time quantised?". Time is said to be the law which keeps all other forces in the universe from interacting all at once. However, at the core of physics forces push. They do not pull. So what is pushing time? The Big Bang? And if so, what pushed the force that caused the Big Bang? It is a conundrum. Michio instead turns to the very fundamentals of what time is, what our sense of time is, what timing mechanisms exist in nature and how the universe operates, and how it needs to operate, in such a clockwork.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.50873
Retrieved Text: I’m Here To Tell You To Be Mindful Of Life And Think Time.
Time is life; life is time. Time is an agent of life, if you want the best of life, work with time. If you disregard time you will invite frustration unlimited.
You need time to develop a good career path, spiritual and physical life, marital success and relationship with others. Real living is to invest in what life has produce and invest more time in what life is ready to give.
In my view, I think we should all learn to invest time rather than to spend it all. The reason is simple, you can make more money, but you cannot save more time. Time lost, is life lost.
This morning, I want you to be serious with life and make every of your time count. Remember, both the rich and the poor has the same time to themselves. Therefore, the issue is not time shortage but individual philosophy about life.
This entry was posted in Life and Time Management, Self Development, Spirituality, The Secret, Vitamin Of The Mind and tagged marital success, The Power Of Time, Time, Time By Bishop David Oyedepo, Time By Jim Rohn, Time By Pastor E A Adeboye, Time By Rotimi Adedokun, What is Time, What Time Is It In Nigeria, What Time Is It In San Diego. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.5039024
Retrieved Text: Learn how to say "I am running late.", "What day is it happening?", "What day of the week?", or "Is it happening on Tuesday?" in Japanese!
Is It Happening On Tuesday?
What Day Is It Happening?
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?.
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole Hour., The Whole Day., The Whole Week., When Are You Coming?, We Need To Know When You Are Coming., I Usually Sleep At 10:00 At Night., Sometimes I Sleep At 12:00 At Night., May 1St., October 17Th., December 10Th., July 22Nd..
Words Covered : I Am Running Late., What Day Is It Happening?, What Day Of The Week?, Is It Happening On Tuesday?, We Have Plenty Of Time., We Have A Whole

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.5012646
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.496766
Retrieved Text: Golek 13 is considered one of the newer houses in Golek as we can trace the roots back to Golek 1.
1A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1805, m. 1836 to Barbara Vlahovič — they remained at this house.
1B. Jurij Miroslavič b. 1810. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1C. Nikolaj Miroslavič b. 1813. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
1D. Matija Miroslavič b. 1819. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
2A. Johan Miroslavič b. 1837, m. ca. 1864 to Marija Vlahovič (Jankočeva from Vinica) — they remained at this house.
2B. Matija Miroslavič b. 1843. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3A. Marija Miroslavič b. 1864, died at the age of 24. At this time, it is unknown if she was ever married or had children.
3B. Katarina Grguraš b. 1874, m. 1900 to Nikolaj Tkalčevič (Liplje 29) — they lived at Podklanec 41.
3C. Jurij Grguraš b. 1882. At this time, it is unknown what happened to him afterwards.
3D. Jože Grguraš b. 1887, died at the age of 26. At this time, it is unknown if he was ever married or had children.

================



======= Instance Index 4895 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Stephanie: Hi, this is Stephanie. I can't answer the phone right now. I'm away, but feel free to call, leave a message, or text. Alright. Bye.

Ronald: Uh, hello, uh yeah. Hi, Stephanie, or Steffi. Uh, I can't do this? Oh yeah. Uh. Yes, Stephanie, my name is Ronald, but my friends call me Ron. My parents call me, well, forget about that. Uh, I'm originally from Canada, but I grew in Texas. I'm 24 years old, and uh, I graduated from high school about five years ago, and I'm the manager of an exotic pet shop. We carry all kinds of birds, and snakes, and spiders, and fish. We even have one snake that is about four meters long, but I keep him at home. And oh, yeah. Um, my hobbies. I fish, hunt, and ride horses in my free time. My favorite foods are beef, beef, and beef. I don't eat many vegetables, except potatoes with my beef. And, oh yeah, I sometimes eat apples and beef sometimes. I have two brothers. Both of them live with me because they don't have jobs, and my mom lives with me, and I have three dogs: Brutus, Charlie, and Samantha. Oh, and one more thing. This might seem strange, but I enjoy reading poetry. So, that's about it. I hope to hear from you. You can call me if you want. The number is 789-1350. Yeah, uh, right. Catch later, alligator. Oh, oh, that's so stupid. Uh, oh, Good-bye.

Question: The man ____________________. 

- has two brothers and three dogs

- lives with his sisters and mother

- has an older brother and younger sister

Target Text: has two brothers and three dogs

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 6.844785
Retrieved Text: gun room man cave basement gun room designs gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave man cave office ideas built in gun display cabinets for the man cave office small chair man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave the best in man cave ideas gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave man cave gun room ideas design gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room ideas man cave office ideas gun room man cave office poker room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave hunting gun room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room man cave hidden gun room best images about man caves garages on gun vault gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave game room man cave ideas gun room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room man cave modern armory gun room ideas man cave gun room ideas gun room man cave gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave man cave library gun room gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave gun room ideas man cave gun room man cave ceiling ideas best man cave guns ideas gun room gun room man cave ideas.
gun room man cave cool garage stuff garage hang out furniture and man cave garage signs full wallpaper photos stuff garage gun room man cave ideas.
gun room

########
Rank: 1
Score: 6.831036
Retrieved Text: Movie Online For Free The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
Watch The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
Movie Online The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
TS The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
Download Movie Torrent For Free The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
Download The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 Movie Online For Free.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 Watch.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 Movie Online.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 TS.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 Download Movie Torrent For Free.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man 2017 Download.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man Movie Online For Free.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man Watch.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man Movie Online.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man TS.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man Download Movie Torrent For Free.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2: Electro vs. Spider-Man Download.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 6.825524
Retrieved Text: small man cave bar small garage man cave ideas rustic home design decor app review bar.
small man cave bar large size of decorating man cave furniture ideas man cave interior ideas man cave garage.
small man cave bar man cave ideas for basement man cave basement designs best basement man caves ideas on man man cave.
small man cave bar man cave bar swanky man cave bar with patterned chairs and door to movie room small.
small man cave bar man cave bars small bar design how to build a custom home the best in breathtaking small man cave bar.
small man cave bar small man cave bar charming ideas for a small man cave bar.
small man cave bar basement man cave with hardwood flooring.
small man cave bar man cave ideas services.
small man cave bar full size of complex parking kitchen by food rebel review cabinets prices wonderful bar man.
small man cave bar man cave designs rustic man cave designs ideas bar decorating small man cave ideas man cave.
small man cave bar small man cave bar small man cave bar man cave bar ideas on a budget pictures small man cave bar.
small man cave bar man small cave bar barn ideas for basement.
small man cave bar small man cave ideas ll man cave ideas classic fireplace retro wooden chair wall vintage bar small man cave.
small man cave bar small man cave bar small man cave ideas bar design set interior small man cave bar.
small man cave bar small man cave bar home designs ideas best on furniture for spaces small

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.821416
Retrieved Text: Tom Ford From Fashion To Film With 39 A Single Man 39 Npr images that posted in this website was uploaded by Mycryptonauts.com. Tom Ford From Fashion To Film With 39 A Single Man 39 Nprequipped with aHD resolution 800 x 600.You can save Tom Ford From Fashion To Film With 39 A Single Man 39 Npr for free to your devices.
If you want to Save Tom Ford From Fashion To Film With 39 A Single Man 39 Nprwith original size you can click theDownload link.
A single man 2009 imdb for A single man 2009 .
A single man movie review film summary 2009 roger ebert for A single man 2009 .
A single man 2009 poster 1 trailer addict for A single man 2009 .
A single man un om singur 2009 film for A single man 2009 .
Movie catch up a single man 2009 everything express for A single man 2009 .
Abel korzeniowski stillness of the mind for A single man 2009 .
Film a single man ozonweb by ozon magazine for A single man 2009 .
Suicide is spotless a single man spectacular attractions for A single man 2009 .
Film review a single man 2009 gari wellingham for A single man 2009 .
Monument film a single man for A single man 2009 .
Nicholas hoult through the years telegraph for A single man 2009 .
Watch 39 about a boy 39 on amazon prime instant video uk newonamzprimeuk for A single man 2009 .
A single man slim paley for A single man 2009 .
Photos of colin firth for A single

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.81982
Retrieved Text: man cave couch cool man cave furniture with leather couch and industrial coffee table.
man cave couch giant couch for lounging sleepovers etc things you need in your man cave.
man cave couch sport corner man cave decor sport corner man cave decor basement game rooms rec.
man cave couch ultimate garage man cave couch ultimate storage garage work station.
man cave couch man cave couches lovely man cave couch and simple man cave furniture sofa for your man man cave couches.
man cave couch rug via simply grove.
man cave couch man cave couches furniture decor couch best.
man cave couch the man cave couch a place watch sport in peace.
man cave couch man cave couch man man caves man cave sofa bed man cave couch cool brown leather man cave couches with rivet decor man cave decor man cave couch furniture.
man cave couch man cave couch man cave furniture sofa couches leather furniture man cave furniture of bedroom sets man cave couch.
man cave couch love the turf flooring and raised seating.
man cave couch man cave with sectional couch indoor golf green and home bar.
man cave couch man cave furniture ideas man cave furniture ideas ideas.
man cave couch concrete man cave decor.
man cave couch man shed couch man cave furniture black leather couch home interior decorating ideas man shed couch.
man cave couch man room furniture furniture ideas for a man cave egg chair room.
man cave couch best man cave couches.
man cave couch man cave decor ideas leather couch cool bedroom furniture outstanding.
man cave couch sport corner man cave decor.
man cave couch wood

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.81526
Retrieved Text: the glass man the glass man happy man holds a glass of beer while using a smartphone in a the glass man glass manipulator rental.
the glass man harry has been practicing plastic surgery in hills for the past thirty five years he has used his talents to enhance the appearance of the glass man movie wikipedia.
the glass man women the glass man full movie.
the glass man man sitting with a glass in his hand glass jar manufacturers usa.
the glass man the glass man directed by was recognised as best working glass man lyrics.
the glass man the glass man glass manufacturers in michigan.
the glass man how the founder of followed his own path to forge a fitness empire report online glass mansion for sale.
the glass man the glass man the glass man movie wikipedia.
the glass man the man in the glass booth pictures news the glass man full movie.
the glass man glass mannequin head canada.
the glass man painting poster featuring the painting man in the glass nineteen by glass mansion.
the glass man smiling business man in suit talking on phone behind the glass and looking aside glass manufacturers usa.
the glass man this makes catching him the perfect contest for our most observant forum members the man of glass glass bottle manufacturers nj.
the glass man last man on earth stars on family feminism and literally breaking the glass ceiling glass manufacturers usa.
the glass man man in the glass glass man lyrics.
the glass man the glass man sons photos reviews windows installation eagle ave ca phone number yelp wine

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.8143826
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.797251
Retrieved Text: iron man plush marvel and dc superhero plush toys superman batman captain iron man.
iron man plush 8 inch superhero avenger plush toys cute iron man captain black widow vision.
iron man plush plush toys doll iron man.
iron man plush iron man plush toy.
iron man plush best the avengers plush the hulk captain iron man stuffed plush toys stuffed soft dolls great gift under.
iron man plush photo photo photo.
iron man plush iron man marvel super hero adventures iron man bean toy bean bag.
iron man plush avengers age of plush.
iron man plush universal studios 9 marvel comics iron man plush tony stark avengers.
iron man plush large iron man.
iron man plush marvel civil war movie iron man plush pillow buddy.
iron man plush universal islands of adventure exclusive marvel iron man plush 9 inch figure.
iron man plush marvels the avengers super hero batman spider man hulk iron man plush toy stuffed dolls.
iron man plush product image.
iron man plush officially licensed marvel super hero squad avengers iron man plush 9.
iron man plush beanie babies marvel set of 4 spider man hulk.
iron man plush iron man plush doll.
iron man plush marvel plush toy iron man.
iron man plush avengers iron man stuffed cartoon doll plush soft toy.
iron man plush prompt delivery i 1 4 bird non genuine bear plush marvel comics iron.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.7872
Retrieved Text: download full movie The Old Man & the Gun 2018, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Megashare, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free 123movie, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free netflix, movie The Old Man & the Gun streaming, trailer film The Old Man & the Gun 2018, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online 123movie, watch full The Old Man & the Gun movie online, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free Viooz, The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Watch Online, The Old Man & the Gun 2018 film, download movie The Old Man & the Gun now, movie The Old Man & the Gun 2018, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Viooz, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 For Free online, download movie The Old Man & the Gun, streaming The Old Man & the Gun 2018 film, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online 123movies, The Old Man & the Gun 2018 live streaming film online, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free megashare, The Old Man & the Gun 2018 movie, Watch The Old Man & the Gun 2018 Online Free Putlocker, The Old Man & the Gun 2018 live streaming movie, download full film The Old Man & the Gun 2018, streaming movie The Old Man & the Gun 2018, The Old Man &

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.7795587
Retrieved Text: Couples: Man/Woman / 1. Couples: Man/Woman / 2. Couples: Man/Woman / 3. Couples: Man/Woman / 4. Couples: Man/Woman / 5. Couples: Man/Woman / 6. Couples: Man/Woman / 7. Couples: Man/Woman / 8. Couples: Man/Woman / 9. Couples: Man/Woman / 10. Couples: Man/Woman / 11. Couples: Man/Woman / 12. Couples: Man/Woman / 13. Couples: Man/Woman / 14. Couples: Man/Woman / 15. Couples: Man/Woman / 16. Couples: Man/Woman / 17. Couples: Man/Woman / 18. Couples: Man/Woman / 19. Couples: Man/Woman / 20. Couples: Man/Woman / 21. Couples: 2x Man / 1. Couples: 2x Man / 2. Couples: 2x Man / 3. Couples: 2x Man / 4. Couples: 2x Man / 5. Couples: 2x Man / 6. Couples: 2x Man / 7. Couples: 2x Man / 8. Couples: 2x Man / 9. Couples: 2x Man / 10. Couples: 2x Man / 11. Couples: 2x Man / 12. Couples: 2x Man / 13. Couples: 2x Man / 14. Couples: 2x Man / 15. Couples: 2x Man / 16. Couples: 2x Man / 17. Couples: 2x Man / 18. Couples: 2x Man / 19. Couples: 2x Man / 20. Couples: 2x Man / 21. Couples: 2x Woman / 1. Couples: 2x Woman / 2. Couples: 2x Woman / 3. Couples: 2x Woman / 4. Couples: 2x Woman / 5. Couples: 2x Woman / 6. Couples: 2x Woman / 7. Couples: 2x Woman / 8. Couples: 2x Woman / 9. Couples: 2x Woman / 10. Couples: 2x Woman / 11. Couples: 2x Woman / 12. Couples: 2x Woman / 13. Couples: 2x

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.7707133
Retrieved Text: 39 Best Gifts For The Man Cave Images On Pinterest Home Ideas Bar Intended For Man Cave Gift Idea Prepare | Jenniferumphress.com man cave bar gift ideas. ultimate man cave gift ideas. best man cave gift ideas.
1465 Best Gift Ideas Images On Pinterest Gift Ideas Handmade Throughout Man Cave Gift Idea Decorating. 128 Best Man Caves Sports Themes Other Cool Ideas Images On With Man Cave Gift Idea Ideas. Hilarious It Was Pinned Previous Pinner For A Guy Housewarming Inside Man Cave Gift Idea Decorating. 16 Best Golf Room Images On Pinterest Golf Room Golf Simulators With Man Cave Gift Idea Prepare. My Fathers Day Gift To My Husband A Diy Harley Bar And Garbage Can Regarding Man Cave Gift Idea Prepare. Car Themed Man Cave Gifts For Fathers Day Pertaining To Man Cave Gift Idea Ideas. 54 Best Raffle Prizes Images On Pinterest Gift Ideas Diy Presents For Man Cave Gift Idea Decorating. Best Man Gift Ideas Best Man Cave Gift Ideas Pinterest Man Birthday With Regard To Man Cave Gift Idea Prepare. Garage Ideas Man Cave Man Caves Ideas With Low Budget The New With Regard To Man Cave Gift Idea Ideas. 30 Handmade Gift Ideas For Men Suburble In Man Cave Gift Idea Plan. 14 Best Man Cave Images On Pinterest Home Ideas Creative And Homes Within Man Cave Gift Idea Plan. 39 Best Gifts For The Man Cave Images On Pinterest Home Ideas Bar Intended For Man Cave Gift Idea Prepare. 15 Must Have Accessories For Your Man Cave Garage Throughout Man

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.756827
Retrieved Text: iron man birthday avenger iron man birthday tarp.
iron man birthday save this item for viewing later view larger image iron man birthday.
iron man birthday save this item for viewing later view larger image captain and iron man birthday.
iron man birthday boys iron man birthday party invitations.
iron man birthday iron man birthday invitation.
iron man birthday iron man birthday party invitations of the best avengers birthday party ideas on the.
iron man birthday image 0.
iron man birthday free iron man birthday dedication christening invitation.
iron man birthday invitation incredible birthday party comic.
iron man birthday iron man birthday cards.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.7561216
Retrieved Text: Iron Man For Coloring Iron Man Coloring Pages Iron Man Printable Coloring Pages Coloring Page Iron Man Superheroes Printable Coloring Lego Iron Man Coloring Pages Uploaded by on Monday, May 28th, 2018 in category coloring rooster.
See also Iron Man For Coloring Super Heroes Coloring Iron Man Coloring In Pages Iron Man Coloring In Pages Lego Iron Man Coloring Sheet from coloring rooster Topic.
Here we have another image Iron Man For Coloring Snow Man Coloring Pages Man Coloring Page Here Are Iron Man Coloring Pages Images Man Coloring Iron Man Coloring Sheets Free featured under Iron Man For Coloring Iron Man Coloring Pages Iron Man Printable Coloring Pages Coloring Page Iron Man Superheroes Printable Coloring Lego Iron Man Coloring Pages. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Iron Man For Coloring Iron Man Coloring Pages Iron Man Printable Coloring Pages Coloring Page Iron Man Superheroes Printable Coloring Lego Iron Man Coloring Pages.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.7554917
Retrieved Text: ﻿ Watch Full Movie Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018) - Рыболовный магазин Окунь.
Movie ‘Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse’ was released in December 7, 2018 in genre Drama. Bob Persichetti was directed this movie and starring by Shameik Moore. This movie tell story about Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson «Kingpin» Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension.
Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free megashare, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Putlocker, trailer movie Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free, download movie Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Megashare, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free Viooz, download Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 movie now, watch full film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 online, Streaming Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 For Free Online, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free Putlocker, film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse streaming, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Viooz, download film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse now, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 live streaming movie, Streaming Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free Megashare, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 film download, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free hulu, film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 download, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 For Free online, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free 123movie, trailer film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018, live streaming film Spider-Man: Into

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.7549
Retrieved Text: Mega Man: Look, I'm telling you, there will be eight.
Dr. Light: Mega Man, be reasonable. Three points of data are not enough to draw conclusions.
Mega Man: I'll prove it. Hey Eddie, what's the news like today?
Eddie: Terrible! Proto Man has gone rogue and created Robot Masters to destroy us all!
Mega Man: Thank you! In your face, Light-boy!
Dr. Light: There will be pain later.
Mega Man: What upgrades do I get this time?
Dr. Light: Well, I've eliminated Rush's Marine transformation, and I've made it so he jumps with you in Coil mode.
Dr. Light: I've also adjusted your Mega Buster so that you lose your charged-up energy when you get hit.
Mega Man: Dr. Light, these are downgrades! Why? Why are you weakening me?
Star Man: Tremble before the awesome power of Star Man!
Mega Man: What is the awesome power of Star Man?
Star Man: Well, I call it the Star Crash.
Star Man: Don't worry, it isn't.
Mega Man: If you make even ONE joke about the gravity of this situation, I'll crush you without mercy.
Gravity Man: That's a grave threat.
Gyro Man: Here it comes -- the testosterone-loaded, action-packed, no-holds-barred slugfest between Gyro Man and Mega Man! Let's get ready to rumble!
Mega Man: Does "no holds barred" include the Gravity Hold?
Gyro Man: Yeah. Uh oh.
Mega Man: "Crystal Man"? No offense, but that sounds fruity.
Crystal Man: Oh, be nice.
Mega Man: Okay, if by "be nice" you mean "kill me with the Gyro Attack."
Crystal Man: I'm pretty sure that's not what I meant, but whatever floats your boat.
Napalm Man: DON'T SAY IT!
Mega Man: Ow! Power

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.7518396
Retrieved Text: Cast : Joey King, Javier Botet, Julia Goldani Telles, Jaz Sinclair, Kevin Chapman, Annalise Basso, Talitha Bateman, Michael Reilly Burke, Jessica Blank, Michael Tow.
‘Slender Man’ is a movie genre Horror, was released in August 10, 2018. Sylvain White was directed this movie and starring by Joey King. This movie tell story about Slender Man tells the story of a tall, thin horrifying figure with unnaturally long arms and a featureless face, who is reputed to be responsible for the haunting and disappearance of countless children and teens.
Streaming Slender Man 2018 For Free Online, watch full film Slender Man 2018 online, download movie Slender Man now, watch full Slender Man film, film Slender Man 2018 online, watch Slender Man 2018 movie online now, trailer film Slender Man, Slender Man movie trailer, streaming movie Slender Man 2018, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free megashare, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Putlocker, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free Viooz, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free, Slender Man 2018 Watch Online, Streaming Slender Man 2018 Online Free Megashare, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online 123movies, download full film Slender Man 2018, Slender Man film trailer, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free hulu, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free 123movie, Slender Man streaming, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online 123movie, watch movie Slender Man 2018 now, download film Slender Man 2018, Watch Slender Man 2018 For Free online, watch full movie Slender Man online, Slender Man 2018 film download, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Free netflix, Watch Slender Man 2018 Online Megashare, Watch Slender

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.7477603
Retrieved Text: Movie ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ was released in July 5, 2017 in genre Drama. Jon Watts was directed this movie and starring by Tom Holland. This movie tell story about Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges.
Incoming search terms : Spider-Man: Homecoming film download, live streaming movie Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Putlocker, trailer film Spider-Man: Homecoming, watch full Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 film, watch full Spider-Man: Homecoming movie, streaming Spider-Man: Homecoming, watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 movie online now, watch full movie Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 online, Streaming Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free Megashare, download movie Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Megashare, download full film Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online 123movies, film Spider-Man: Homecoming streaming, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free megashare, Spider-Man: Homecoming movie streaming, Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Watch Online, Streaming Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 For Free Online, live streaming film Spider-Man: Homecoming, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Viooz, live streaming film Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 online, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online 123movie, film Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 trailer, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free Putlocker, watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 film online now, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free 123movie, download full movie Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free netflix, Watch Spider-Man: Homecoming 2017 Online Free hulu,

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.7477145
Retrieved Text: Grandpa. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
G-Pa. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Deda. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Dad. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Abuelo. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Grandaddy. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Grandad. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Grampy. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Pops. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Poppy. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Paw Paw. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Pappy. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Pappaw. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
PapPap. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Pa. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.
Opa. The Man. The Myth. The Legend.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.7463155
Retrieved Text: Birthday Present For Man With Everything birthday present for man with everything 3 gifts for the man who has everything templates. birthday present for man with everything 20 gifts for the guy who has everything wisebread articles gifts download. birthday present for man with everything here are gift ideas for men that they really enjoyfrom a man who free. Birthday Present For Man With Everything birthday present for man with everything 20 unique gifts for the man who has everything harvard homemaker printable. birthday present for man with everything present for man birthday bamakko ideas. birthday present for man with everything gift ideas for a man who has everything creative gift ideas for. Birthday Present For Man With Everything birthday present for man with everything 12 best birthday gift ideas for boyfriend who has everything ideas.
Birthday Present For Man With Everything birthday present for man with everything 20 gifts for the guy who has everything wisebread articles gifts download. birthday present for man with everything here are gift ideas for men that they really enjoyfrom a man who free. birthday present for man with everything 20 unique gifts for the man who has everything harvard homemaker printable. birthday present for man with everything present for man birthday bamakko ideas. birthday present for man with everything gift ideas for a man who has everything creative gift ideas for.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.74414
Retrieved Text: ‚Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse‘ is a movie genre Drama, was released in December 7, 2018. Bob Persichetti was directed this movie and starring by Shameik Moore. This movie tell story about Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being Spider-Man. However, when Wilson „Kingpin“ Fisk uses a super collider, another Spider-Man from another dimension, Peter Parker, accidentally winds up in Miles‘ dimension. As Peter trains Miles to become a better Spider-Man, they are soon joined by four other Spider-Men from across the „Spider-Verse“. As all these clashing dimensions start to tear Brooklyn apart, Miles must help the others stop Fisk and return everyone to their own dimensions.
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Watch Online, Streaming Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free Megashare, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online 123movies, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free Viooz, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free, download movie Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse live streaming film, trailer film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018, streaming Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse film, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Megashare, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online 123movie, Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 streaming, Streaming Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 For Free Online, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Free netflix, download full film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018, watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse film online now, film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse online, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018 Online Putlocker, Watch Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse 2018

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.741681
Retrieved Text: Lover property by having a perfect pattern to calm down, perhaps you can employ this for a a blueprint Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock image. Upgrade your house when using the awesome essentials proven simply by Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock snapshot. Utilize the portions of Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock pic, you may enhance your household elegantly. Beautiful overall look in addition to a comfy air flow will be an item that you may constantly take pleasure in in case you use your type coming from Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock picture certainly. That magnificent Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock photo is a terrific useful resource because it does not only supply a amazing design, it also gives you HIGH-DEFINITION good quality. The concept which Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In The Darkness: Old Sad Man Searching For God Stock Footage Video 12397214 | Shutterstock graphic shows probably will make your home even more awesome and captivating.
Like already proclaimed earlier, Attractive Old Man Praying Elderly Man Praying In

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.7345157
Retrieved Text: Isle of Man is a buyer of timber, lumber, and forest products. Isle of Man logs, Isle of Man panels, Isle of Man boards, Isle of Man timber and Isle of Man wood doors and Isle of Man timber windows, Isle of Man furniture, Isle of Man timber decking, Isle of Man plywood, Isle of Man sawn timber, Isle of Man planed wood and timber, Isle of Man machinery, Isle of Man laminated wood, Isle of Man flooring, Isle of Man packing and pallet wood, Isle of Man timber veneers, Isle of Man timber hardwood veneers can all be purchased from Isle of Man timber and lumber sawmills, Isle of Man timber planing mills and Isle of Man timber, lumber and timber products exporters and Isle of Man timber agents. Investment in Isle of Man forests and Isle of Man woodlands has been significant. Isle of Man construction wood and timber is a major part of the timber and lumber export from Isle of Man. Timber importers and merchants should look to Isle of Man for a wide supply opportunity.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.728564
Retrieved Text: man card bottle opener nip the credit sized brushed stainless steel amazon.
man card bottle opener the 2 pack personalized.
man card bottle opener dude free by on amazon.
man card bottle opener batman the dark knight stainless steel made to last amazon.
man card bottle opener personalized wallet sized openers.
man card bottle opener batman the dark knight free shipping stainless steel made to last best groomsmen personalized.
man card bottle opener spider stainless steel made to last also a personalized.
man card bottle opener the credit sized personalized.
man card bottle opener batman the dark knight etched old logo stainless steel made to last personalized.
man card bottle opener wallet sized personalized.
man card bottle opener set of 5 steel or black mustache calling cards personalized.
man card bottle opener mustache and key chain by amazon.
man card bottle opener lot personalized stainless steel credit wallet sized wedding favors amazon.
man card bottle opener amazon.
man card bottle opener the openers credit sized 6 pack personalized.
man card bottle opener authentic seen on the chive personalized amazon.
man card bottle opener customer reviews personalized.
man card bottle opener mustache chive by stainless steel amazon.
man card bottle opener gifts for men under amazon.
man card bottle opener credit six things 2 personalized.
man card bottle opener load in viewer uploaded by anonymous personalized.
man card bottle opener transparent personalized.
man card bottle opener off personalized wallet amazon.
man card bottle opener best free shipping by beer amazon.
man card bottle opener image 0 amazon.
man card bottle opener beer amazon.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.7284756
Retrieved Text: The amazing spider-man 2012 brrip 720p x264 [english. Hindi.
The amazing spider-man (2012) imdb.
Marvel. Com: the official site | iron man, spider-man, hulk, x-men.
Spider-man (2000 video game) wikipedia.
The amazing spider-man 2 (2014) imdb.
Review: spider-man: homecoming is the best superhero movie of.
Amazing spider-man, the (2012) дата выхода, системные.
Amazon. Com: the amazing spider-man nintendo wii: video games.
Amazing spider-man, the дата выхода, системные требования.
Amazing spider-man #1 700 + annuals (1963-2012) (digital.
The amazing spider-man / новый человек-паук [repack] [rus.
The amazing spider-man 2 (2014) скачать через торрент игру.
Скачать the amazing spider man (2012) через торрент.
Spider-man homecoming: ranking all the spider-man movies | time.
Как скачать игру через торрент the amazing spider-man 1,2.
The amazing spider-man скачать торрент бесплатно на pc.
The. Amazing. Spider. Man. Repack-r. G. Mechanics (download torrent.
Amazing spider-man: the game (новый человек-паук) дата.
Новый человек-паук (2012) смотреть онлайн или скачать фильм.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.7268386
Retrieved Text: Request free no-obligation quotes from several man and van companies in Haslingden by filling out just 1 simple form!
1 - Man and van firms in Haslingden pay us a small fee to be listed on our site.
2 - Your quotation request goes directly to 5 different man and van companies in Haslingden at the same time.
3 - We do not take any commission. You receive quotes at firs hand from man and van in Haslingden.
Compare for free quotes from 5 man and van firms in Haslingden.
Save up to 25% on your man and van hire in Haslingden!
Make things a little easier on yourself by using our free "compare man and van costs online service" dedicated to man and van hire in Haslingden.This saves a great deal of time as you are able to gather quotes, from 5 reliable man and van in Haslingden, together in one place. Simply fill out our easy quotation request form and send your requirements to 5 different man and van firms in Haslingden at the same time. Those firms will contact you directly with their free no-obligation quotes.
We continually monitor our man and van companies in Haslingden and only work with good, reliable firms which develop and maintain professional standards of pick up and deliver services for the benefit of our customers in Haslingden.
The details you provide in the form above will be sent directly to 5 independent man and van hire in Haslingden, listed at the top of this website. Those man with a van firms in Haslingden will then

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.7268386
Retrieved Text: Request free no-obligation quotes from several man and van companies in Ashford by filling out just 1 simple form!
1 - Man and van firms in Ashford pay us a small fee to be listed on our site.
2 - Your quotation request goes directly to 5 different man and van companies in Ashford at the same time.
3 - We do not take any commission. You receive quotes at firs hand from man and van in Ashford.
Compare for free quotes from 5 man and van firms in Ashford.
Save up to 25% on your man and van hire in Ashford!
Make things a little easier on yourself by using our free "compare man and van costs online service" dedicated to man and van hire in Ashford.This saves a great deal of time as you are able to gather quotes, from 5 reliable man and van in Ashford, together in one place. Simply fill out our easy quotation request form and send your requirements to 5 different man and van firms in Ashford at the same time. Those firms will contact you directly with their free no-obligation quotes.
We continually monitor our man and van companies in Ashford and only work with good, reliable firms which develop and maintain professional standards of pick up and deliver services for the benefit of our customers in Ashford.
The details you provide in the form above will be sent directly to 5 independent man and van hire in Ashford, listed at the top of this website. Those man with a van firms in Ashford will then

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.7215347
Retrieved Text: Request free no-obligation quotes from several man and van companies in Strood by filling out just 1 simple form!
1 - Man and van firms in Strood pay us a small fee to be listed on our site.
2 - Your quotation request goes directly to 5 different man and van companies in Strood at the same time.
3 - We do not take any commission. You receive quotes at firs hand from man and van in Strood.
Compare for free quotes from 5 man and van firms in Strood.
Save up to 25% on your man and van hire in Strood!
Make things a little easier on yourself by using our free "compare man and van costs online service" dedicated to man and van hire in Strood.This saves a great deal of time as you are able to gather quotes, from 5 reliable man and van in Strood, together in one place. Simply fill out our easy quotation request form and send your requirements to 5 different man and van firms in Strood at the same time. Those firms will contact you directly with their free no-obligation quotes.
We continually monitor our man and van companies in Strood and only work with good, reliable firms which develop and maintain professional standards of pick up and deliver services for the benefit of our customers in Strood.
The details you provide in the form above will be sent directly to 5 independent man and van hire in Strood, listed at the top of this website. Those man with a van firms in Strood will then

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.7204976
Retrieved Text: New Old Man Winter Coloring Pages - From the thousands of pictures on the net concerning old man winter coloring pages, we all picks the very best collections together with best image resolution simply for you, and this photographs is actually considered one of images collections in our greatest photographs gallery about New Old Man Winter Coloring Pages. Lets hope you may as it.
This kind of graphic (Old Man Winter Coloring Pages Luxury Free Coloring Pages) preceding can be branded using: all for you.
Posted by means of howtobeaweso in 2019-04-13 17:00:06. To discover almost all graphics in New Old Man Winter Coloring Pages photos gallery you should abide by that link.
old man and the gun movie, old man ultimate guitar, old man costume for kids, old man of storr scotland, old man treestands, old man zozobra, old man praying over bread, old man quote from movie joe dirt, old man and the sea sparknotes, old man river lyrics, old man frank s winter haven, old man golf swing, old man coyote, old man muppets, old man and sea, suggested.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.7200875
Retrieved Text: Earn all trophies and prove yourself as the ultimate Maverick Hunter.
View 20 images across all four titles, then change the wallpaper to the secret image.
Listen to 10 tracks for long enough with the Music Player, and then listen to the secret track.
Blast through the mystery of the staff credits and return to the future.
Complete the opening stage of any game in both the English and Japanese versions.
Complete Mega Man X1, X2, X3, and X4.
Defeat any of the eight Maverick bosses in Mega Man X.
Cut off Flame Mammoth's trunk in Mega Man X.
Knock off Armored Armadillo's armor in Mega Man X.
Destroy an enemy Ride Armor in Mega Man X.
Use the Spiral Crush Buster to defeat a boss in Mega Man X.
Receive Zero's arm part in Mega Man X.
Obtain all Heart Tanks and max out X's energy gauge in Mega Man X.
Obtain all four armor upgrades in Mega Man X.
Learn the Hadoken in Mega Man X.
Defeat Wolf Sigma in Mega Man X.
How Long Will He Keep Fighting?
Complete Mega Man X (cannot be earned in Rookie Hunter mode).
Complete the opening stage of Mega Man X2 with a full energy gauge.
Cut Wire Sponge in half in Mega Man X2.
Complete Magna Centipede's stage without being spotted by a single searchlight in Mega Man X2.
Watch Morph Moth's metamorphosis in Mega Man X2 without interfering.
Use Giga Crush to score the final hit against any of the eight Maverick bosses in Mega Man X2.
Use Silk Shot to grab an item in Mega Man X2.
Obtain all four armor upgrades in Mega Man X2.
Gather all of

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.7189026
Retrieved Text: Request free no-obligation quotes from several man and van companies in Overton by filling out just 1 simple form!
1 - Man and van firms in Overton pay us a small fee to be listed on our site.
2 - Your quotation request goes directly to 5 different man and van companies in Overton at the same time.
3 - We do not take any commission. You receive quotes at firs hand from man and van in Overton.
Compare for free quotes from 5 man and van firms in Overton.
Save up to 25% on your man and van hire in Overton!
Make things a little easier on yourself by using our free "compare man and van costs online service" dedicated to man and van hire in Overton.This saves a great deal of time as you are able to gather quotes, from 5 reliable man and van in Overton, together in one place. Simply fill out our easy quotation request form and send your requirements to 5 different man and van firms in Overton at the same time. Those firms will contact you directly with their free no-obligation quotes.
We continually monitor our man and van companies in Overton and only work with good, reliable firms which develop and maintain professional standards of pick up and deliver services for the benefit of our customers in Overton.
The details you provide in the form above will be sent directly to 5 independent man and van hire in Overton, listed at the top of this website. Those man with a van firms in Overton will then

================



======= Instance Index 778 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: May I borrow your pencil, please? I left mine at home.

M: Here you are.

Question: Where are they in? 

- Cinema

- Classroom

- Shop

Target Text: Classroom

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 7.1282363
Retrieved Text: Romans 9:26 and, "It will happen that in the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
and, "In the very place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called 'children of the living God.'"
and, "It will happen that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not My people,' there they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
And it will be in the place where they were told, you are not my people, there they will be called sons of the living God.
"Once they were told, 'You are not my people.' But in that very place they will be called children of the living God."
And in the very place where they were told, 'You are not my people,' there they will be called the children of the living God."
In the very place where it was told them, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
"It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people,' There they will be called 'sons of the living God.'"
Wherever they were told, 'You are not my people,' they will be called children of the living God."
And it shall come to pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, You are not my people; there shall they be called the children of the living God.
And it shall come to

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.0694475
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.05654
Retrieved Text: We believe that “Every Kid Has Potential” and we believe that all children should have the opportunity to participate in quality programs right in their own community. Boys & Girls Clubs of Saskatoon’s vision and sole reason for being, is to do our best to provide programs where children and youth can discover and achieve their dreams, and grow up to be healthy, successful and active participants in society. As parents, future parents, grandparents, aunties and uncles, friends – this is what we all want for our children. Our programs are safe, supportive places for children and youth to be. They are places where children can experience new opportunities, overcome barriers, build positive relationships and develop confidence and skills for life. Our programs are where kids will find a place to just be kids, a place without some of the adult responsibilities that so many of them have – a place where they can find out who they are, what they like to do, where they can build relationships and learn to trust in adults who care about their well-being – a place where they can feel safe, a place where they feel respected, a place where they feel that they belong.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 6.9978304
Retrieved Text: That’s when the show’s very first episode, “Winter is Coming” landed, introducing us to the honourable Starks, incestuous Lannisters, and one bewitching young woman married off to a Dothraki Khal.
Today, in 2019, the Game of Thrones cast is world famous and more in demand than ever before. Emilia Clarke is a member of the Star Wars universe, the Stark sisters — Sophie Turner and Maisie Williams — are both X-Men, and Jason Momoa is Aquaman.
It’s exciting, but also jarring to look at the Game of Thrones Episode 1 cast as they appeared back then versus how they look now.
In some cases, it’s a matter of how much wigs and make up transform the performers on the show, but in others, it’s wild to see how much the young cast has grown up.
Here’s our nostalgic look back at the original cast of Game of Thrones as they appeared in 2011 compared to how they look — and where their careers are — now. Warning: Rickon Stark is grown.
Where Are They Now?: Michelle Fairley recently starred opposite Jodie Comer in Starz’s The White Princess and will appear in Amazon’s new series The Feed later this year.
Where Are They Now?: Scottish actor Richard Madden is enjoying something of a career bump since starring in Netflix’s critically acclaimed Bodyguard, which won Madden a Golden Globe. Soon he’ll star in the Elton John biopic Rocketman.
Where Are They Now?: Harington is now married IRL to Game of Thrones co-star Rose Leslie and on the press circuit for the final season of Game

########
Rank: 4
Score: 6.993989
Retrieved Text: "So they camped where they were told."
God has a special place for you. A place for you to worship. A place for you to live. A place for you to work. Until you are where God wants you, you will never have peace.
Just as the Army stations its soldiers where they are needed, so does Jesus Christ, our Commander-in-Chief, station the soldiers in His army where they are needed. We are those soldiers if we have accepted Christ as our Commander-in-Chief.
Look at where you are. Is it where Christ has stationed you, or have you gone AWOL? Are you in the church where Christ wants you? Are you in the town where Christ wants you? Are you in the job where Christ wants you?
If you answered "no" to any of these questions, or if you are not sure, then report to your Commander-in-Chief for His orders. You may have to make a few changes, but once you do, you will be in the center of His perfect will, the only safe place to be.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 6.9869018
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 6.963137
Retrieved Text: Speed and accuracy is all that counts!
Players use two attached light guns to hit targets onscreen; missions require speed, quick judgment or pinpoint accuracy.
There are six different types of stages in the game: Accuracy, where both players must shoot the designated areas with the highest points, Intelligence, where they must count to sixteen, Memory, where they must match two cards by shooting two matching cards, Simulation, where they are required to shoot the cardboard robbers but not civilians, Visual Acuity, where they are required to shoot the target which matches what is displayed, and Speed, where they are required to shoot targets of their designated colours.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 6.948736
Retrieved Text: So we've been talking about earthquakes.
do, how they form, how they generate vibrations, why they occur where they do.
nasty in terms of the natural hazard that they represent.
when they're going to happen.
which is the subject of earthquake prediction and earthquake mitigation.
the worst kinds of damage from happening during an earthquake.
I'm going to start with the punch line first.
where earthquakes are going to occur.
2015 at such and such a location in the afternoon.
But we can say some things about where earthquake hazard is more prevalent.
And we can say things about where earthquake hazard is less prevalent.
we can mitigate the damage.
We can make it so that it won't be as bad when an earthquake does happen.
Earthquakes are a fact of life on planet earth.
that happens during an earthquake.
where particularly large earthquakes are possible.
which are places where earthquakes are less likely to happen.
And if they do occur, are probably going to be fairly small.
risk evaluation, is to look to where earthquakes have happened in the past.
they're more likely to happen in the future.
I'll say right off the bat that that's not a surefire prediction.
Earthquakes do happen in unexpected places at unexpected times.
earthquakes are more likely in places where they have happened in the past.
showing hundreds of thousands of seismic events over a 30, 40 year period.
What we see is that there are clear earthquake zones.
much of Greenland, where there are hardly any earthquakes.
So there are going to probably be few earthquakes in the future.
in the future in these blank areas on the map.
as we'll see, they don't happen periodically.
They

########
Rank: 8
Score: 6.941388
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 6.9105797
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 10
Score: 6.9096546
Retrieved Text: December 2011 - Morning-Star Rising Newsletter - Prayer Requests, Spiritual Guidance, Prophetic Word.
WHO'S KINGDOM ARE YOU BUILDING??
Have you ever Heard of a Servant asking his Master for Blessings/ or Payment/ when he had not performed any of his Duties?
There is a Childish perception in the Body of Christ, where by Christians have some Strange Idea that they are entitled to Blessings, that they have NEVER SOWN/ They think they should REAP what they have not SOWN? Or they have not SOWN anything, and they Want to REAP everything? This is how LACKING in KNOWLEDGE most Christians are.
Always Begging God for something/ but they have Never Served a Day in their Life.
Doing what you where Commanded to do/ dose not Require God to give you anything/ when you are simply doing your DUTY as his Servant.
A SERVANT dose what is Required/ it is his DUTY/ He is not looking for a Reward.
God is attempting to get across the Point that you are UnProfitable as a Servant if you are Looking for Thanks/ When it is simply your DUTY to Serve.
We are called to Imitate Christ. Christ was a Servant. Are you conforming to that Image? Are you seeking to serve others, or praying for God to serve and bless you? What are you doing with your time to build the Kingdom? Many Christians think that they are entitled to be blessed, yet they have never Served the Lord a day in their Life. Serving the Lord means serving your fellow man, Humbling yourself to meet the needs

########
Rank: 11
Score: 6.9025445
Retrieved Text: There are times using these franchises are helpful. Portable toilet trailer for sale are including the things you value where stationing their ranks are top notch. These integrations are laudable then where practices which sustain the ranks you admire are valuable. These techniques are indicating their fashion for sufficiency.
Ask references including through speaking among friends and relations. They might be affording the values you consider where these routines are monitoring their roles. These scan the benefits they contain where most values are approving their permission and these ratings are absolutely sustainable where benchmarking their assets are approaching their utilities. The particulars are necessary where improvements you focus on are needing these values so commissions are laudable also.
See the ratings their company is affording. These belongings are helpful in values where considerations of ranks are sustainable. These routines are affording the assets where factoring their agendas are monitoring the belongings you care about. These forms of output then facilitate the conditions you need and approaching their strategies in those aspects are generally laudable.
For starters, you could use also those who among your internal circle. They might generally be cheaper but refrain to make cheapness as the standard in availing. These routes are indicative of performances having those values so monitoring their clout is convenient where commissions you avail are necessary.
Find through meeting them also what their franchise is consisting of. Through monitoring their belongings you apply the ways their company is able to perform these functionalities. You ought not to be affording these routes where these ventures

########
Rank: 12
Score: 6.892438
Retrieved Text: There are times stationing the agendas of those is useful. Custom home remodelers in Palo Alto CA are studying the agendas these things are having. You ought then in venturing the belongings where several goals and most rather are helpful in recruiting the fundamentals where recruitments you consider are laudable.
Ask references including through also meeting some friends and relations. You ought then to value their roles if considerations they scan are useful. These agendas are obviously the agendas are generally the perks are obviously are integral to stationing these roles are good. Mostly your stuff is necessary where situating their roles are uncovering these objectives. The particulars are largely fundamental where stationing the chores they also are performing these tasks are sufficient.
See the performances the scan and intending these routines are so situating their benefits are valuable. These goods are generally the stuff where infusing the strategies they own is largely infusing the strategies you largely are focusing. You ought then to recruit their ranks if these agendas are monitoring the availability where most improvements are venturing the jobs you like is necessary.
For starters you use also the values where these considerations are basic. These jobs are absolutely necessary where these things are mostly the techniques where among the routes you admire are infusing the things where general strategies you consider are suitable and these belong to agendas you admire.
Find through meeting them also more about what their franchise is about. Through the recruitments you admire these scan the rates they have so monitoring the assets

########
Rank: 13
Score: 6.874977
Retrieved Text: There are times using the best ventures is useful. Travel in Mongolia are approving these rates if their standards are helpful. These become the main goals then where managing to utilize how their stuff is helpful. You therefore are meeting them and these become the ways their availing is practicing the stuff you matter.
Ask references including through also having some meetings together in person. The answers they grant you are focusing the agendas where using those objects are necessary. These station the roles then where affording the stuff you monitor is able to state these standards. These grant the factors where general output is able to facilitate the importance of meeting these jobs.
See the ranks their organizations are having also. If they are managing to assist many on long periods this usually means their output is able to sustain whichever utilities are granting those fashion. You ought not to utilize them unless they are able to foster the things you want. These techniques are also through looking at how those improvements are fostering the output which you basically are necessitating also.
For starters use also kinds who are among internal acquaintances. They might be cheaper but refrain on thinking about their cheap perks as somehow the only benchmark. Your goal is through having the best stuff where including their routes are fostering the jobs you admire. These forms of using them are also vital.
Find out through having some meetings also in person. The answers they offer you are showing how these things are able to suffice in

########
Rank: 14
Score: 6.8470883
Retrieved Text: 1. Where is man going ?
into the shop . out the shop . beside his mother . They It They across the street . along the wall . off the branch .
2. Where is woman going ?
4. Where are they walking ?
5. Where is the cat running ?
6. Where are the children jumping ?
(eat) some bread ,everyday .
(climb) a tree ,everyday .
( swim ) in the river , now .
( play ) in the room , everyday .
( be ) some water in the bottle .
1. He is reading a book .

########
Rank: 15
Score: 6.8464
Retrieved Text: Posted September 4, 2018 September 4, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted June 26, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, School, Where Are They Now?
Posted May 15, 2018 May 15, 2018 Nicholas SpringerLeave a commentPosted in Graduates, Where Are They Now?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 6.84351
Retrieved Text: is becoming the church described below.
full of people of varied races and ethnicities; socio-economic status, and ages who gather in unity to worship God.
where the leadership from pastor on down is transparent, genuine and honest and without pretense of spirituality.
where worship is a way of life that is lived 24/7.
where prayer is as natural as breathing.
where men are unashamedly spiritual and unreservedly devoted to service.
that operates in the power of the Holy Spirit.
where the people are proactive in their compassion, concern and care for one another.
where people in Denton, when they are awakened to their spiritual emptiness, turn to us to find God.
where people know they are safe in the love of God.
where young people know God is real and He is the coolest, hippest, crunkest (or whatever the latest jargon or slang is) person around.
that sends workers into the great spiritual harvest to establish lifelines to Jesus Christ wherever they go.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 6.8374834
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 18
Score: 6.8367176
Retrieved Text: ​We use wayfinding signs every day. We may not think about them or even realize they are there, but without them, we really would be lost.
Why Do I Need Wayfinding Signs?
If you have ever walked into a hospital, you want to know where to go for lab work, to your doctor’s office or to visit a friend who was admitted. In order to get where you want to go, you look for a sign to direct you. Wayfinding signs in Illinois can help you find your way, as well as inform others, including your clients, where they can find what they need.
Wayfinding signs, also known as directional signs, can be any size. One of the most recognized one is for the restroom. The blue and white iconic signs are ADA compliant and are found in all office buildings, hospitals and other public locations. When going to and from the airport, you see large signs, typically illuminated at night, telling you which airline is located at each exit. These signs are placed in the proper locations to help direct traffic. They are also used at parking garages and on hospital grounds. If you’ve ever parked a car at the airport or a hospital, you need a wayfinding sign to remind you where you parked your car and show you where the elevators are. They are made of strong materials and clearly designed for easy readability, especially when they are located outside where they are exposed to the elements of weather.
Wayfinding signs in Illinois help keep Chicagoland moving.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 6.8300853
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 6.821089
Retrieved Text: At New Life Church, we are called to transform the world around us by following Christ, growing in community, and loving others. In other words, to be the church.
AT NEW LIFE, WE ARE CALLED TO LOVE PEOPLE WHERE THEY ARE.
We believe in the church being a loving and Christ-centered community, where people are encouraged and equipped to collectively grow in Christ. We are committed to being a place where everyone can bring family, find friends, and feel like they belong.
to be involved in the life and activities of New Life Church. We encourage our members to deepen their connection God and each other by participating in a New Life ministry. No matter where you are in your walk with Christ, there is a place where you can serve and continue to mature in your relationship with God.
Your children are a priority to us and a big deal to God. Each week at New Life, they will learn all about the God who loves them in a joyful, safe environment. These engaging, age-relevant Bible lessons and activities that will meet them where they are. This is how we invest in the next generation—developing future leaders for Christ.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 6.816487
Retrieved Text: Our project consists of moving Osprey chicks (about 6 week old) from where they were born to Switzerland, where they will live in an aviary for about a month, and then once they are ready to fly, they will be released. They will then be fed and monitored for about a month and a half until they are ready to migrate. This process is known as “hacking” and has already been successfully undertaken in conservation projects in many other places in the world.
Ospreys are migratory species that in principle return to the place where they were born–or think that they were born–to breed (this is known as philopatry). Once an Osprey population disappears from an area where they previously bred, it is extremely unlikely that birds will return by themselves to breed there later, as they have lost their “tradition”.
The trick to restore Osprey populations to where they have disappeared in the past is to make them believe that they come from the place where you want them to return. This has been the basis for all other reintroduction projects that have taken place in the USA, in England, in Spain, in Italy and in Portugal.
We are collaborating with a number of countries in Europe which have healthy and prosperous Osprey populations to develop a convention to bring about 60 young Ospreys (over a period of five years, that is on average 12/year) to Switzerland for release. There will be no harm to the “parent population” in removing these birds from where they were born (to

########
Rank: 22
Score: 6.815775
Retrieved Text: What is the ingredient in Ibrance?
What are some of the possible side effects of Ibrance?
There may be other possible side effects experienced with Ibrance. People taking Ibrance should talk to their doctor about any potential side effect that is bothersome or that persists.
Patients should take their medication as prescribed by their doctor. Patients should talk to their doctor if they have any questions, or if they have questions regarding their Ibrance regimen.
For more information, read the full prescribing information of Ibrance.
Ibrance prescribing information. Pfizer Oncology. Available at http://labeling.pfizer.com/ShowLabeling.aspx?id=2191. Accessed 7/12/18.
CDK4/6 inhibitors: where they are now and where they are headed in the future. ASCO Post. Available at http://www.ascopost.com/issues/may-10-2017-supplement-cdk46-inhibitors/cdk46-inhibitors-where-they-are-now-and-where-they-are-headed-in-the-future/. Accessed 7/12/18.
Ibrance product website. Pfizer Oncology. Available at https://www.ibrance.com/how-ibrance-works. Accessed 7/12/18.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 6.812648
Retrieved Text: Dimagh Ki Ghanti 2nd September 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th july 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd July 2016 Dimagh Ki Ghanti A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 15th july 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh ki ghanti - Eid Special - 8th July 2016 A show where VJ Tahir will give the Petrol but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 27th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 20th May 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 29th April 2016 A show where VJ Ayaz will give the viewers mobile balance but only if they are able to answer her fast and mind boggling questions.
Dimagh Ki Ghanti 22nd April 2016 A

########
Rank: 24
Score: 6.8050203
Retrieved Text: Lymph nodes in the human body playimportant role. They act as biological filters and are organs of the immune system. It is the lymph nodes that detain the infection and prevent its spread throughout the body. At the same time, not everyone knows where these organs are. In this article, let's talk about where the lymph nodes are on the neck.
When a person is healthy, then feel the lymph nodesneed more carefully. They have the shape of balls, which have mobility. To detect them, it is necessary to start probing the area located under the jawbone and further down to the end of the neck.
Determine where the lymph nodes are located in the neck inthe period of the disease, accompanied by their inflammation, is not difficult. After all, they increase in size and are easily felt on the neck, which often causes soreness.
You should know that the lymph nodes are not onlyon the neck, but also in the groin. Determine exactly where they are located in this area is quite simple. They are slightly above the pubic part, namely on the sides of it. In fact, they are located between the leg and groin. In size, such nodes are similar to peas of large sizes. When they are inflamed, they are visible to the naked eye, and when probed cause pain. They are provoked by an increase in various venereal diseases, which are easy to identify with the help of a number of analyzes.
In any case, having found themselves inflamedlymph nodes in the neck or in

########
Rank: 25
Score: 6.7896457
Retrieved Text: Gifted and Talented Network Ireland is developing into a network of advocate groups for gifted children in Ireland. You can register on the Gifted and Talented Network Ireland site here. Below is a map of current locations where parents are connecting to support each other.
Each balloon on this map represents a person on our register. If you click on them, you will see where they are. For many, we only know the county, but we are asking members to get in touch to let us know their nearest town. Slowly but surely, the balloons are being more accurately positioned. Is there one there for you?
Blue: Registered members who have not yet let us know exactly where they are based or if they would like to be part of a support group.
Purple: People who have let us know exactly where they are based and have been put in touch with others in their area.
Red: People who have let us know where they are based and who would like to connect with others in their area.
Sun: Support groups already established or in the process of getting going.
If you would like to be involved, please sign up here.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 6.788643
Retrieved Text: Twitter builds in location tags: but does anyone care where you are on Twitter?
But is Twitter’s hook-up with location just a gimmick?
I guess since Twitter can introduce more location features, they have. There are no privacy issues since everyone has chosen to switch on the location. Clearly Twitter are trying to edge into location as start-ups like Foursquare and StickyBits do well there. It’s not a crazy jump, lots of Twitter clients allow geotagging already.
But just because they can, does it mean they should?
From how I see it now, it’s just a gimmick. I think that location is only useful when it is fully built into the structure of a service or app as it is in Foursquare where it actually matters where you are. It only occasionally matters where you are on Twitter and I guess that most tweets are sent from people at desks in the office, and knowing that isn’t very useful.
Most tweets are about where people are On The Internet – not where they are In Real Life. People are more interested in what website you’re on, than what street you’re on. It’s Perez Hilton or the New York Times not north Birmingham or south Birmingham.
Twittter might as well introduce it, but I don’t think the take-up will be massive. It’s for other sites to use it more smartly.

########
Rank: 27
Score: 6.7862296
Retrieved Text: Before you can buy any drain cleaner from any store, it is important for you to consider the quality of the drain cleaners that they are selling. The truth of the matter is that quality and prices are some things that go together, and you will find that if there is that store in your city where they are selling quality drain cleaners, their prices are a bit higher. The most important thing that you need to know is that you should never compromise on the quality of the drain cleaners that you are buying because of the price. You should only buy you or drain cleaners from that store where are they have a reputation in the city for selling quality drain cleaners, and their prices are within your budget. Check from the websites of the available stores in your city where they are selling drain cleaners on different prices that we have for the drain cleaners, and you can also see the reviews from other clients to see if they are selling quality drain cleaners.
The truth of the matter is that there are many different varieties of drain cleaners and on the other hand you will also find that different stores in your city sell different varieties. To find that store in your city where they are selling that kind of drain cleaner that you are looking for, it is important for you to shop around and you will identify that store. In a store where they are selling varieties of drain cleaners, you

########
Rank: 28
Score: 6.784407
Retrieved Text: Can handwriting analysis help with relationships?
By seeing the personality displayed in the writng of a couple, you can determine where they will see eye to eye, and where they are more likely to give each other a black eye. In other words, you can tell in where compatibility exists and where it does not.
And that is not to say that if two people are not totally compatible they shouldn’t be together.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 6.7830586
Retrieved Text: Increase Profits, Reduce Taxes and put Money in your Bank!
Would you ever drive your car blindfolded? Obviously, not!
Nonetheless, every day millions of business owners drive their businesses without knowing their financial position: where they have been, where they are, and where they are going.
As your profit and growth expert, our primary role is to ensure that you have the historical data that will tell you where you have been and where you currently are. With that information we can provide a professional consultation that will help you determine where you want to go while creating an action plan that will help you get there.

================



======= Instance Index 2084 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Excuse me, are you from Washington?

M: No, we come from London.

Question: Where are they from? 

- Washington.

- London.

- Paris.

Target Text: London.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 7.918289
Retrieved Text: ​The breadth and depth of the CompleteCandidate® Program reaches every student, recent graduate, and young professional no matter where they are, where they are from, or where they are going. Our process has worked for every degree, from a wide range of colleges and universities and has included every job type in every industry from across the country. The successful employment of our clients with Bachelor's degrees, Associate's degrees, Law degrees, Master's degrees, and Professional Certifications, is the standard for the program.
CompleteCandidates, where are they from?
​CompleteCandidates, where are they now?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 7.725432
Retrieved Text: Matthew 13:56 Aren't all His sisters with us as well? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And are not all His sisters with us? Then from where came to this One all these things?"
"And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this man get all these things?"
And his sisters, aren't they all with us? So where does he get all these things?"
Don't his sisters still live here in our town? How can he do all this?"
Aren't all his sisters living here? Where did he get all this?"
And his sisters are all with us, aren't they? So where did this man get all these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where did he get all this?"
And are not all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?"
And aren't all his sisters here with us? Where, then, did this man get all this?"
And his sisters, are they not all with us? From where then does this man have all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? from where then has this man all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence therefore hath he all these things?
And his sisters, are they not all with us? Whence then has this [man] all these things?
And his sisters--are they not all living here among us? Where then did he get all this?"
Isn't this the carpenter, the son of Mary and the brother of James, Joseph, Judas, and Simon? Aren't His

########
Rank: 2
Score: 7.679017
Retrieved Text: The truth of the matter is that one of the most comfortable furniture that you can find is the bean bag chairs, for either watching movies, relaxing or when you are reading novels, and the good thing is that you can also use them as a bed for your pets. Just like buying any other thing, you will find that it has never been an easy thing to find the right bean bag chairs, considering that you will find many stores in your city, where they are selling them, and you would want that store where they have designer bean bag chairs, which are of quality, and selling them within the market rates. To find the stores where they are selling bean bag chairs in your city, you can search for them on the internet where you will find many different stores or you can ask referrals from your relatives friends and neighbors. When you are searching for the right store where you will buy bean bag chairs in your city, it is important for you to consider the following factors and you will find the best store.
One of the most important thing that you need to consider when you are buying bean bag chairs it is the quality. Bea bag chairs are some of the things that you can’t be buying always, and so it is important for you to ensure that you are buying your bean bag chairs from that store where they are known in the city for selling quality bean bag chairs.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.6718044
Retrieved Text: Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same. What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
Hurricanes and Typhoons are exactly the same.
What’s different is where they start and where they go, but from a global perspective, identical.
« They’re corporates. Corporates remove what makes them look stupid. If it’s bad PR, it’s gotta go.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.6625853
Retrieved Text: Where to Buy Roofing Materials for Sale » If you are creating a home, the sort of roofing that is chosen is vital. Without proper roofing, the house will not be complete. There are several companies which give roofing services to homes at a very sensible cost. The material used for roofing is very important so that the homes can resist natural calamities. When selecting the company for your house roofing, Where To Buy Roofing Materials it’s very important to know the type of materials that is used by the business for roof building. Not absolutely all materials are well suited for constructing roofs. The main goal of any rooftop constructing company is to provide satisfaction to the customers.
cheap roofing materials made in china buy spanish roof from Where To Buy Roofing Materials, Bring it together with you when searching for drapes or another designing components screenshot received from: alibaba.com.
lightweight cheap roofing material types for container from Where To Buy Roofing Materials, Take it together with you when buying drapes or another beautifying components received from: alibaba.com.
Where to Buy Roofing Materials for Sale » The 24/7 customer care center of the firms work all the time and they will come to the address they have been provided to do the task. The business undertakes the re-roofing strategies of homes, also. The homes that are built once gets damaged roofs anticipated to natural causes and the destroyed roofs can be substituted by the new roofs. Before changing the old roofing, Where To Buy Roofing Materials the entire

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.614318
Retrieved Text: Just when Zombies life seems to be getting back to normal, it gets turned upside-down again. Adorable little gnomes are appearing on everyones lawns, but nobody knows where they came from or why theyre there. But they seem pretty cute, so Zombie doesnt mind. At the same time, people are mysteriously vanishing into thin air and no-one knows where theyve gone. Can Zombie and his friends uncover where the gnomes are from? Will they find out where people are vanishing to? Will they be able to discover whats going on before its too late?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.551524
Retrieved Text: Teaches students in levels 3 through 5 the components of a well-written, creative story and how to evaluate writing at four levels of complexity.
Students work on activities where they read given titles to decide what a story is going to be about.
Students work on activities where they determine the audience from a given piece of text.
Students work on activities where they pick a word that rhymes with a given set of words and identify rhyming words in a given quatrain and couplet.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given passage or title represents a “character, problem or solution” story or a “personal experience” story.
Students work on activities where they determine whether a given situation warrants a formal or friendly letter.
Students work on activities where they determine the character or setting from an opening.
Students work on activities where they determine the sense that relates to a given passage or word and determine whether given details relate to a specific setting.
Students work on activities where they relate a given passage to a mood.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting and plot and put events in order.
Students work on activities where they differentiate between character, setting, plot and a crisis problem.
Students work on activities where they determine the most effective climax for a given passage.
Students work on activities where they determine an appropriate ending for a given story.
Students work on activities where they determine characteristics for a given character and determine whether given characteristics are internal or not.
Students work on activities where they differentiate

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.5362635
Retrieved Text: Before you can buy any drain cleaner from any store, it is important for you to consider the quality of the drain cleaners that they are selling. The truth of the matter is that quality and prices are some things that go together, and you will find that if there is that store in your city where they are selling quality drain cleaners, their prices are a bit higher. The most important thing that you need to know is that you should never compromise on the quality of the drain cleaners that you are buying because of the price. You should only buy you or drain cleaners from that store where are they have a reputation in the city for selling quality drain cleaners, and their prices are within your budget. Check from the websites of the available stores in your city where they are selling drain cleaners on different prices that we have for the drain cleaners, and you can also see the reviews from other clients to see if they are selling quality drain cleaners.
The truth of the matter is that there are many different varieties of drain cleaners and on the other hand you will also find that different stores in your city sell different varieties. To find that store in your city where they are selling that kind of drain cleaner that you are looking for, it is important for you to shop around and you will identify that store. In a store where they are selling varieties of drain cleaners, you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.52017
Retrieved Text: What are we going to learn at Unit 2?
 Asking someone’s phone number and e-mail.
 Learning how to write about “friends”.
1. What’s your favorite country? Why?
2. What country would you like to visit?
3. Can you give the names of some countries? – Elicit a few names.
 Let students do it by themselves.
 St. A: What countries do you have?
 St. A: They are the same/different.
 Pair work: St. A points to a country and St. B. says it in English.
 Can you name a few more countries?
1. Where are you from? I’m from Brazil.
3. Where are the Beatles from? They are from Liverpool, England.
4. Where are we from? We are from Brazil.
5. Where is Obama from? He is from The United States of America.
6. Where is Shakira from? She is from Colombia?
 Have students look at the chart and repeat the names of the countries after me.
NATIONALITIES Japanese – Brazilian – Portuguese – Chinese – Australian – Italian – German 1. she is St. 2. / And his nationality? He is Brazilian. A: Madonna St. Book page 16: Complete the chart and compare answers: A St. 5. What’s Shakira’s nationality? She is Colombian. What’s Obama’s nationality? He is American. 4.. B: Is she American? Yes. What’s Gisele’s nationality? She is Brazilian. she isn’t  When I ring the bell students have to change pairs and do the same activity. / Take turns. 3. 6. What are our nationalities? We are Brazilian. B: Is she from the USA? No. Extra: Practicing “yes” – “no” questions with “be

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.5111094
Retrieved Text: The initial steps taken in logging any wood species are similar. The best trees go to veneer production, rather than other lumber uses. Long logs with few defects will make the most valuable veneer, and the production of veneer yields more income than the production of lumber for other uses from the same log.
Trees are selected, felled, and removed from their location. They are then brought to a dispatching location where they are taken by truck, railcar or waterway to yards where they are stockpiled until ready to be shipped to a location where they will be processed.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.4933033
Retrieved Text: There are actually a couple of different ways that you can effectively gauge traffic to your corporate blog, each giving different answers and filling in a slightly larger piece of the puzzle.
– Use tools like Sitemeter to track how many visitors actually land on your site.
You place a small image on your webpage, and it tracks information about your visitors as they come to your website. Not only will Sitemeter let you know how many users have come to your website or corporate blog, but it will also tell you where they came from, where they live, how long they stayed, which pages they visited specifically, how long they stayed on each page, and finally, where they went once they left.
This is a great little utility if you want to see where your traffic is coming from, where it is going, and how long it is visiting your website in the middle.
– Another way to gauge traffic to your corporate blog is through comments.
How many people are commenting on your blog entries? Not only is this going to tell you how many people are visiting your blog, but it is also going to tell you how many people found your blog entry interesting enough to leave a comment.
If you are not getting many comments, you either are not getting enough visitors, or you are not interesting enough visitors to garner comments from them.
– Trackbacks and links are another way to gauge traffic to your corporate blog.
Are people linking to your blog entries? Are they talking about

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.492148
Retrieved Text: FIRM’s services are designed to assist our clients in fulfilling their financial, investment, and benefits planning needs. Through our extensive knowledge and services, we offer clients a trusted source where they can discover everything they need to take them from where they are today to where they want to be tomorrow. Our client’s best interests are our priority.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.4838276
Retrieved Text: Space. It can be a pretty sacred thing when you are intentional about it. It can be an actual thing… an area that is free or unoccupied. And it can be something you do or create… positioning things or items with distance from one another.
I’ve learned that I really like the spaces in my life. I like the spaces that are my favorite places to be. I like when my people are in those places with me. And, I like it when I get to move things around to create space between places where it’s needed… between me and just the stuff of my day to day.
This past weekend I attended a retreat and was able to experience space in a beautiful way. I was able to create that distance from my everyday and spend time in a quiet, serene part of our beautiful state.
Very much like an artist steps back from a painting to really see it as a whole, my weekend away let me step back from regular routines and habits and see my every day from a greater distance.
When an artists steps back- they can see the parts of the painting that make up the whole. They can see where paint has been brushed on too thick. They can see where things are spread too thin. They see the places of distortion and when the scale of one thing to another is off. They can see where colors overlap, blending well or looking peaked . Artists take a step back and can see

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.471117
Retrieved Text: Accountable care organizations, are a new organization of healthcare, combining some aspects of insurance and health systems. They are collaborations which are paid a capitated rate, based on risk, and provide all care to these beneficiaries. If they show savings beyond what they are paid, they receive about half as an “incentive.” Savings cannot be achieved at the cost of patient safety and outcomes, so that “quality measures” must be met. For those showing greater costs, losses, what happens is less clear. The federal plan was to have these ACOs move from the safe environment where losses carried no real consequences, to a risk-based approach where there was “skin in the game,” and you might lose money. Oddly enough, few ACOs are moving from phase one where there are only incentives to phase two where money is on the table.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.457599
Retrieved Text: do you see this error message on the frontpage from where you are ?
WiFi connection seems variable across the hall. Where I’m sitting (front righht, looking from the back, front left from the stage you are on right now…) seems fine. I’ve been connected all day.
definitely. They are all server-side problems. But at least here they aren’t preventing the blog from “functioning”. On the other site they are.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.4520802
Retrieved Text: Our project consists of moving Osprey chicks (about 6 week old) from where they were born to Switzerland, where they will live in an aviary for about a month, and then once they are ready to fly, they will be released. They will then be fed and monitored for about a month and a half until they are ready to migrate. This process is known as “hacking” and has already been successfully undertaken in conservation projects in many other places in the world.
Ospreys are migratory species that in principle return to the place where they were born–or think that they were born–to breed (this is known as philopatry). Once an Osprey population disappears from an area where they previously bred, it is extremely unlikely that birds will return by themselves to breed there later, as they have lost their “tradition”.
The trick to restore Osprey populations to where they have disappeared in the past is to make them believe that they come from the place where you want them to return. This has been the basis for all other reintroduction projects that have taken place in the USA, in England, in Spain, in Italy and in Portugal.
We are collaborating with a number of countries in Europe which have healthy and prosperous Osprey populations to develop a convention to bring about 60 young Ospreys (over a period of five years, that is on average 12/year) to Switzerland for release. There will be no harm to the “parent population” in removing these birds from where they were born (to

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.4399495
Retrieved Text: Sandy, Inka, Archie and Pickle can't wait to meet you!
The Sandy Balls alpacas arrived at our Holiday Village in 2014 and they’ve become the kids (as well as the adults) favourites since then. But where did they come from? What do they eat? Where can you meet them?
Here are some great facts about our friendly Alpacas at Sandy Balls.
Our alpacas were bred in the New Forest but are native to Peru.
Sandy, Inka, Pickle and Archie are all boys, they are really good brothers.
Like all animals, alpacas exhibit individual personalities.
They prefer the companionship of their friends and their established community and will become stressed if separated from their buddies. At Sandy Balls they can be together all the time and they seem to be very good siblings.
Gentle and curious, alpacas respond well to children.
The alpacas eat mostly grass, but their diets can also include leaves wood, bark or stems.
Humming is the most common sound that alpacas make, which has been described as a kind of musical purring. Alpacas hum when they are curious, content, worried, bored, fearful, distressed or cautious.
At Sandy Balls we have two fun activities where you can meet them. The Alpaca introduction where you will have a chance to get up close to them and learn more about these beautiful creatures or the Alpaca walk where you can take them for a little walk.
Fancy a spot of fishing? Here’s some top tips from fishing guru Duane to get you started.
Are You Going to the Royal Welsh Show?

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.437554
Retrieved Text: I like simplicity, the purity of the design and the organic relationship with the surrounding landscape.
…architecture and its details are in some way all part of biology. Perhaps they are, for instance, like some big salmon or trout. They are not born fully grown; they are not even born in the sea or water where they normally live. They are born hundreds of miles away from their home grounds, where the rivers narrow to tiny streams, in clear rivulets between the fells, in the first drops of water from the melting ice, as remote from their normal life as human emotion and instinct are from our everyday work.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.428771
Retrieved Text: 1 in, at or to which place; in what direction Where is she going? I don't know where this road takes us .
2 in what respect showed me where I'd gone wrong .
3 from what source Where did you get information like that?
pronoun what place? Where have you come from?
1 in, at or to the, or any, place that went where he pleased .
2 in any case in which keep families together where possible .
3 the aspect or respect in which That's where you are wrong .
4 and there stopped at Hull, where we picked up Jane .
tell someone where to get off colloq to tell them that their behaviour is unwelcome or unacceptable and will not be tolerated.
where does he or she, etc get off! colloq who does he or she, etc think they are!
where it's at slang the scene of what is considered to be the most important, exciting or trendy place, etc.
where someone is coming from or where someone is colloq what they are saying or getting at; what their view or opinion is.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.4185157
Retrieved Text: Where do they come from? Where are they all going? Do they know they are on a closed course? Why do they not seem to notice 8 racing karts among them? Why do they only honk when collision is imminent? Why are there so many school buses?

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.4067874
Retrieved Text: On a trip to his homeland with his children, columnist Dan Franch finds out where they think their "roots" are.
Roots. Like plants, we all have them. Anchors that keep us grounded. Though they can’t be seen, they define who we are and where we come from.
Many people never leave their roots. Others carry them around. On the other hand, some might claim they’ve lost their roots, they’ve been uprooted, or they’ve left their roots behind. But I’m not sure they entirely disappear. We might bury our roots, but they eventually resurface.
I know I’ve got roots. I’m not so sure about my sons.
I can see it by the way they answer when people ask where they are from. Estonia sometimes. Luxembourg others. They never say the US, despite it being half of who they are. Of course they’ve never lived there nor visited it for a long time.
That’s why we packed up and hauled ourselves to America for the first three weeks of August – the East coast this time around. It’s been high time to show them a bit of history and a bit of culture (yes, we Yanks have some). It was their longest stay there and the most they’ve ever seen.
Looking back on it, I’m reminded of my first visit to Italy. I was five. In retrospect, that was when I felt that some of my roots are in Europe. It was an experience that influenced my life, very likely why I find myself living in the old country now.
Perhaps this trip will have

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.4055343
Retrieved Text: It's a lovely 6 part BBC documentary where they try to recreate historical garments using materials and techniques that would have been used at the time of the original manufacture. I especially love the episode where they tried to recreate the gorgeous green dress from the "Arnolfini Wedding" portrait by van Eyck.
You can find all six episodes on YouTube, they are fabulous. They recreate the garments not just using the original techniques, they investigate the history surrounding the clothing. If I remember correctly the six episodes cover: The Arnolfini Wedding where they recreate the dress; a portrait of Charles II receiving a pineapple from his gardner while in "casual" dress where they recreate his outfit; the portrait of Lady Elizabeth Murray and her cousin Dido Belle where they recreate Dido's outfit; The effigy of Edward, the Black Prince, where they recreate his heraldic Jupon; The infamous "scandalous" portrait of Marie Antoinette in a muslin dress where they recreate the dress; and a portrait of a hedge cutter where they recreate the gorgeous leather coat he is wearing.
I'll definitely have to check it out!

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.4027214
Retrieved Text: Twitter builds in location tags: but does anyone care where you are on Twitter?
But is Twitter’s hook-up with location just a gimmick?
I guess since Twitter can introduce more location features, they have. There are no privacy issues since everyone has chosen to switch on the location. Clearly Twitter are trying to edge into location as start-ups like Foursquare and StickyBits do well there. It’s not a crazy jump, lots of Twitter clients allow geotagging already.
But just because they can, does it mean they should?
From how I see it now, it’s just a gimmick. I think that location is only useful when it is fully built into the structure of a service or app as it is in Foursquare where it actually matters where you are. It only occasionally matters where you are on Twitter and I guess that most tweets are sent from people at desks in the office, and knowing that isn’t very useful.
Most tweets are about where people are On The Internet – not where they are In Real Life. People are more interested in what website you’re on, than what street you’re on. It’s Perez Hilton or the New York Times not north Birmingham or south Birmingham.
Twittter might as well introduce it, but I don’t think the take-up will be massive. It’s for other sites to use it more smartly.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.401553
Retrieved Text: It's May 9th. Do you know where your Seniors are going?
How time flies! Those 7th graders you just welcomed into the youth group are now suiting up in caps and gowns and receiving diplomas. How did this happen so quickly? And where did this year go? There is so much more you wish you could tell them. So much more for them to know before they head out the door.
As you look at the Class of 2012, where do you see them headed next? How many of those students do you think will graduate from High School and also "graduate" from church? How many will stay connected, or seek out a new church where they are going?
Here are a few things you can do to help them as they make the transition to college in the next few months.
1. Ask questions. They've thought about financial aid, what classes to take first semester, what dorm they want to live in, and maybe even who to their roommate will be. Ask them, "what church will you go to when you get to campus?" Most students haven't even thought about it. Plant the seed by asking about where they will go to church, how they will continue growing in their faith, do they know about Baptist Student Ministry or other solid campus organizations.
3. Be there. Studies have shown that the contact that students have with a home church even after they have moved away can remain their most significant faith connection. Help them to feel that they are still

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.392163
Retrieved Text: Want to be successful? It's all in the planning. This content will get you on track with planning for success , managing targets and mapping out how to make more m​oney.
Often when I am working with people they don’t know the answers to these questions – and without knowing where your opportunities are coming from, and what the most effective use of your time is, how can you be assured of success?
So how do you assure yourself of success? from this point on, start recording your activity and the results you get from it – this is the start of a sales funnel, or pipeline, and even a simple spreadsheet will start to give you insight into where your time is best spent. Track where your lead came from, the contacts you have with your prospect, which products or services they are interested in, when they buy, and what they buy.
Once you understand what activity goes into making a sale you can then identify where your time is best spent to assure you of success, and where you are wasting your time – and as a busy entrepreneur, you can either change your approach, or focus on where you getting most success.
Do you know your numbers? Has it given you greater control over your business? I’d love to hear how it works for you!

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.3873405
Retrieved Text: Grays, blues and whites play together within this living room.
- Where did you get the nesting tables?
great Sofa! Where did you get it?
You can find similar style sofas also at Casalife! They offer a great variety of styles and fabrics to choose from.
Thank you for the question and hope this helps!
This zig zag rug would be perfect in my house. Where is it from?
Toronto Rug Company offers a large selection of contemporary, geometric design area rugs and runners.
- Hi- I need to do track curtains for my place. where did you get them? Are they on the ceiling or on the wall? and where are those curtains from?
You can find really nice and simple tracks at IKEA and this particular one we used is on the wall. Also, the drapery is from Tonic Living. Hope that helps!
Where is that rug from? Thanks!
This chevron pattern rug was purchased from Wayfair! It is a nice way to add color and character to a space.
Thanks for the compliment! :) You can find very similar ottomans at Structube and Pier 1. Hope that helps!
- Where is thus grey sofa from please?
You can find similar style sofas at Casalife! They offer a great variety of sofas in different fabrics and styles.
Where did you find the bike artwork?
- I live bike artwork. Where did you find this? Thanks!
This art was custom made by an artist, however HomeSense is a great place to visit for their artworks! They carry a great variety of different types of artwork.
You can find similar style bras floor

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.375797
Retrieved Text: Searching and Fearless: Thoughts on Addiction/Codependence and Human Nature: Accepting people for where they are.
As I am revamping my original blog about addiction/codependence, I will add a human nature post now. God blessed me with this enlightenment about an hour before church this past Sunday.
So, as a single guy in his 40s dating and with friends who are in their 40s as well, I've come to many an insight. For example, everyone has a different path to where they are in life.
* Some have the clear path straight along the highway on a sunny day. They are very blessed and have seemingly made the 'proper' choices.
* The path of some is the scenic route where they take a few diversions. They mostly make the right choices but they make a few 'mistakes' along the way. In other words, they get to where they need to go, but they make a few 'bad choices'.
* The path of others is the long and winding road. They struggle with some of the basic questions: who am I, what is my purpose. They've made a number of questionable choices along the way. You look back at where they've come from and it is clear that it was almost inevitable that they would struggle.
What I've come to realize is that each person in my life has their own story. They have their own path. The people with the easier path, you don't begrudge them for not understanding. The people with the long and winding path, you don't judge them for where

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.3707666
Retrieved Text: Where are Grant Attachments located in FIMS when they are Imported from IGAM?
When attachments are sent over from IGAM to FIMS, where are they stored in FIMS?
In IGAM, the files are saved in a folder under: GIFTS > IGAM > Forms > (Form ID) >Apps >(RecordID). When the application is considered into FIMS, the files are copied and saved in a folder under: Found>Profiles>(Profile Name/ID)>Grant_#####.
The files are copied from the IGAM location to the FIMS location, so there are two copies in the system until the application is purged from IGAM. The documents can be moved out of the FIMS folder after importing the application from IGAM but it is recommended to keep them in the FIMS folder for easy access. You can create a copy and move to another location.
It is not possible to change where the documents get saved, they will always get saved to the Profile folders.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.369397
Retrieved Text: Did you know that Las Vegas has more to offer other than gambling?
This review is to help visitors from around the world to see that Las Vegas has more to offer than just gambling. There's culture here.
Don't miss out on the opportunity to meet local authors.
Did you know that there are also art galleries, bookstores, writers groups, and book signings in Las Vegas? There is a large literary culture in Las Vegas. For the longest time, it was a mystery where these places were. People did not know whom to ask, and still not sure if they can. Many readers miss out on the opportunity to meet local authors.
Las Vegas Writer’s and their Books .com has been created and its goal is to make sure that when visitors come to Las Vegas, they can find these places.
Venues, restaurants, coffee shops, art galleries, and other places where writers are reading. A lot of the material is from their published books, they are presenting a new book, and where they are signing their books for your enjoyment. These venues are providing their location to support local writers and their craft. So make sure you support those venues as well.
The website also offers Author Interviews. You can read about your favorite author, from where they are from, what other books they have written, and a small sample of their current books. Find out where they are signing their books to get your autographed copy. You also have the opportunity to meet them and talk to them about anything. Writes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.3683715
Retrieved Text: Meet me in an old book store, where the scent of pages harks back to the time when people used to live what they read.
Meet me on a rough grassy path in the park, where people used to walk to breathe, where there is a scent of wilderness to keep.
Meet me on the footsteps of a rainbow dream, where the colours are from your laughter, and where you find angels in the depths of your sleep.
Meet me on a cobblestoned street, where once mighty armies marched to a beat, where bugles sounded even in retreat.
Meet me on the strains of a guitar, where the rhythm lives inside you even as it hits you from afar.
Meet me in the rhythm of a song, when they play majestic violins as they sweep over the sea, where the only ones dancing are you & me.
Meet me in a poem, where the words are woven in a symphony, of timeless desire, of poignant pain and sighs of delight.
Meet me on a piece of paper, where timeless ink has left its mark, where the music is written but the song has yet to start.
first come around the corner.

================



======= Instance Index 2346 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: It's July 12th. Is it Tuesday?

M: No. It's Friday.

Question: What day is it? 

- It's Saturday.

- It's Tuesday.

- It's Friday.

Target Text: It's Friday.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.074539
Retrieved Text: When Is National What Day?
Is It What Day Today?
It's What day on the 4th of October.
The most recent detection of references to What Day was 5 days, 11 hours ago.
How Is The Date For What Day Calculated?
The day shown for 'National What Day' is based off how much chitter-chatter and buzz there was on Oct. 4, 2016 across social media making references to 'What Day'. Our algorithms examine all of the references to National Days across social media and updates whatnationaldayisit.com hourly, with our homepage displaying the current national day, including others such as: Taco, Vodka or Boyfriends Day. This crowdsourcing of data method to assess the National What Day date is used as opposed to being connected with any Government sacntioned lists :D Hurrah for democracy by concensus!
We've put together the following resources full of nifty tips on how to increase the reach of What Day. The resources include: graphs, badges, and resources on what steps to take to boost What Day's visibility.
Can I Register What Day?
We don't have an international authority or governmental remit to declare any officially celebrated "national What day". We only aim to programatically reflect what 'National Day' it is based of what The Internet Says It Is. We believe this is much more fun as it reflects the nature of how the most amusing / interesting national days are often created organically and grow based off popular social trends and sharing, as such we don't add new days to our database unless they are organically observed on social media.
Is it

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.032751
Retrieved Text: January is the first month of the year and it has 31 days. The January zodiac sign is the Capricorn (from January 1 to January 19) and Aquarius (from January 20 to January 31). The birthstone for January is the Garnet. The Carnation is the January birth flower. The most important January 2018 holidays are New Year’s Day (January 1), World Braille Day (January 4), Epiphany (January 6), Orthodox Christmas Day (January 7), International Programmer’s Day (January 7), Orthodox New Year (January 14), Martin Luther King Jr. Day (January 15), Inauguration Day (January 20), World Religion Day (January 21), Australia Day (January 26), International Customs Day (January 26), and International Day of Commemoration in Memory of the Victims of the Holocaust (January 27).
What day is January 1 in 2018?
January 1st 2018 day of the week is Monday. It is the 1st day of the year. January 1 is in week 1 of 2018. There are 364 days left until the end of the year. January 1 zodiac sign is Capricorn.
What day is January 2 in 2018?
January 2nd 2018 day of the week is Tuesday. It is the 2nd day of the year. January 2 is in week 1 of 2018. There are 363 days left until the end of the year. January 2 zodiac sign is Capricorn.
What day is January 3 in 2018?
January 3rd 2018 day of the week is Wednesday. It is the 3rd day of the year. January 3 is in week 1 of 2018. There are 362 days left until the end of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.026959
Retrieved Text: Secret Tactics for Making Recurring Income!
Then Don't Miss The Sale.
Those who understand interest earn it. Those who don't pay it.
WHAT DAY IS IT?... WHAT DAY IS IT?... ITs HUMP-DAY*... I PREFER PAY-DAY* ... YOU?
WHAT DAY IS IT?... WHAT DAY IS IT?... ITs HUMP-DAY*... I PREFER PAY-DAY* ... YOU ?
$4800 Potential a month?! Just To gather info...?! Join Now!!!!!

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.02541
Retrieved Text: YUSUFALI: (Then) shall each soul know what it hath sent forward and (what it hath) kept back.
PICKTHAL: A soul will know what it hath sent before (it) and what left behind.
SHAKIR: Every soul shall know what it has sent before and held back.
PICKTHAL: Who created thee, then fashioned, then proportioned thee?
SHAKIR: Who created you, then made you complete, then made you symmetrical?
YUSUFALI: In whatever Form He wills, does He put thee together.
PICKTHAL: Into whatsoever form He will, He casteth thee.
SHAKIR: Into whatever form He pleased He constituted you.
YUSUFALI: Day! nit ye do reject Right and Judgment!
PICKTHAL: Nay, but ye deny the Judgment.
YUSUFALI: They know (and understand) all that ye do.
PICKTHAL: Who know (all) that ye do.
SHAKIR: They know what you do.
PICKTHAL: Lo! the righteous verily will be in delight.
SHAKIR: They shall enter it on the day of judgment.
YUSUFALI: And they will not be able to keep away therefrom.
PICKTHAL: And will not be absent thence.
SHAKIR: And they shall by no means be absent from it.
YUSUFALI: And what will explain to thee what the Day of Judgment is?
PICKTHAL: Ah, what will convey unto thee what the Day of Judgment is!
SHAKIR: And what will make you realize what the day of judgement is?
YUSUFALI: Again, what will explain to thee what the Day of Judgment is?
PICKTHAL: Again, what will convey unto thee what the Day of Judgment is!
SHAKIR: Again, what will make you realize what the day of judgment Is?
YUSUFALI: (It will be) the Day when no soul shall have power (to do) aught for another: For the command, that

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.999417
Retrieved Text: Water is the most important.
From when I jogged on top of a ship.
Day 15 Is it finished?
Day 17 What to maintain?
Day 22 Where's the edge?
Day 26 Who should be doing this job? How would they do it?
Gouache on paper, 8x8, 2015.
Day 30 Which elements can be grouped?
Day 32 Would anybody want it?
Day 46 Do we need holes?
Day 47 Do the words need changing?
Day 48 Which frame would make this right?
Day 59 Try faking it!
Day 63 Think: Inside the work. Outside the work.
Day 65 Go outside. Shut the door.
Day 70 What to increase? What to reduce?
Day 76 State the problem in words as clearly as possible.
Day 87 What mistakes did you make the last time?
Day 92 What would your closest friend do?
Day 93 Is there something missing?
Day 97 How would you have done it?
Day 100 What wouldn't you do?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.855433
Retrieved Text: What does a dba do all day long?
WHAT DOES KAREN DO EVERY DAY?.
What does it all MEAN? What does this have to do with YOU?
Just What Does A Property Manager Do Every Day for a Community Association?
Fred. What does Fred do every day? Every day, he.. Use the: Present Simple.
What does he do?Hes a basketball player. What does he do? Hes a spaceman.
What is a Business? What does/should it do? How does it do it?

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.8383284
Retrieved Text: The 30 Day Chronic Illness Blog was created by @cfs_zombie. Each day, there is a brand new writing prompt that deals with chronic illness and/or living with a chronic illness. I learned about this Challenge when someone reblogged it onto my Tumblr dashboard. I have reached the end of the series!
Day 30: And finally… starting at your toes and working up to your head, name each part of your body and how your illness has affected it, followed by something you like about that part of your body.
That’s too many words for a blog title, so I’m calling this one “Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes” (like the kid’s song).
30 Day Chronic Illness Challenge, Out of Spoons 0 comments on What has Helped you Cope with the Stress?
What has Helped you Cope with the Stress?
The 30 Day Chronic Illness Challenge was created by @cfs_zombie. I learned about it when someone reblogged it onto my Tumblr dashboard. Each day, there is a brand new writing prompt. All topics focus on chronic illness and/or what it is like to live with a chronic illness.
Day 29: What has helped you cope with the stress of this lifestyle?
The 30 Day Chronic Illness Challenge is something I learned about through Tumblr. It was created by @cfs_zombie. Each day, there is a brand new writing prompt that focuses on the topic of chronic illness. I am looking forward to completing this project.
30 Day Chronic Illness Challenge, Out of Spoons 0 comments on What’s the Most Helpful Advice you have Had?
What’s the Most Helpful

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.83163
Retrieved Text: What are the holy days for Mormon's?
Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Mormons) celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ on Christmas and his Resurrection on Easter. Many members also celebrate "Pioneer Day" on the 24th of July, as that is the day when the first group of Mormon Pioneers arrived at what is now Salt Lake City. Some members observe April 6th as well, which is the day the Church was officially organized. Church members also regard each Sunday as the Sabbath and keep that day holy by spending time with family, worshipping Jesus Christ, studying scripture, and visiting the sick. They do not seek entertainment, go shopping, participate in sporting events, or work on Sunday.
What are three Holy Days in Holy Week?
Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (commonly called "Mormons") practice Restorationist Christianity. Restorationists are not Catholic, Orthodox, or Protestant. If you'd like to know more specifics about how and what Church members worship and believe, visit www.mormon.org.
What are the Islamic holy days?
allah choose some days which has more values for muslin , Friday,arafa day , al qadr night .
Does Islam have holy days?
Islam has two holidays:. 1, Eid al-Fitr, the Feast of Breaking the Fast, at the end of Ramadan.. 2. Eid al-Adha, the Feast of the Sacrifice, during the Hajj. The 2 Eids and the month of Ramadhaan.
What are the seven holy days of obligation?
The holy day for Christians?
The most significant feast day is Pentecost as it is the birthday of the Church.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.8291287
Retrieved Text: 31648 questions found in 0.002 secs.
Why does he never ask about my day?
Has trump ever had a pet?
What is "Singles Day", and when is it?
What day is Easter on?
What did you have on Thanksgiving day?
What is the most important day to you?
Why was it called d day?
Does trump care about protests?
Is the world ever on the same day?
Why can't young babies sit up?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.804348
Retrieved Text: Barney and Friends Season 1 Episode 27 Oh, What a Day.
27. Oh, What A Day!
I do not own any of these clips or audio. They belong to The Lyons Groups, PBS and HIT.
It is requested by Jordan6379, justinsherman2004, and barneyallday.
Here is the complete episode of A Day at the Beach. Thank you for watching.
Taken from Oh What A Day.
JasonPleasant #MyJazzyMac #AutisticTalent #BarneySongs #Barneyandfriends.
from this episode Oh, What a Day!
Barney & Friends: Oh, What A Day! Ending Credits 1. End Program 2. Barney Says Segment 3. Ending Credits 4. CPB Funding 5. PBS Kids Logo.
I scream you scream we all scream for ice cream. (From barney oh what a day).
I think this version is my favorite because it makes me so great to think about it this way.so you all can enjoy.
Clip from A Perfectly Purple Day! (episode) and Audio from Oh, What a Day!

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.748972
Retrieved Text: Those of us who have long attended the services of the Lord’s church on the first day of the week may have gotten to the point where Sunday is no longer anything special to us. If so, we urgently need to do whatever is necessary to regain a sense of just how great a day the Lord’s Day is. This week, let’s consider the fact that the first day of the week is a day to remember the Lord.
The Lord’s Day is the day that God has commanded us to remember His Son, and He has filled it with good things we ought to treasure. Sunday is our best opportunity to be with the best people in the world — the Lord’s people — to worship and learn and pray and sing, to give of our means and observe the Lord’s Supper, to edify and be edified, to rejoice in the blessings we enjoy in Christ.
At the very center of all these good things is the Lord Himself. If we love Him, His day ought to be the day we look forward to most of all. John wrote, “For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments. And his commandments are not burdensome” (1 Jn. 5:3). The fact that we are commanded to worship on the Lord’s Day does not mean it has to be a dreary duty. If we love the One who commanded us to remember Him, the day on which we do that will be a pleasure.
It would be profitable

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.7433667
Retrieved Text: Day 1 What is your biggest struggle with loving yourself?
Day 3 What good habit do you want to begin with that month ?
Day 4 What is a compliment that you struggle to accept about yourself?
Day 5 What is something that you need to start saying „yes“ to?
Day 6 What do you need to forgive yourself for?
Day 8 Where in your life you need to slow down and take your time?
Day 9 What’s something in your life you need to get rid off?
Day 10 How can you set better boundaries in your life?
Day 11 How would you describe yourself in a loving way to a stranger?
Day 12 What things make you happy to be alive?
Day 13 Take a selfie. Just as you are. Find one thing to love about it.
Day 14 What would your younger self of you be proud of you for today?
Day 15 What are you afraid of to ask for? What do you need to speak up about?
Day 16 What is the most loving thing you have ever done for you?
Day 17 When was the last time you indulged yourself and how?
Day 18 What’s one change you can make to increase your happiness?
Day 19 How are you making the world a better place?
Day 21 What’s something you’re working on you believe you deserve?
Day 22 What things make you feel bad but you find yourself doing anyway?
Day 23 What does your support system look like? How can you make it stronger?
Day 24 What’s something you wish someone would say to you?
Day 25 What things are

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.6977167
Retrieved Text: Labor Day, how do you celebrate it.
Labor Day, in most peoples eyes it brings the end of summer. Even though it really isn't, still feels like it. Most attractions are closing for the year, the weather starts to change. For some, it is a weekend plus a day off. Others it is a normal work day. But how did Labor day come to be. An article on CNN.com gave me a little more knowledge on what the holiday is, so here is a little glimpse of what it is.
Labor Day started with a parade. An idea of a parade to celebrate the American Worker. It is said that the New York Labor Movement was the first to have the idea. But the very first Labor day celebration was back in the year 1882 in New York. The first state to have the day as on official holiday was Oregon and in 1894 it was made a federal holiday.
How do you celebrate the day? Is it a trip to the campground, one last trip to to a amusement park, or just a backyard BBQ.
No matter what you do, just remember how the holiday was started. Enjoy the day however you do. Get outside and enjoy the weather, because in a few short months, for us here in Minnesota anyways, those temps will drop and the snow will start to fall.
But check out the article on CNN.com. The history of the holiday is there, along with what others do to celebrate Labor Day.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.691217
Retrieved Text: Today is Good Friday. It is a solemn day. A reflective day. A day for contemplation. A day to ponder.
If I asked you who is the most tragic figure in the Bible, who would you say?
Adam? Eve? Moses? Saul? Elisha? Jeremiah? Hosea?
Job? Bathsheba? Tamar? John the Baptist? Peter? Judas?
So many to choose from. Who would you choose?
Who do I think is the most tragic figure in the Bible?
A sobering thought, but true. God never gets what God wants. God never gets what God deserves. True in Biblical times, and true today.
But what does God want? What does God deserve?
What does God want? What does God deserve?
Today is “Good Friday”. A solemn day. A reflective day. A day to think about justice, and kindness, and love and what that means in light of Good Friday. It is difficult to think about God as a tragic figure, God who never gets what God wants and never gets what God deserves. It is difficult but important.
To think about God as a tragic figure is not the only way we should think about God, but on Good Friday, somehow it seems appropriate.
* Rabbi Dr. Donniel Hartman speaking at the West Shore Committee for Jewish/Christian Dialogue Conference, Oct 2006.
Posted in Bible, Christianity, God, Human. Tagged Bible, God, Good Friday, tragic figures.
I think we don’t think of God as a tragic figure is because God knows that He will not get what He wants or what He deserves. He is God. That places the question back on the floor as to which

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.6721096
Retrieved Text: What you do with your time tells me what you value. Let’s start with how you spend your day. Here’s how to OWN it.
Your actions are the results of your thoughts and beliefs. They’re valuable assets that fuel your desires — or destroy them.
Are your assets becoming your liabilities?
Is your value becoming your wasted time?
Once you stop seeing time as money, and value it so much higher, you’ll continue to investing it in things with very little, no, or a negative ROI.
You can lose money and gain money, AND you can make it.
But you cannot create it.
You can live time. Period.
You can’t make it. You can’t create it.
But YOU can make time for those things you value. And with it you can create a valuable experience in your life.
Once time is gone, it’s gone.
Once life is gone, it’s gone.
However, what you choose to do with it when you have it has the power to create something that’ll live way beyond your time.
Today. To date. Is the only time you have.
Own your day…by owning your time.
If you desire to create a life you love, you must create a date with your desire.
When you own your desires, you own the time it takes to live in them — while creating them.
Do what you desire. Every. Day.
And if not for the whole day. At least put your whole heart and soul into it, while creating what you desire.
Own your words. Every. Word. Every. Day.
What you say matters. Your words come from the abundance of your heart.
Stop wasting your words

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.6591463
Retrieved Text: Anders also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Marc Rojas ~ skyd a very Happy Birthday, with many more to come. Have a good one and a safe one, Marc!
Marc also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Matt Konecek ~ matt k a very Happy Birthday with many more to come. Matt, have a good one and a safe one.
Matt also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Howard Bingley ~ olevet in Oklahoma and Mikael Svensson ~ supercobran in Sweden share the same birthday! Here is wishing both a safe and sound birthday with a lot more to come. Have a good one!
Howard and Mikael also happy BDay and hope the day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Joe Salemi ~ mark30h a very Happy Birthday with many more to come. Joe, have a good one and a safe one!
Joe also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Jerry Anteau ~ jagjer55 a very Happy Birthday, with many more to come. Jerry, have a good one and a safe one!
Jerry also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Jeff Sill ~ 63Tealbird a very Happy Birthday. Have a good one and a safe one, Jeff!
Jeff also happy BDay and hope this day brings what you want it to?
Here is wishing Håkan Andersson ~ wellsville ~ Sweden a very Happy

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.6523438
Retrieved Text: Mitch Schneiders World » Have A Good Day!
It’s become a reflex, hasn’t it… A smile. A wave. And, a friendly, thoughtless edict.
No matter how you determine what a ‘normal’ day is, at 6:15 in the evening that day is just about over. There certainly isn’t a lot of time left for something ‘good’ to happen. So, why bother suggesting it?
I could understand wishing someone a “good day” if we could all agree on what a good day looked or felt like. But, that hasn’t happened… Has it? If it has, I must have missed it and I don’t think I did. And, if that’s the case, now might be a good time for us to give it a shot. What have we got to lose? Directing someone to have a great day would certainly be a lot more meaningful if everyone could agree on what it really meant to have one.
Does that mean a day with training is a “good day,” or at least the start of one? I’ll bet it does.
If you are in business, is a good day a profitable day: a day where you have somehow managed to make a little more than you spent? It certainly would be “good day” in this economy! Is it enough to define a “good day” simply as one that hasn’t managed to become a bad one? What do you think? I’ve experienced more than my share of days like that: days where just having nothing bad happen looked and felt pretty damned good by the end

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.629192
Retrieved Text: With Valentine’s Day approaching, it is no doubt that some people may stress about whether they will have a valentine to share it with. For those of you that do, that is great! You and your valentine will have a great time doing whatever you planned for the special day. But, if you don`t have a valentine this year, that is great too! Even though you may not think it is, the day is what you make of it.
With that being said, you probably want to do something for Valentine’s Day, but maybe you just aren’t sure what you want to do to. You don’t have a Valentine, so you don`t want to go somewhere too romantic, or somewhere that may kill the mood for your night out with your friends. Or, you do have a Valentine, and you do want to be somewhere romantic. Decisions, decisions. Remember that Valentine`s Day is what you personally make of it, but it is always nice to have some guidance during the planning process of it. Anyone can use these ideas. Just because one may “sound” like more of a date than a fun thing to do with friends, who cares? As long as you have fun with whatever you decide to do is all that truly matters. Not to be too much of a pessimist on this day, but after all, keep in mind that February 14th is just another day of the year, and it truly doesn’t matter what anyone thinks of what you do. Go have

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.628176
Retrieved Text: 1 When the sky breaks apart.
2 When the planets are scattered.
3 When the oceans are exploded.
4 When the tombs are strewn around.
5 Each soul will know what it has advanced, and what it has deferred.
6 O man! What deluded you concerning your Lord, the Most Generous?
7 He Who created you, and formed you, and proportioned you?
8 In whatever shape He willed, He assembled you.
9 But you reject the religion.
10 Though over you are watchers.
12 They know everything you do.
13 The virtuous will be in bliss.
14 While the wicked will be in Hell.
15 They will enter it on the Day of Justice.
16 And they will not be absent from it.
17 But what will convey to you what the Day of Justice is?
18 Then again, what will convey to you what the Day of Justice is?
19 The Day when no soul will avail another soul anything; and the decision on that Day is God's.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.6259694
Retrieved Text: "Today's message is titled "Drinking with Jesus" and is based on John 2:1-12. In John 2, Jesus performs His first miracle and turns the water into wine.
What we're really focusing on here is what Jesus said about Himself. Who did he say he was? He called himself a ladder. Jesus is the ladder to God.
Today's message is titled "Drinking with Jesus." We are going to figure out what it means to drink with Jesus. Is the point of this passage that Jesus drank? That's not the point. Is the point that Jesus changed the water into wine or into Welch's grape juice? That's not the point either.
The Bible is very clear when we talk about drinking alcohol as in drinking alcohol to get drunk. The Bible says very clearly that we are not supposed to get drunk (Ephesians 5:18).
But that's not the point of the passage either. The point is not about whether Jesus liked to party. The scripture is very clear about that. Jesus was in the middle of these social, festive occasions, and the Bible isn't saying that he was down in the middle of the party dancing. But what is very clear is that Jesus liked to party.
"On the third day a wedding took place at Cana in Galilee. Jesus' mother was there, and Jesus and His disciples had also been invited to the wedding."
John the writer points this out very clearly that this happened on the third day. But what is the symbolism of the third day?
In Genesis Chapter 1, on the

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.6250906
Retrieved Text: It’s been a tough week. I think I’ve cried every day and not because I’ve watched too many Hallmark movies. It’s just been that tough. Emotionally and physically I’m drained. It’s easy to say I hope next week will be better. But what does hope really mean? Last year in October, I explored the idea of faith for 31 days. This year I want to do the same with hope. I think I have a light, fluffy view of the word hope. I desire to replace it with the essence of Romans 15:13: May the God of hope fill you with all grace and peace as you trust in Him, so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
I want my life to overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit, so here’s to understanding hope a little more over the next 31 days!
Day 1: What Do I Hope For?
Day 5: What Will People Think?
Day 6: What is Going On?
Day 11: What if I Want to Die?
Day 18: What’s Better Than Good Marketing?
Day 19: What If I Don’t Want to Homeschool Again?
Day 20: Why Is This So Hard?
Day 21: Lord, Help Me Teach My Daughter!
Day 26: When Will This Get Easier?
I am accepting this challenge to write for 31 days in October. Topic? Faith.
My faith seems a bit small these days. My hope, my prayer is that by writing about it every day, I will water that little seed and it will grow. I pray that as it grows

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.61948
Retrieved Text: So we wait four whole years to get an entire extra day again and it turns out to be a Monday. Darn the luck. Rumor has it that Leap Day will be on a Saturday in 2020—as it should be—but this go around . . . Monday.
So what will you do with this rare gift of an entire day? My guess is go to work, so on, so forth. Just another Monday.
But, what if. What if you really did have a free day, twenty-four hours with no responsibilities, what would you do? And while we’re in make-believe world, what if it didn’t have a name like Monday (work) or Saturday (take the kids to soccer) or Sunday (go to church)? What if we made up a cool name like Freeday so that there was no lurking guilt as to what you should be doing that day instead? How would you spend Freeday?
My good friend, Wikipedia, told me that Leap Day occurs in most years divisible by four but not years divisible by 100 unless divisible by 400. I’m not making this up. Some cat named Pope Gregory XIII did make this up 400+ years ago, so I’m asking, why can’t you make up some math and declare a day all for you?
I say pick a day and go for it. Time is a precious gift, and observation tells me that it eventually runs out on all of us, so why not resist the forces working against you and seize a (Free)day.
The Judeo-Christian heritage calls such craziness

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.6188936
Retrieved Text: This is the best collection of funny Mother’s Day jokes anywhere!
We have dozens of fun kids jokes for Mother’s Day that are guaranteed to bring a smile to mom’s face – not to mention the rest of the family.
We only have clean Mother’s Day jokes, so this is safe for kids of all ages. These jokes are great for friends, daughters, grandmothers, sisters, teachers and anyone who celebrates Mother’s Day.
Most people call it Mother’s Day, while others call it Mothers Day or Mothers’ Day. The founder of Mother’s Day, Anna Marie Jarvis, spelled it as Mother’s Day. In the United States, Mother’s Day is celebrated every year on the second Sunday of May and it is a day for all of us to publicly appreciate mothers and motherhood.
Looking for something to write inside a Mother’s Day card? Try including one or more of these jokes to bring an extra smile to the day.
Q: What kind of flowers are best for Mother’s Day?
Q: Why did they have to rush the mommy rattlesnake to the doctor on Mother’s Day?
A: She bit her tongue!
Q: Why did the mommy cat want to go bowling on Mother’s Day?
A: She was an alley cat.
Q: What color flowers do mama cats like to get on Mother’s Day?
Q: What did mommy pig put on her Mother’s Day pancakes?
Q: What warm drink helps mom relax on Mother’s Day?
Q: How do you get the kids to be quiet on Mother’s Day morning?
A: Say mums the word.
Q: How do you keep little cows quiet so their mommy

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.6071434
Retrieved Text: Internet shopping at What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day coupon codes have various favorable circumstances for overall client. We are fixated on enduring worth and quality. We expand this incentive through making sound relations with our clients. We are endeavoring to improve this world consistently. You can have a wide variety of things to choose. What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day has a wide combination of items for women, men, and children. When you shop in the What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day, there are prizes to gain. On the off chance that you spend an explicit whole, you will get a reward in What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day coupons, which is open to use with your next purchase. They furthermore offer What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day promotions with your favored measure, which makes shopping a lovely breeze for any individual. Another favored point of view of shopping with What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day is we surrender in store pick. While putting in a demand on the web, one can have the option of an in-store pickup and finish the way toward paying for the thing in What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day. You can get to site for markdown and free transporting utilizing What To Buy On Amazon Prime Day discount codes. Our pages are constantly running on social destinations to keep our clients refreshed about our new items and landings. Our reaction rate is 100%. We are accessible every minute of every day to

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.6009097
Retrieved Text: What do your children know about Memorial Day? This is a day when we remember the bravery and sacrifice of those who fought and defended our freedom. This short Memorial Day quiz will teach your kids why this holiday matters to their freedom and their future. We also have a Memorial Day word search and crossword puzzle to help your kids understand what this day is all about. See how well your kids do on this Memorial Day trivia.
1. What day of the week is Memorial Day celebrated?
2. Who do we honor on Memorial Day?
3. Waterloo, New York has been named the birthplace of Memorial Day by which President?
4. What is the largest national cemetery named?
6. There is something unique at the Arlington national cemetery. What is it?
7. How many soldiers were originally buried at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
8. As of 1998, how many soldiers are currently buried at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier?
9. Who has been credited as being the first to declare that shops are closed for one day to honor the soldiers coming back from the Civil War?
10. In 1866, townspeople and live soldiers placed flowers on the graves of fallen soldiers. Before it was Memorial Day, this day was called?
What piece of trivia would you add?
Why do we celebrate Memorial Day? This is a day when we remember the bravery and sacrifice of those who fought and defended our freedom.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.60048
Retrieved Text: I know it may be a busy day today, full of activity or worry or a change of plans or unexpected problems but remember what today is all about, focus on the part about being thankful, what you’re grateful for, what this day is meant to be all about and not what it has become for many – a chore, hassle, problems, drama, arguments, tension, awkward silence, reluctant meetings, obligatory family or relatives gathering, or some other negative type of perspective or view of this holiday.
Keep in mind all the good things about Thanksgiving. Try to make the best of whatever happens today. Try to make someone smile, make them glad they saw you and talked to you. Try, just don’t do less than that. Be that person who at least tried to celebrate Thanksgiving the way it’s meant to be.
Today is a holiday, a day for being together, a day for saying what you’re thankful for, a day for smiles and stories, a day of rest from days of work, a day that should stand out in some obvious way, an enjoyable day, one to remember, not to regret and wish to forget.
Again, happy Thanksgiving to all who celebrate it on this day, and those who live where it’s not, you can still make today a day of remembering what to be thankful for and celebrate it in your way. Enjoy.
Do you have no one to talk to or message or communicate with today? Comment here, ask something, say something, about being thankful or about

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.5999975
Retrieved Text: What Would Your Perfect Day in Victoria British Columbia Look Like?
If you had just ONE Perfect Day to travel Victoria BC, what would that day LOOK like?
If you had a friend or family member visiting you in Victoria British Columbia and you had only ONE day to do EXACTLY what you wanted, to show them how incredible Victoria really is, what would that day look like?
Spend some time putting your day together then fill out the short form below to let us know what you would do.
We're always looking for travel writers to contribute to our website. Submit as many Perfect Days as you wish (maybe 1 for each season)!
If you only had 1 day to see Victoria, what would it have to include? Share it with our readers!
Do you have a picture to go with your perfect day itinerary? Great! Click the button and find it on your computer. Then select it.
Thanks for telling us about your perfect day to travel Victoria BC. We look forward to sharing your thoughts with the rest of our readers!

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.5917797
Retrieved Text: The concept of Valentine’s Day is an excellent one for friends, family, and partners. Having a special day dedicated for showing love and appreciation can create lifelong memories and strengthen bonds with one another. However, Valentine’s Day easily becomes stressful for many people around the world. The over-commercialization of this special day turns it into a competition for who did what, and nervous time for those who aren’t sure they’ll receive a present from their loved one.
In the midst of all this, children often find it difficult to understand what Valentine’s Day truly means. They find themselves entangled between materialism, the perception of love, and rampant gift giving. And for many children, their first exposure to Valentine’s Day comes in kindergarten. Teachers may propose activities that involve gift giving or completing an assignment regarding what this day means.
As a parent, you play an important role in helping children put this special day into perspective.
Your own reflections about Valentine’s Day are what you will ultimately share with your children. Take some time to think about what this day means to you. Are you expecting to give or receive gifts? Do you think it should involve family members giving each other gifts? How should you celebrate this special day in general?
By thinking about your own experiences and opinions about Valentine’s Day, you can refine the image that you ultimately give off to your children.
As you begin explaining to your child what Valentine’s Day means, you should emphasize the importance of family. February 14th is an excellent opportunity for

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.5917335
Retrieved Text: A complete list of Quick Spell Candles – If you already know what you want or are in a hurry, this is a great way to get your shopping done!
You have a special spirit within you. Activate this spirit and feel in touch with your spiritual side and your connection to all things. Blue Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax.
Sometimes a person needs a little push. if your adult child needs a push towards living on their own this candle is for you.
Pink Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax. White Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax. Pink Candle: 6" candle (3/4" in diameter) comes wrapped with instructions and burns for about four hours. Instructions include what to write on the candle, what day to burn it and what to do with the left over wax.
Create some harmony between you and the In-Laws by asking for them to be more understanding and agreeable, happy and compliant!
Bring energy to your meditations. Helps

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.588521
Retrieved Text: I came across this brief story in this original location. It was written by Jonathan Gibson.
Q. Ben, what day is it?
A. It’s the Lord’s Day.
Q. And what do we do on the Lord’s Day?
Q. And where do we go on the Lord’s Day?
Q. And what do we do at church?
A. We worship the Triune God.
Q. And who do we get to worship with?
Once we grasp this connection—between the church militant on earth and the church triumphant in heaven—it changes the significance of our Sundays: what it is we’re about to do, and who it is we’re about to join . . . after we’ve finished our pancakes.

================



======= Instance Index 1459 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: It's ten o'clock. I'm going to have to be leaving.

M: Leaving? Already?

W: Yes. I've got to get up early tomorrow.

M: Ok. Stop over again sometime.

Question: What time was it? 

- 10:00.

- 11:00.

- 9:00.

Target Text: 10:00.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.241152
Retrieved Text: ENTime, why did it erase what was erased?
ENTime, what did it change what it changed into?
ENTime, what did it throw away?
ENTime, what did it touch?
ENTime, what did it know of what it knew?
ENTime, what has it become?
Time, why did it erase what was erased?
Time, what did it change what it changed into?
Time, what did it throw away?
Time, what did it touch?
Time, what did it know of what it knew?
Time, what has it become?
Hey, thanks. But unfortunately it took me half a year to see your comment haha.

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.161565
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.039947
Retrieved Text: What happened to the Master between "The War Games" and "Terror of the Autons"
What were the War Games I tried to watch it, but I only got small scenes.
This tag contains 124 answered questions.
Did the War Chief regenerate in 'War Games'?
Do we ever get to see Gallifrey?
How big is the outside of the tardis?
How can Jamie be traveling with an older Second Doctor when his memory was wiped by the Time Lords?
How did the 2nd Doctor die?
How do time lords erase memories?
How does the Doctor know Winston Churchill?
How does The Master know about the events of "The War Games"(as shown in "Frontier In Space")?
How long does a time lord live?
How many episodes feature the War Chief?
In the classic series, did the writing team etc, have a concept of a season finale containing important events like a regeneration or companion departure, or were they just randomly scattered in throughout each series?
In which episode does another Time Lord first appear?
In which episode was the term Time Lord first used?
Is The War Games on Season 6?
Is there anything to prevent the Doctor being regenerated as a helpless infant or a troublesome toddler?
Was the Eighth Doctor the first Doctor we see kiss?
Was the Master in The War Games?
Was there an actor problem that cause so many different Doctors?
What does it mean by "the Five Peri's" in Peri and the Piscon Paradox?
What does SIDRAT stand for?
What episode is it revealed the Doctor is a Time Lord?
What episode was it revealed that the TARDIS was stolen?
What epsoide was war games?
What happened to

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.9724483
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.9543886
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.9339676
Retrieved Text: What if time was just a series of moments?
You having the best time!
You, using a still river to stare at the stars.
What if time was like a pulse? What if every second happened at once?
Remember that time you were hurt, or ill? How it seemed to last forever?
Or that lazy day that, in the best way, would not end?
What if, somewhere in time, you’re still there? And always will be?
If that was the case, I’d want to make as many good moments as possible.
What if you could chose which moment to live in? Which one would you pick?
If time does go at one second after another, how do we slow it down?
A second goes so fast!
Usually I remember a great time after I’ve had it: That was a great weekend!
Maybe I should stop in a middle of a great time, and look around, as if taking a photo.
When things are bad I wish time will go faster. Which just makes it go slower. What if I reversed that?
What if I found good things to think about in bad times?
What if in great times, I looked forward to the future, where things would be even better?
Then now might seem to go longer.
But what if I could bend and nudge it?
If every moment lasted forever I could plan for the sort of good times that last.
Not live in the past.
And stop, far more often, to look around, and be glad!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.890932
Retrieved Text: To see the reflection, one must be looking. When we acknowledge gratitude, we can see through our awareness, what is being reflected back to us.
This past week I visited my old acquaintance 'Ignoring the obvious'. Not much has changed since the last time we saw each other, or so I thought. This time, I pulled a new trick out of my sleeve when I saw it coming. I decided to not do what I have always done (simply wishing I could be there again). And I was rewarded with an entirely different outcome. See what happens when the tools are at hand instead of buried somewhere that is not 'handy' when they are needed the most.
The trick I used to get the treat was a long, hard look at finishing what I started.
It was not a pretty site, and it wasn't horrible. It scared the dickens out of me, but I didn't die from the fright. I published work that I set out to publish. And it turned out better than I could ever imagine. I once again found out that I don't know what I don't know. Obviously? Isn't it always more than that? More than meets the eye? When it was done. it suddenly didn't seem all that frightening. What was I scared of? What was I looking for that was so scary? I can never do exactly that thing again. There is only ever a first time, once.
I looked at my own reflection to see that what I felt was as obvious as

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.876114
Retrieved Text: I had the longest week of my life when I was pregnant with my oldest son. Late December was very cold and snowy that year, he was a 10 pound baby and I was so big that I had few clothes that fit, did not have a coat that would close over my stomach, I could not drive because I couldn't get behind the steering wheel and his due date of December 25 came and went with no 'blessed event'. Every day I got up, wondered if that would be the day he would finally arrive, go through my day and repeat the process the next day. He eventually arrived a week later and now, even 30 years later, I remember how long that week was because my focus was on one thing, when my baby would be born and since I focused so much on time, it was all I was aware of. Other things were happening in the world and in my life but all I can remember is waiting for him to decide to be born.
Time is meaningless, it is just energy without meaning, purpose or power. It is when we attach expectations and events, situations, conditions, outcomes and plan our life around it that time becomes very important, meaningful and powerful. But time is energy without any power of its own, until we give it our power because when we empower time we disempower ourselves and make time the controlling element in our manifestation, instead of our power and energy. What would

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.861171
Retrieved Text: Loving what I do is as important as breathing to me.
A long time ago, I read a book called, Do What You Love and the Money Will Follow by Marcia Sinetar. At the time I wasn't exactly loving what I was doing and I was searching my mind for what I might like better and was looking for things like this book to help me find out. It really didn't help me find out what it was, but it did help me to make a decision that I was going to do what I loved to do no matter what. And I did.
One of the other important things I wanted was as complete a freedom of time as I could find. So, by the law of attraction, I found both of these things. I didn't have a clue until it happened and I could look backward enough to see it, and I think that is often the way things go. It was the decision of what I wanted that set things in motion and the rest came to be without me doing much of anything significant.
Until 1997, I had a work schedule. I had to be there at this time and off at that time with these days off, certain vacation times and so on. I always wanted to work out of my home and never could figure out how that would happen.
Here's a place to remind long-time readers of this that I have a sign still on my wall to remind me the way to

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.857627
Retrieved Text: Hello, yesterday during a flight over a canyon on the way home my MPP stopped and would not continue due to glare from the sun. Additionally, once I recovered the MPP I attempted to duplicate the flight and found that it would stop (due to seeing my shadow) due to obstacle avoidance. Has anyone else experienced these flight conditions, flying into the shaded areas?
In sun, yes that has been reported. Hadn't heard about a shadow causing false OA detection, but that is conceivable.
Temporarily turn off OA or put into sport mode to get past the phantom obstacle.
BDog, everything was calibrated correctly and operating properly. I think the MPP was simply smarter than me!
If the sun was to your back and you were flying it towards you, sounds more like it tracked you or the sun as an obstacle. Shadows can't appear in thin air like a hologram, it has to project onto an object.
Are you sure it wasn't the driveway itself or you as the obstacle? It's pretty smart to know how high an obstacle is. It shouldn't have detected you if you were lying down on your driveway, and that's essentially what your shadow was doing.
I get what you're saying. I flew it up the driveway to see if it would follow the terrain elevation which it did perfectly. Then I stood where my shadow was in it's flight path and as soon as it hit my shadow it stopped showing an obstacle.
HI. Good you got your bird back okay. This has happened to me

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.854386
Retrieved Text: War of the Rebellion: Serial 017 Page 0954 OPERATIONS IN N. VA., W. VA., AND MD. Chapter XXIV.
The court determine that the protest shall be filed as a part of the history of the case, and of its action upon the question raised. While contemporaneous declarations of the intent with which a particular act was done are admissible, the rule is necessarily confined to declarations having reference to the act or acts sought to be explained. Declarations referring to other acts, not the subject of investigation, with a view of showing a general reputation or character for loyalty to duty, are not considered as embraced by the rule of evidence cited by the accused.
Question. Will you state what position, if any, you held in General Porter's army corps whilst under the command of General Pope?
Answer. Assistant adjutant-general and chief of General Porter's staff.
Question. Have you any knowledge of an order having been received by General Porter from General Pope on the 27th of August last? If you have, state at what time it was received.
Answer. An order was brought to march to Greenwich. That order was received some time during the day; I cannot fix the time.
Question. Have you any knowledge of the accused having received another order on the evening of the 27th of August last?
Question. What was that order, and who brought it?
Answer. It was brought by Captain Drake DeKay. The order was to march to Bristoe Station.
Question. Do you remember at what time, according to that order, the march was to commence?
Answer. At

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.8531265
Retrieved Text: Looking back at year 2016 is like reading a book you wrote. The following questions will answer whether your 2016 year is a fruitful one and it will help you set a goal for 2017. I hope that you take your time and answer the questions truthfully.
If you had to describe your 2016 in 3 words, what would they be?
What was the best news you received?
What was your favourite place that you visited in 2016?
Which of your personal qualities turned out to be the most helpful this year?
If someone wrote a book about your life in 2016, what kind of genre would it be? A comedy, love story, drama, film noir or something else?
What was the most important lesson you learnt in 2016?
What 5 people did you most enjoy spending time with?
What was your biggest break-through moment career-wise?
How did your relationship to your family evolve?
What book or movie affected your life in a profound way?
What cool things did you create this year?
Was there anything you did for the very first time in your life this year?
What was your favourite moment spent with your friends?
What major goal did you lay the foundations for?
Which worries turned out to be completely unnecessary?
What was the best gift you received?
What was the biggest problem you solved?
What was the funniest moment of your year, one that still makes it hard not to burst out laughing when you think about it?
What one thing would you do differently and why?
What activities made you lose track of time?
What topics did you most enjoy learning about?
What

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.8435926
Retrieved Text: South : Starts at about the line from Liverpool to Sheffield!
What joke? The first time I saw it I assumed it was relevant to the poll in question, Thw second time I was just puzzled, the third time I posted I reqest asking the relevance and was told it was a joke, but whatever the joke was was not explained.
So. Again. I ask. WHAT IS THE JOKE? Or is it as I am now beginning to suspect, not a joke at all, but a joke at someone else's expense, which basically means that you are simply poking fun at this Dave Holden guy.
The other word for continually poking fun at someone who can't, or won't, answer back, is BULLYING!
You still haven't explained where this so called wit is. Just insulting somebody isn't wit, it's puerile and childish.
What point? What wit? What fabulous commentary? I think you are the one who has a sense of humour failure for not seeing that it isn't funny. Once, maybe twice, after that it just become insulting.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.8394246
Retrieved Text: What is wasting time anyway, and why do I like it so much?
Well, I had a whole bunch of stuff I needed to get done this weekend. The problem was, it was sunny.
And I found myself completely immersed in watching Jazz, my 6 month-old tabby, chasing butterflies and bugs on the patio. “Let’s play!” is Jazz’ perpetual life motto. He’s spring-loaded with kitten energy, gets into everything, is quick as lightning, chases anything that moves, jumps straight up 4 feet off the ground. In short, Jazz is a non-stop source of make-you-laugh-out-loud kitten entertainment. As I write this, he is stalking a bee.
The amount of pleasure you can get watching this little guy is beyond ridiculous. I couldn’t stop. He had me laughing and on the edge of my seat. Watching him was way more enjoyable than anything I had planned. And then I started to feel like I was wasting time. Uh oh. I had it drummed into me from an early age that wasting time was very bad.
So I did what I often do when I want to understand something. I went to the dictionary, specifically Webster’s New World College Dictionary, second edition, my favorite. And I looked up the word “waste “.
This was promising to be a fun afternoon diversion because there were 23 definitions. I really wanted to understand this word, so I read all of them.
It was rather eye-opening. Waste comes from the Latin word vastus meaning “empty”. The main concept of waste is to use up or spend without real

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.790341
Retrieved Text: I like what I like, I don’t like what I don’t like, and I don’t expect people to have those things in common with me. I have my reasons like I’m sure others have theirs, so it doesn’t bother me when we don’t share same interests. However, it DOES bother me when people don’t understand how their definition of an awesome time is not the same as mine.
So, one of my friends sat with me to talk over the live band that was playing…loudly. I have to sadly admit, I couldn’t make out some of what she was saying. She was so animated talking though, that after the 3rd time of my trying to signal her to repeat, I just nodded when she smiled and shook my head when she looked upset. It wasn’t like that the whole time, though. The band took some breaks and we could just chat and joke normally, but…well…it was that one time that I wish I knew what she was saying.
My body finally gave in and I signaled Lips it was time to go home. Reflecting on it today, I can say that it wasn’t nice. It was cool. Time that you can spend with your friends just shooting the breeze, without any drama, and without having to think about what you need to do at work or at home, or some personal issues that you may be dealing with…that’s ALWAYS cool. But, it doesn’t always happen that way. There are times that you want to rant, but there ARE

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.788169
Retrieved Text: Describe it as if you were explaining it to someone who can’t see it. Think about: shape, color, texture, size, weight, age, condition, movable parts, or anything written on it.
Answer as best you can.
Who used it? List reasons you think so.
What was it used for? List reasons you think so.
What does this tell you about the people who made and used it?
What does it tell you about technology at the time it was made?
What is a similar item from today?
What did you find out from this artifact that you might not learn anywhere else?
event or time in which this artifact was used?

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.7804494
Retrieved Text: If you want change, your action will assist it to come forth. If you don’t want change and it’s coming for you, or you’re in the midst of it, then your actions are still somehow turning the cogs.
Because change is inevitable. We’ve made such a big deal about it to the point where we usually think about it in the negative context. But what if we thought of it as a ‘just is’?
I’ve heard people lie about their love for change because most of the time their changes keeps them in their drama. I’ve also heard the dread that people express about change despite them handling it beautifully, step by step, evolution in song.
to things that we should simply let pass us by.
We’ve got out grip on bad love, a job that’s run its course or our ageing bodies. Lessen that grip. Go with it.
This is not to say all we should let go of is the negative. No, indeed, letting go of the positive also serves to build on it further. If we can accept that our journey is really there to support us, we can begin to understand that it’s not a case of good and bad, rather it is just the flow of life.
The concept of letting go was something I struggled with for many years. My very frustrated naturopath at the time used to tell me, “Just let go of it all” and I responded by saying, as my usually practical self, “Show me how to do that.” He never did but

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.7744627
Retrieved Text: I’ve been thinking a bit about memory. I recently had a conversation where I’d roughly described what I’d been doing for the last 10 years. And the next day I thought, well, that’s sort of how that decade went but it also didn’t go like that.
I could have retold the story of those years – entirely truthfully – but painted a totally different picture by what I’d left in and kept out.
I write things down here and I also keep a diary, but I’m conscious of how the act of writing about an event can shape that telling of a story as being the “official” version.
And what I write here is influenced by how I’m feeling at the time and who I have in mind when I’m writing it. So, what if I don’t write something down and eventually forget about it as it’s not in my official history?
There’s a day I sometimes think back on as being a good day – Thursday, 14 April 2005. I was on holiday in Australia, and that day I drove from Kiama (on the New South Wales coast) up to Wollongong, then on to Sydney.
I remember it as being a brilliant day, I visited the art gallery in Wollongong, and cruised down the coastal highway, listening to The Fall in my rented Toyota.
When I read back what I’d written online at the time (part one and part two), that more or less matches what I like to remember of the day, give or take a few minor details.
But what

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.7700825
Retrieved Text: I was experiencing the first leg of being a father of two. My youngest Mason had no understanding of adult sleep patterns. He slept whenever he felt like it and I had no choice but to abandon hope of sleep for that season and rock with him. On the other hand, I had a two year old with another issue. Christian was learning proper sleep patterns; sleeping through the night and waking in the morning.
His issue instead was comprehending what really constituted morning? He’d wake at 3amand was ready! Finally, I was able to train him that morning was based upon the presence of natural light, hence, we slept until old man sun paid the blinds a visit. But just now, I’ve realized what a HUGE mistake I’ve made.
The time was 4am. I was engaged in study when the issue returned…where am I? According to my standard it was four in the morning, yet based upon what I’d taught my son, it was four at night? Logically, I reasoned that four in the morning was suitable despite the absence of light…though not yet present, my faith patiently awaits his arrival.
What does this mean for you? It means you must speak your change before you see it. You must expect it before you embrace it. But still you’re troubled with the fact that your present circumstance does not appear to lend itself to such hope? Well, 4am certainly did not appear to be worthy of the hope of morning’s glory, but despite that which I saw, I

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.767534
Retrieved Text: Thanks for taking the time to get in touch with your comments. If you could give us some brief details on the form below, we can then make sure your comments are directed to the right people!
All comments submitted are dealt with according to our customer care standards.
Who or what does your comment relate to?
If you know the department or station that visited you, what was it?
What is the address where the incident was?
If you know who the crew or station that attended, who was it?
Please give us your comments here, with as much detail as you can?
If it relates to a date, what was it?
If it relates to a time, what was the time?
Can we contact you to get more details if we need to?
If you are having any difficulties with our comment form, or if you’d prefer to speak to us in person, please call our general contact number on 0845 5000 900 during business hours.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.765231
Retrieved Text: Funny how time goes by, isn’t it?
During the time I originally laid the tracks for this song, my (ex)wife had returned home and we were working at our marriage again. But, the song was written, and I intended to finish it.
“Funny how the time goes, funny though she don’t say why she disappears, now she’s not here,” was a pretty direct statement of what had occurred.
“Funny how the feelings go, funny thing is you don’t know, one day they’re gone, they’re moving on,” then, “ooo, ain’t it funny,” was an overtly honest statement that I never thought would make it past my (ex)wife. But, sometimes, you HAVE to write the truth, no matter what.
Curious thing, after I had finished recording and mixing this song, it was her favorite, she thought it was THAT good. She actually told me that she thought it was the best song I had written to date. I still am not sure she understood that it was all about her, and me, and what had occurred between us.
I gotta be real honest here. This is my favorite/least favorite song for all of what it says.
I know that a lot of people think it’s great and want me to keep it in my set list, but one day it may be time to put it away, and really move on from the past.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.761824
Retrieved Text: Time management is everything. Time is the only resource that everyone in the word has, unless you are 100 years old guy with cancer or something. If you are not that person then you probably have few years on the schedule. The question is not how long you live, it is what will you do with in these times.
Last year was probably one of the hardest time of my whole life. It was a time I was taking few risks and breaking the rules, knowingly and unknowingly. I was a bit carried away with the process. The result was tough. One of these days, in the midst of my suffering as the results of my actions, I was deeply troubled to the point of regret. By the time I had almost forgotten all of my purpose, my dreams and my happiness. Without knowing I was crawling holding my perfectly working feet. Sitting in my office, my life flashed before my eyes. I was surprised.
How did I get here? What went wrong. When was I supposed to stop? My egoistic mind started questioning. I put my life in the narrowest point of the room immersed in deep anxiety. For the first time in my life I thought I had no point of return. It was as if I was dying without solution. I pictured my previous life as perfect. I said, what is wrong with having family? What is wrong with my Job? And what is wrong with current myself. I said, if I could go out

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.7578845
Retrieved Text: Did You Ever Consider Learning Speed Reading?
I took speed reading lessons about 15 years ago. At first, I was skeptical, but after the course was over, I was able to read about 3 times faster and able to double my understanding and retention rate. It really works !
One thing with speed reading, at least in my case, is that is it useful when you’re reading your regular publications and when you are familiar with the topic. If your reading something completely unsual, you’ll probably have to take you time.
Every field has its own vocabulary and technical words that have a unique meaning to its environment.
Prisoner Of The Past Or A Pioneer Of The Future ?
Do you really care about your personal history?
Would you like to create a new YOU?
Are We Really Managing Time?
There is no such thing as time-management!
Because time cannot be managed! Time goes on, whatever we do, we cannot change anything about it. If you even take a deeper look at it, you recognize that in reality time even doesn’t really exist: it is merely a concept we use as humans. And we pretend to measure it by using things like clocks: a mechanical or electronical devise that changes form and so displays a different condition when we look at it. What there is, is always the change in the present moment and our decision what to focus on in that moment, so we can shape the change the way we want to.
So what do we manage then?
What time-management really is, is self-management.
What do

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.7577844
Retrieved Text: Bauen: Marking This Post. "It was."
“Revenge, for Nietzsche, is the will’s revulsion against time. This now means: revenge is the will’s revulsion against the passing away and what has passed away, against time and its ‘It was.’ The revulsion of revenge is not against the mere passing of time, but against the time that makes the passing pass away in the past, against the ‘It was.’” - Heidegger's "What is Called Thinking?"

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.7526693
Retrieved Text: Take a peek into the history of a loved one by asking questions about what life was like for them in their generation. From rumble seats to rotary phones, daily life for older adults was different in so many ways compared to life today. This ever changing world will never rewind to yesteryear, what better way to preserve it’s memory than by beginning a meaningful conversation with an elderly person you love. Asking questions, listening to stories and receiving words of wisdom allows your loved one to pass down their unmeasurable legacy for you and generations yet to come.
Below are topics and question ideas to help you learn more about your loved one’s history. Even if you already know the answers to some of the questions, you can take the opportunity to record the information for future reference. Most of all, enjoy the time spent together as your loved one reminisces the past.
What is your full name (and maiden name if female)?
Were you named after another family member?
Do you know why your parents chose your first and middle name?
Did you have a nick-name growing up?
Have you traveled outside of that area?
What was your favorite place to live in or visit?
What was your first telephone like?
Did it have a rotary dial?
What is a party line and did you use it?
What are telephone numbers with exchange?
How often did you find it necessary to use a phone booth?
Did you hand write letters to your friends or family members and send them through mail?
Do you remember rumble seats?
Did people really

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.748819
Retrieved Text: The Authority and the Glory of the World, Who Gave it to Jesus?
We see every day how the religions preach about Jesus, that he was the "son of God". With great effort and money, they have put up one of the most effective propaganda machine in history! How is this possible? They are able to do it because they are empowered by the Devil!
Will you let the world be deceived forever?
How did he do it? This was the time he had worshipped the Devil and received the power that was offered to him and started to deceive the people.
What was his manner of deception?
"What do you think about the Christ? Whose son is he?"
"The son of David," they replied.
All knew that the coming Christ or “Anointed” will come from the house of David and that the descendant was to be called the "son of David."
Jesus made a play on words that the “Pharisees” did not expect.
no one dared to ask him any more questions.
No one answered him, because during his time, it was only Jesus who knew about the prophecy, and the true teachings. He should have explained it to his people, it was his mission. However, he had used it for his own personal advantage, since he didn’t want to be called the "son of David," but wanted to be the "son of God."
No one was able to answer Jesus' question, but Maestro Evangelista says, that was during his time.
Fortunately for us, Maestro Evangelista is sent to plainly explain the things Jesus had said and

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.747588
Retrieved Text: We have all heard the common phrase “Time” in our daily life, time is really important and no one wants to waste a second for anyone but what do we really know about time? Is time real or just an illusion? We all know that a river flows endlessly in a single direction, always forward and like a river time also flows in a single direction, always towards the future but studies and discoveries over the last century have shown us that it might not be right. Much of what we think that the time is, maybe just an illusion. Time may not flow at all, our past may not be gone and our future may already exist. It turns out that time itself can speed up and slow down. If time isn’t what we think it is, then what is time and how do we unlock a mystery as deep and elusive is time? One way to do it is to measure it using clocks of all different shapes, sizes and kinds. We have been measuring time with accuracy for thousands of years. But no matter how accurate clocks had become time remains a mystery for us. Clocks can tell us what time it is but they haven’t been able to tell us what time itself is.
Most people view time in a simple straightforward way, time ticks the same for everyone everywhere and it cannot be changed. This concept was established by the father of modern science, Issac Newton. He thought that time was an

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.7442646
Retrieved Text: How to be a full time spoken word artist… a panel!
I got to host a panel tonight featuring the likes of Lishai Peel, Ian Keteku and Dwayne Morgan.
As you can imagine it’s a constant hustle to be an artist. How could it be done full time? We explored this reality based on the lived experiences of new and long-time full-time artists, Lishai, Ian and Dwayne.
Who are you? How would you sum up what you do?
What was the poem that helped kick-start your career?
What piece reflects the cutting edge of your work?
What was the landscape of shows, venues, communities and key people that helped you get started?
What have been the challenges, the worst case scenarios you’ve faced?
When was the first moment you glimpsed the possibility of being a full-time artist? How did you decide to go for it?
How much do you make – or if you’d rather – what is the extent and impact of your work?
The rich responses from Lishai, Ian and Dwayne informed, challenged and inspired many of us in the room.
It was an honour and a pleasure. Thanks Toronto Poetry Project (torontopoetryslam.com) for organizing this informative gathering!
This entry was posted in Toronto Poetry Project news and tagged being a poet, panel, spoken word. Bookmark the permalink.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.741399
Retrieved Text: When i was a few years younger i used to be part of an MLM network company called Omegatrend. During that time i got to spend a lot of time with many people that earned huge monthly incomes like 40,000 to 100,000 dollars per month plus. I got to rub shoulders with High Income Earners as the saying goes.
During this time I learnt a lot of valuable tricks on investing time and how these people earn these amazing incomes. Not only was it due to the network Omegatrend it was also about what they did with there money after they earned it. Most of the techniques were focusing around investing what they earned in profit into shares and from that spending the profit from that.
There whole concept of money was so different compared to the idea of spending what we earned that week and then spending what we earned the following week. The amount of freedom these people had was the main focus that interested me. For all the money that they earned they did not seem to put much effort in.
I worked it all out, as time went on that there income was not only due to the network of Omegatrend but was also about compounding there income they received. All there income went through layers of earning.
What is interesting is that Internet Income is not much different, it is more like an investment and in time the investment pays off. The investment pays off when your website is receiving a lot of unique traffic

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.7335706
Retrieved Text: My Personal Review For "Wrinkle In Time" The Movie ⋆ What defines me?
This morning I woke up early and didn’t really feel like getting up and moving. So I called for Hailey. Hailey is my eldest daughter and a miniature version of her mother. Hailey came in and I asked what time she had to be in class. She is taking virtual high school from home. We love it! Anyway she had about three hours before class. It sounded to me like the perfect time to get in a mother daughter movie! I browsed through the on demand section of my cable. The movie of my choosing was Wrinkle In Time. I really hadn’t known much of what to expect honestly. What I did know was Oprah was in it!!! My uncle was her personal landscaper for quite some time and she was just the sweetest lady. She would let us borrow bikes from her to ride when we went camping. My aunt and uncle were able to be guest on her show too. Honestly this was the selling point of the movie for me. I didn’t even watch the trailer prior to purchase. I was not disappointed at all. It is a Disney movie and just perfect for early morning snuggles with teenage daughters!
The movie was a very fun but touching movie. The relationship between brother and sister was heart warming. I am disappointed that I didn't take the time to read the book first but I have it ordered to read now. I was

================



======= Instance Index 1549 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Did everyone have a good time on your visit to Paris?

W: Yes, but we all missed Bob.

Question: Which one is right? 

- The woman missed the travel.

- The travel was a failure.

- Bob didn't take part in the travel.

Target Text: Bob didn't take part in the travel.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.3307295
Retrieved Text: Consider the following statements. $$(z \vee \neg x \vee \neg y)\land(z \vee \left(x \wedge y\right))\land(\neg y \wedge \left(z \vee \neg x\right))\land(x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(x \vee \left(y \wedge z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(z \wedge \left(x \vee y\right))\land(y \wedge \left(x \vee z\right))\land(z \vee \left(y \wedge \neg x\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(y \wedge \left(z \vee \neg x\right))\land(y \wedge \neg x \wedge \neg z)\land(\neg x \wedge \left(y \vee z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(\left(\neg y \wedge \neg z\right) \vee \neg x)\land(z \wedge \left(\neg x \vee \neg y\right))\land(\neg x \vee \neg y \vee \neg z)\land(\left(x \wedge z\right) \vee \neg y)$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(x \vee \left(\neg y \wedge \neg z\right))\land(x \vee y \vee \neg z)\land(x \wedge \neg y \wedge \neg z)$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?
Consider the following statements. $$(y \vee \neg x \vee \neg z)\land(y \vee z \vee \neg x)\land(\left(x \wedge z\right) \vee \neg y)\land(y \wedge \left(x \vee z\right))$$ For which one of the following truth assignments is the statement above true?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.182467
Retrieved Text: is it right? which one is right?
" which one is right? " What two are you comparing?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.069291
Retrieved Text: Subject: What is meant by the following fatwa?
What is meant by the following fatwa?
What defines a conjugal bed?
Can he/she sleep over at ones house in the same bed?
Salaam Alaikum. Unfortunately, sometimes the fatawa aren't translated or explained appropriately.
This fatwa is referring to a certain right which a permanent wife is entitled to which a temporary wife isn't entitled to. However, it isn't related to the permissibility of sharing a bed. It is most definitely permissible to share one's bed with one's temporary wife.
The right which is discussed in this fatwa is related to the right a wife has over her husband to have to spend a night with her every few nights. Many of the jurists have discussed this right in the context of polygamy. If one who has more than one permanent wife spends a night with one of his wives, the other wife(s) has the right to spend a night with the husband which means he is obligated to spend a night within the next 4 nights with her.
What this ruling says is that if a man with more than one wife has a temporary wife as well, spending a night with one of the permanent wives will not obligate him to spend a night with his temporary wife and so she isn't entitled to demand this based on a right, since she doesn't have this right.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.00805
Retrieved Text: If a business or an individual has no knowledge about website design then finding the right website design illinois can be a daunting and stressful experience. Selecting the right website designing company to work with in formulating and designing your website for personal or business purpose is an important decision to make. Website design companies helps in boosting effectively your online business marketing and increasing your revenue significantly. If this company does not clearly understands your website needs and goals then working with such companies can be difficult thus it is important to look for a website design company that understands well your website needs and goals. Below are important factors to consider when looking for the right website design company in order to get to know more about what they have to offer on this service.
When finding the right website designing company for your business it needs a lot of homework first. Before settling for one specific website design company its important to conduct a good research on all the available website designing companies and compare their performance so as to decide on which company is performing best from the rest like ThirdSide. For one to be able to tell the experience, skills and specialization of a given website designing company then he or she should conduct a research since its through research that one is able to tell.
One step toward finding the right website designing company that one is in need of is by knowing his or her website needs. For one to be

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.9588056
Retrieved Text: One can choose to go with her flexible bonus which can also come with the great features that getting the access to the free car wash as well. This can be really the right opportunity to go well with the additional bonuses which can give one the right access to the gas bästabonuskortet. One can choose to get the 25 öre discount with the first 6 months which can be applied with the fuel as well as can work the best in the manned stations. This can be also righteously followed with the idea to access the 15 öre which can be also applicable for the discount per litre.
One can be also pretty sure to get the associated Travel insurance which can come in a flexible manner with the petrol cards. MasterCard can offer much insurance. This can also come inclusive of the travel insurance, thus helping to get the travel protection which can also work with the home insurance. There is also an option to get the insurance which cannot be always available with the bank card. This can be also a deductible one when it is accessed from the authorized company. This does not come with the demand for the payment of the extra fees when one chooses to go with the idea of the car rent abroad.
One can be pretty sure that the bonus is 0.3 per cent of the overall purchases. One can choose to go with the right card which can come with the fee requirement of 3 per cent as

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.931868
Retrieved Text: Follow I-95 South to Exit 7, Atlantic Street. At the end of the ramp continue straight to the second traffic light, make a right onto Atlantic Street. Proceed north for approximately one mile, at which point Atlantic Street becomes Bedford Street (a one-way). At the third traffic light turn left onto North Street. At the first light turn left onto Summer Street (one-way). Take the next left onto Spring Street (one-way). Parking is on the right side of the street, across from the restaurant.
Follow I-95 North to Exit 8, Atlantic Street. At the end of the ramp turn left onto Atlantic Street. Proceed north for approximately one mile, at which point Atlantic Street becomes Bedford Street (a one-way). At the third traffic light turn left onto North Street. At the first light turn left onto Summer Street (one-way). Take the next left onto Spring Street (one-way). Parking is on the right side of the street, across from the restaurant. Parking is on the right side of the street, across from the restaurant.
From the Merritt Parkway to Exit 35, High Ridge Road. Bear right at the end of the ramp onto High Ridge Road. Follow this road for approximately 3 miles, at which point High Ridge Road becomes Summer Street (one-way). Continue on Summer Street to Spring Street on the left (one-way). Take the left onto Spring Street. Parking is on the right side of the street, across from the restaurant.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.925575
Retrieved Text: LakersGround.net :: View topic - Which one of these players would you trade for right now?
Which one of these players would you trade for right now?
Posted: Wed Jul 04, 2018 7:04 pm Post subject: Which one of these players would you trade for right now?
All of these players have been mentioned in rumors linked to the Lakers in the past week. It was reported today that Jimmy Butler is not happy with KAT in Minn.
Is this game like the which of our kids do we want to get rid of game?
This blanket statement isn't helpful at all because it depends on the total package we send out versus what we get back. I'd consider all of them (except for Beal) if the price is right. Wall's max contract kind of scares me though.
Except Beal?? Lawd pass what you are smoking.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.9236407
Retrieved Text: From Canada: At Fort Erie take the Peace Bridge to 190 South. Take 190 South to 90 East (toward Albany). Take 90 East to Exit 52E which is Walden Ave. Go .7 miles to Route 277 which is Union Road. Go right one block to Route 130. Bear right up to traffic signal. Turn right. Rink is .4 miles on right.
From U.S. East or West: Take NYS Thruway 90 West to Exit 52E, which is Walden Ave. Go .7 miles to Route 277, which is Union Road. Turn right and go 1 block to Route 130. Bear right up to traffic signal. Turn right and rink is .4 miles on right.

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.919949
Retrieved Text: Quick Sort in Kotlin is one of the fastest algorithms with average time complexity O(nlogn).
Quick Sort is popular because it is faster and also space efficient. But in worst case it is O(n^2) then also it is better than other sorting algorithms which exhibit O(n^2) time complexity.
Quick Sort works on divide and conquer paradigm. It chooses an element known a pivot and ensures that it gets placed at its right position in the list that is being sorted and then the process is repeated with the sub list on left of the pivot and on right of the pivot, till the list is sorted.
The process of placing the pivot element in its final position is called as the partitioning. You can choose any element as the pivot element and partition the array based on it.
Step 1: it will choose an element as pivot element. There are many ways to select the pivot element. We can take first element as pivot element or last element, randomized element, middle element, etc.
Step 2: Quick sort will maintain two indexes, one from left side and one form right side. First it will start search from left side for greater element than pivot then we will stop incrementing left index. Or else we will increment that left index.
Step 3: From right side we will search for lesser element than pivot. If we found lesser element than pivot then we will stop decrementing right index or else we will decrement right index.
Step 4: we should exchange elements so that all elements which

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.9184804
Retrieved Text: Eight persons P, Q, R, S, T, U, V and W are sitting in a square table such that four of them are sitting at the corners and remaining are sitting at the middle of the each side. The persons who are sitting at the corners are facing towards centre of the table and the persons who are sitting at the middle of the sides are facing away from the centre of the table.
R sits third to the left of T, who does not sit at one of the middle side of the table. Only one person sits between R and P (Either from right or left).Q sits second to the left of U and not an immediate neighbour of R. W sits opposite to S, who is not an immediate neighbour of P. More than one persons sit between W and R (Either from left or right).
Who among the following persons sits third to the right of the one who sits to the immediate left of Q?
R sits third to the left of T, who does not sit at one of the middle of the sides. Only one person sits between R and P (Either from right or left).
Q sits second to the left of U and not an immediate neighbour of R.
W sits opposite to S, who is not an immediate neighbour of P.
More than one persons sit between W and R (Either from left or right).
So, Case-1(b), Case-2(a) and Case-2(b) will be dropped.
How many persons are sitting between P and T, when counted

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.9122944
Retrieved Text: What is most unique about the possibility of finding the right entity is that through the complete notion of flexible options, one can define what is necessary in the longer run through which things will gather momentum. It is really required that one has to have a right kind of attitude towards finding the important things that will matter better in dealing with situations. This could be due to the fact that one has to have a really important role to play besides doing what is duly required. This calls for effective and strategic measures that are out there in the open making it really important for anyone to have sole criteria in building the best of resources. One can always conclude that there is nothing much spectacular about the possibilities of finding the right scientific and technological breakthrough when it comes to defining true quality prints. Today with 3d printers one can seriously take the ride that is outstandingly unique and is in parallel to future, which simply means that one can always think parallel to the futuristic technologies without compromising on what is totally required and understood out of anyone for that matter. This could be dealt with seriously by having the right amount of convincing skills and attitude that will define the matter very well. One can simply ignore these facts and go ahead with the right framework but it is today important that one finds the right key, in dealing with situations that matter a lot in perspective.
What could be really unique

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.9007316
Retrieved Text: Seven persons P, Q, R, S, T, U and V are sitting in a straight row and all of them are facing south. They all are like different currencies viz., Franc, Yen, Euro, Dollar, Rupee, Yuan and Dinar but not necessary in the same order.
Only two persons are sitting between the one who likes Dinar and R. R sits third from the either ends of the row. The one who likes Dollar sits second to the right of T. T is not an immediate neighbour of R. As many persons sitting to the right of T is same as the persons sitting to the left of the one who likes Yen. The one who likes Yuan sits immediate left of V. Three persons are sitting between V and Q. V does not like Dinar. Only one person sits between the one who likes Yen and the one who likes Euro. As many persons sitting between Q and the one who likes Rupee is same as between S and the one who likes Yen. S does not like Dollar. Neither P nor U is an immediate neighbour of the one who likes Dollar. U does not like Rupee. .
1. V likes which of the following currencies?
Only two persons are sitting between the one who likes Dinar and R. R sits third from the either ends of the row.
The one who likes Dollar sits second to the right of T. T is not an immediate neighbour of R. As many persons sitting to the right of T is

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.8994594
Retrieved Text: Left and Right is a concept that everyone needs to grasp, but it’s a hard one for little kids. (It may take more than one grade level of practice.) This section provides some great resources that are sure to help reinforce which is which. One handy tip – if you hold your left hand with the four fingers pointing up and the thumb pointing straight out, it makes an “L”! That’s the left hand. The other hand is the right hand. Answer sheets or directions included.
Go to this page to see more positional words worksheets.
In this book of left and right kids show which hand they write with, put shoes on the correct feet, make hand prints, and more! Instructions at the end.
Kids might need some help with step by step directions for this left and right worksheet. They determine which ball is left or right then color it a certain color.
This fruit filled left and right worksheet takes two steps for each set. Circle the fruit that is left or right, then color it the color that fruit is (yellow for a banana, etc.).
This page gives kids the opportunity to see left and right in terms of their hands and feet. Kids write the words left and right on the lines. Color.
A cut and glue left and right worksheet! Cut out the words and glue them on the lines next to each object to tell if it is left or right.
A school of fish are swimming to the right together. The fish swimming to the

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.893624
Retrieved Text: Either your trip may be a personal or a professional one, if you need to make the event more meaningful and enjoyable, then our fabulous limo services would be the right choice. Of course, with more effective features, here is the best type of the innovative services, which makes you to avail the right features in an innovative manner. This will makes you to get an enduring experience which you cannot avail them with the others.
SO – WHY CHOOSE US?!
Vancouver limo from this fabulous service makes you to enjoy your rides in a great manner, in which one can attain a perfect choice of innovation and excellence in an ease manner. You couldn’t believe here is the reason to avail the above features. Here are the best types of the limousine, which can make you to hire it for both the professional events and also for the personal events and celebrations. This is highly reasonable with its eminent offers, which they give to their customers.
With highly unique features, one could get the right attractive features and facilities from here. It is only here, where you can get the limo service to any different destinations and even it is possible to get boarding services from anywhere. So, it is possible to get a fascinating feature which makes one to get a right limo services in an easy way. There are a large number of people who were benefited because of this and even they are top rating this in a tremendous manner.
Not only the regular limos, but

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.888499
Retrieved Text: Nostalrius Begins - Quality wow vanilla realm (1.12) • View topic - [Addon] Gatherer - which version is right/the most updated?
[Addon] Gatherer - which version is right/the most updated?
I've already found plenty of vanilla Gatherer versions. 2.2.2.2 , 2.9.9.1, 3.2.3,... maybe even 7.0.3 (the very new one for WoD) ?? With each I got some problems so my questions is - which one of them is the "RIGHT ONE" ?
I am using this version.
Quick question: Is this version collecting data from guild mates?
Since I joined a guild, I got a lot of minerals and herbs on my map, but they are all wrong.
Is it possible to delete individual nodes and is it possible to disable getting nodes from guild mates?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.8795357
Retrieved Text: Choices Lyrics: If you had a choice of colors / Which one would you choose my brothers / If there was no day or night / Which one you perfer to be right / Another . Choices by Project Pat - discover this song's samples, covers and remixes on WhoSampled. "Choices" by Project Pat sampled The Impressions's "Choice of Colors". Listen to both songs on WhoSampled, the ultimate database of sampled music, cover.
Choices: The Album is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Three 6 Mafia. Released as the "Ridin' On Chrome" (Project Pat), "Talkin'", 0. Project Pat - Choices Lyrics. If you had a choice of colors Which one would you choose, my brothers? If there was no day or night Which one you prefer to be. PROJECT PAT lyrics: "Choices". [Chorus] If you had a choice of colors which one would you choose my brothers. If there was no day or night. Which one you.
Full and accurate LYRICS for "Choices" from "Project Pat": Verse 1, Another day means another way, I can get some pay guys are gray, but the turning blue. Mista Don't Play: Everythangs Workin'. Lyrics Depot is your source of lyrics to Choices by Project Pat. Please check back for more Project Pat lyrics. Project Pat - Pandora. [Chorus]. If you had a choice of colors. which one would you choose my brothers. If there was no day or night. See All Lyrics. Crime Three 6 Mafia: Choices - The Movie Poster. Shot largely in Three 6 Rodney Neil

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.84624
Retrieved Text: Eight persons are sitting in a straight row with equidistance from each other and some of them are facing north while some of them are facing south direction. They are like different fruits namely Apple, Banana, Orange, Kiwi, Mango, Papaya, Grapes and Guava but not necessary in the same order. They are also sitting in the alphabetical order from left to right. Not more than two persons sitting next to each other facing the same direction.
The one who likes Banana sits second to the left of L. Only two persons are sitting between the one who likes Banana and the one who likes Guava. L does not face north direction. The one who likes Papaya sits second to the right of N. The immediate neighbours of the one who likes Banana faces opposite directions (i.e., if one faces north, then another one faces south and vice versa). The one who likes Kiwi sits second to the right of K. K does not face the same direction as N.The one who likes Orange sits fourth to the right of the one who likes Apple. The one who likes Orange is an immediate neighbour of the one who likes Mango and both are facing the same direction. The persons who are sitting at the extreme ends of the row does not face the same direction.
1. Who among the following persons sits exactly between the one who likes Kiwi and Q?
The one who likes Banana sits second to the left of L. Only two persons are sitting between the

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.8399906
Retrieved Text: You are lost big crowded (monster). There are only two human living Jacobe and Recode . Your task is to reach your home, there are two routes and you are confused.
Conditions: Jacobe always tell the truth and Recode always lie. The thing is you don’t know which one of them is Jacobe.
Can you ask one question of this man, which calls yes or no answer and find out which is the right path?
Ask one of them which path the other one would say was the right path. The truth teller knows the other one lies and would tell you the wrong path and so says the wrong path. The liar knows the truth teller will tell the correct path, and so will lie and tell the wrong path. Either way, go down the path not mentioned. To tune this to your question, ask either if the other would say the left path is the right path. They both say 'no' if it is, and 'yes' if it isn't.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.8209186
Retrieved Text: Company? Partnership? Trust? Sole Trader? Which one is for you? If you get it wrong, it can be very painful to make it right further down the track.
Do you know that choosing the right company structure can strengthen your business in the long run?
If you’re not sure which structure is right for you, get in touch with one of Shuriken’s highly experienced team members. We can advise you on choosing the right company structure that has your back covered for years to come.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.8167653
Retrieved Text: Wondering which games will be at the top of PS3 gamers' wish lists for holiday 2011? Our top ten titles include the hottest upcoming games for the Playstation 3 and feature new entries in some of the Playstation's hottest and most popular franchises.
Gamers constantly debate over which video game console is best. In this Xbox 360 vs PS3 review, backwards capability, Blu-ray, game development challenges and the differences in each system’s CPU processor are discussed.
Some of the worst PS3 games can make a player scream, cry or put you to sleep. How can this be avoided? Check out this list of 10 of the most poorly created titles available on the PlayStation 3.
PS3 Online vs Xbox 360 Live: Which One is Right for You?
Both the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 sport superb online services but which of Xbox Live and Playstation Network is the right one for today's gamer? Bright Hub attempts to find out.
The Great Debate: PS3 vs Xbox 360 - Which Should You Choose?
The gaming forums of the internet have been left charred and barren by generations of fanboy console war. But how do you know which console is right for you before you spend your money? Let's compare Xbox 360 vs PS3 and see which one is right for your gamer style.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.810669
Retrieved Text: For Email updates from Strauss Chiropractic Center.
​From Philadelphia heading north on Business Route 1: Turn right onto Route 413 (Veterans’s Highway) just after the I-95 underpass. Travel to 3rd light. Turn left onto Frosty Hollow Road and travel one block. Office on right. From Philadelphia on I-95: Get off at Bristol Exit (413). Turn left at light and go 5 lights to Frosty Hollow Road. Turn right onto Frosty Hollow Road and travel one block. Office on right.
From Penndel: Hulmeville Road (513) north to Route 413 (Veteran’s Highway). Turn right and travel to next light which is Frosty Hollow Road. Turn left onto Frosty Hollow Road and travel one block. Office on right. Trenton Road north to Route 413 (Veteran’s Highway). Turn right and travel to next light which is Frosty Hollow Road. Turn left onto Frosty Hollow Road and travel one block. Office on right.
From Morrisville: Trenton Road south to Route 413 (Veteran’s Highway). Turn left and travel to next light. Turn left on to Frosty Hollow Road and travel one block. Office one block on right. From Bristol: Travel north on Route 13 to Route 413. Turn right and travel to 8th light. Turn right onto Frosty Hollow Road. And travel one block. Office on right.
From Turnpike heading west: Take Exit 29. (Bristol). After toll, exit on to Route 13 South. Turn right on to Route 413. Travel to 8th light and turn right on to Frosty Hollow Road. Travel one block. Office on right.
From Turnpike heading east: Take Exit 28 (Philadelphia). After toll,

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.8000174
Retrieved Text: Discover which traffic sources is working and which traffic aren’t. Like which campaign to scale up and which one should you remove budget from.
Discover how to make sure your getting the right information so you can avoid creating useless reports in your dashboard.
Discover how to send the right message to the right people at the right time by measuring how prospects use your site.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.7945986
Retrieved Text: Hi audience, Many thanks on your work-time to learn a piece of writing in every picture that any of us supply. Whatever you are usually reading nows a photo Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You. By right here you can understand your design connected with just what does one give help make your home and the room special. Right here we all will certainly show another picture merely by clicking on any key Next/Prev IMAGE. Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You The writer stacking these neatly to help you understand the objective from the prior article, so you can build just by investigating this photo Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You. Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You really efficiently from your gallery above, if you want to lead you to perform to create a house or possibly a place far more wonderful. We furthermore present Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You have got went to any people visitors.
You may use Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You, while using proviso of which the employment of the article or picture every post merely on a folks, certainly not regarding industrial uses. Along with the author additionally presents independence to each and every image, presenting ORIGINAL Link this web site. Once we possess spelled out previous to, in the event without notice you might need a picture, youll be able to save the snapshot Which Kitchen Design Layout Is Right For You throughout mobile phone devices, notebook

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.7911496
Retrieved Text: Take Route 280 EAST to the exit for the Garden State Parkway. It is unnumbered, but is two exits past Exit 11; it says "Garden State Parkway" and shows the Parkway logo. At the top of the ramp, take the entrance for Parkway SOUTH. Go two exits to Exit 143. Now follow directions below: FROM THE NORTH.
Take Garden State Parkway to Exit 143. Continue through the first traffic light (Washington Avenue). Proceed to the next traffic light which is Springfield Avenue, near the bus terminal. Make a right on Springfield. Continue on Springfield Avenue to the third traffic light. The Post Office is on your right. At the third light, Civic Square, make a right. Library is on the left at the end of the block, adjacent to Irvington High School.
New Jersey Turnpike to Exit 11. Take Garden State Parkway NORTH to Exit 143. Turn left off Exit 143. Drive one block to LYONS AVENUE. Make a left onto Lyons Avenue. Drive to the fourth traffic light, which is STUYVESANT AVENUE. Make a right onto Stuyvesant Avenue. Pass through one traffic light. Continue to next traffic light which is CLINTON AVENUE. Make a right onto Clinton Avenue. Continue two blocks to the next light, which is CIVIC SQUARE. Turn right. The library is first building on the right.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.77479
Retrieved Text: Model T Ford Forum: Spindle arm.
Model T Ford Forum: Forum 2018: Spindle arm.
I have a few spindle arms free from the spindles.
Now I am wondering which go on the left and which is going on the right spindle.
The numbers on the arms are hard to read.
One is straight, the three others aren't but they are all different.
On two I could read the number.
The straight say T270A one curved one say T270B.
Andre, as far as I know the straight ones can be fitted either side. The bent ones are left and right sided, due to the bends. It is easy to get it right if you remember that the bends are there oi lift the tie rod above the front yoke. That is, the bends go upwards.
270 is a left, 282 is a right. And yes the flat early style will fit right or left.
Flat early spindle arms for the right side usually have a tapered hole bored to accept the speedometer drive gear.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.750866
Retrieved Text: Cialis vs Viagra – Which is Best?
You may have heard of both Cialis and Viagra, but not known which one to try. Or maybe you’re looking to switch from one to the other.
Cialis and Viagra can both work very well, but they have some important differences that might affect which one is the best choice for you.
What are the key differences between Cialis and Viagra?
How easy are they to buy?
What are the similarities between Cialis and Viagra?
Why is Viagra more well-known than Cialis?
Viagra was invented first. Both are popular treatments for erectile dysfunction (ED) but Viagra has been around since 1998. Cialis has been available since 2003 in the UK.
Sildenafil, which is the generic version of Viagra, has also been available longer than either Cialis or tadalafil.
The size of Pfizer as a company also helps to explain why Viagra is so well known. Eli Lilly, the company that makes Cialis, is much smaller.
Yes, but not at the same time. They’re designed to be taken at a maximum of one dosage, once a day.
If you experience any of these side effects, you should get medical attention from your nearest A&E as soon as possible.
Which should I try first?
This will depend on your personal preference, as well as whether you’re suitable for each treatment.
After trying one, you could carry on with the same treatment or switch to another, depending on your personal experience.
It might be worth switching if you find that one’s more effective and causes fewer side effects. Some people find that the first or second dosage

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.747096
Retrieved Text: When setting up the menora, one is faced with several choices: Where, preferably, should the first candle be set up on the first night, the second on the second night, etc., and which candle should be lit first? Even though one fulfills the mitzva according to the custom of mehadrin min ha-mehadrin no matter how he lights, the ideal practice is as follows: On the first night, one sets up the candle on the right side of the menora (from the perspective of the person facing or lighting the menora), because the right side always takes precedence over the left. On the second night, one sets up the new candle to the left of the first one, and after reciting the berakhot, one lights the new candle first, followed by the one to its right. There are two reasons for this. 1) It is preferable to begin with the new candle, which symbolizes the increasing greatness of the miracle. 2) After lighting the leftmost candle, one will have to turn to his right in order to light the next candle, and the Sages teach that when one turns, it is preferable that one turn to the right (Yoma 15b). On each subsequent night, one adds a new candle to the left of the candles he lit on the previous nights and lights the new one first. Then, he turns to the right and lights the rest. When reciting the berakhot, it is proper to stand to the left of the menora so that the closest candle

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.7363076
Retrieved Text: You know you're ready to strike out on your own — you have a strong entrepreneurial spirit and are eager to start planning your next steps.
The decision between a franchise business and an independent business is a complex one, with many different factors. How will you know which one is right for you?
Ready to start comparing franchise and independent businesses for yourself? Our infographic will help you decide which is right for you.
Fill out the form right now to get your infographic.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.7339463
Retrieved Text: The heart consists of four chambers: The right and left Atrium, and the right and left Ventricles.
The Inferior Vena Cava - From the lower part of the body.
The Superior Vena Cava - From the upper part of the body.
The Coronary Sinus - From the heart muscle itself.
*There is also a remnant of a small fetal blood tube connecting between the right and left atrium called the Fossa Ovalis, which closes, by most, at birth.
From the Right Atrium to blood flows to the Right Ventricle through the Tricuspid Valve (named after the three leaves from which the valve is composed of).
The right ventricle constitutes most of the (anterior) front surface of the heart.
Between the right and left ventricles there is a dividing wall named the Interventricular Septum.
The walls of the right ventricle are much thicker than the walls of the Atrium, and it is possible to identify ligaments of muscles commonly called trabeculae carneae. These muscles divide into three specific types, and the most important for us are the Papillary muscles.
There are 3 papillary muscles in the right Ventricle. These muscles are connected on one end to the wall of the heart, and the other end attached to the strings that connect to the Tricuspid Valve.
The ligaments between the valves leaves and the papillary muscles are called chordae tendineae.
From the Right Ventricle, Venous (deoxygenated) blood flows to the pulmonary trunk, which is a large artery that splits into two Pulmonary Arteries, right and left, one for each lung. Blood reaches the lungs through the pulmonary valve, the

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.7251654
Retrieved Text: Discover different tools and techniques for removing body hair at the surface or at the root, and find the best hair removal methods for your specific lifestyle needs.
Electric vs. Manual Razors: Which One is Better for Women?
Learn about the pros and cons of using both manual and electric razors to shave, so you can choose which razor is right for your shaving needs and lifestyle.
What’s the Difference Between Disposable and Reusable Razors for Women?
Learn more about the main differences and uses of disposable razors and reusable razors, so you can determine which one is right for your unique shaving needs.
From IPL treatments to electrolysis, learn more about some of the most popular and effective permanent hair removal methods to find a solution that works for you.
Not sure which razor blade will work best for your shaving needs? Check out this guide on difference types of razors to help you choose the right one for you.

================



======= Instance Index 3328 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Is this made of metal and wood?

W: No. It's made of metal and glass.

Question: What is it made of? 

- It's made of metal and glass.

- It's made of metal and wood.

- It's made of paper, not metal.

Target Text: It's made of metal and glass.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.336538
Retrieved Text: Baamboozle - WHAT IS IT MADE OF?
What are these balls made of?
What is this box made of?
What is this bracelet made of?
What is this jug made of?
What is this candy floss made of?
What is this spoon made of?
What is this bottle made of?
What is this dreamcatcher made of?
What are these animals made of?
What is this coat made of?
What is this jacket made of?
What is this yoga mat made of?
What is this Easter card made of?
What is this castle made of?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.01478
Retrieved Text: Nothing good is made without His Word.
“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. He was in the beginning with God. All things were made through Him, and without Him nothing was made that was made” John 1:1-3, NKJV.
In the beginning, God made nothing apart from His Word. It is how He made everything good that was ever made. We are made in His image and in His likeness, and as a result, nothing good can be made in our lives without His Word either.
This means when it comes to what we are speaking, the Word is what we’re speaking. When it comes to believing, the Word is what we’re believing and agreeing with. When it comes to applying, it is what we’re applying. We use it to make everything good in our lives.
There is power in His Word. It was powerful enough to make everything that was made, it is powerful enough to make a change in you. It will change how you think, strengthen you, teach you how to resolve conflict and problems, cast out your fears, clean your heart, and build your faith. It truly will make you free and produce your victory.
Prayer: Father, thank You for Your mighty Word. Since You used it and made something great, I can too. Help me in any given situation, at any given moment and whatever I face, to immediately believe, speak and apply Your Word. In Jesus’ name, Amen!
Out of the abundance of the heart.
That’s what

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.01301
Retrieved Text: 1 The best solution is what are credit cards made of.
2 How to choose the what are credit cards made of?
The best solution is what are credit cards made of.
Today, it is easier to get a credit card than it was possible to do earlier. For example, there are proposals that do not require confirmation of your income. Or a credit card can be issued through the Internet and soon the courier will bring it to your home. Or the bank itself will make you an offer – look in the mail box and there you will find a credit card. One or more of these options corresponds to the what are credit cards made of.
How to choose the what are credit cards made of?
If you are responsible for choosing a credit card, then you need to pay attention to such options as: interest rate, credit limit, annual service cost, grace period and cache back. what are credit cards made of also have these options.
Examine all options and select what are credit cards made of.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 7.9585056
Retrieved Text: what are wood pellets made from physical properties of pellets made from untreated and torrefied wood chips ghiasi et al what are traeger wood pellets made of.
what are wood pellets made from 3 wood pellets made from sawdust.
what are wood pellets made from wood pellets are a type of wood fuel generally made from compacted sawdust wood pellets made from sawdust.
what are wood pellets made from northeast pellets is a maine based wood pellets manufacturer wholesaler and retailer producing premium wood pellets for home and business from 100 traeger wood pellets hickory red and white oak wood pellets pel large picture of traeger hickory red and white oak wood pellets pel hd.
what are wood pellets made from wood pellets are small pellets that are made of compressed wood this wood by product is pressurized and palletized for sale bull rt wood pellet grill rec tec grills bull rt wood pellet grill.
what are wood pellets made from wood pellets what are wood pellets made from.
what are wood pellets made from new england va md de nj ny solved question pellet stoves use wood pellets made fro question pellet stoves use wood pellets made from industrial lumber waste as fuel a.
what are wood pellets made from free art print of wood pellets wood pellets made from sawdust.
what are wood pellets made from question 9 pellet stoves use wood pellets made from industrial lumber waste as fuel a what are traeger wood pellets made of.
what are wood pellets made from what kinds of wood are pellets made of what

########
Rank: 4
Score: 7.938821
Retrieved Text: noirfrog commented on What Anime made you cry?
juicykaraage_1 commented on What Anime made you cry?
muuflu commented on What Anime made you cry?
TheSailingTeacup commented on What Anime made you cry?
Guilty Crown <3 The songs are just so good that even if you're like what the heck is going on, it doesn't matter!
Clannad... WORST ANIME EVER....so many tears, even though it was obvious what partialy was going to happen.
lady91yagiza commented on What Anime made you cry?
Bedi commented on What Anime made you cry?
Terraformars, tbh. While the rest of the cast wasn't that special, Adolf Reinhardt's death really shocked me. He lived such a terrible life, and met an equally horrible end... with the only comfort being the fact that he at least died with people who genuinely cherished him.
Made In Abyss made me cry and if I think too much about the characters pain, I might just start crying anytime.
... That's it... I'm crying!!!
You see the goo that's coming out of the cartridge thing? It's Prushka. Still alive, in pain and thinking she's going to see the marvels of the world with her father.
Fanimus commented on What Anime made you cry?
Tri Tri <3 commented on What Anime made you cry?
bolli commented on What Anime made you cry?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 7.920093
Retrieved Text: The story begins in 1816 with Eliphalet Remington II, Remington has a history page on their site.
Did Remington sell a 410 that was made by the Eastern Arms Co?
Answer . Doubt it. Eastern Arms was a trade name and not an actual manufacturer. It is possible that some guns marked Eastern Arms Co were manufactured by Remington for Sears Roebuck.
How do you tell when a Remington Model 514 was made?
What is the value of a Remington rifle made in 1867?
What years were the Remington model 31L made?
What is the difference between 1187 Remington and the Baikal auto shotgun made by Remington?
What is the difference between 1187 Remington and the bakail made by Remington shotguns?
When was Remington knives made in solligen Germany?
When was your Remington Model seven made?
When was your Remington feildmaster 700 made?
When was Remington 3200 made with serial no47218?
1932-1944 The Remington model 32 was made between 1932- 1942 approximately 5100 of the guns were made, so the 40,000 serial number doesnt fit. The 3200's were made from 1973-1983 and with your 40,000+ number that would put you somewhere closer to 1978 ish.
What year was your Remington 700 made?
The serial number including the letter,or letters preceding the number must be included in your question to get an answer. Between 1962 and current date.
When was the Remington 270 serial 761085 made?
When was my Remington Browning Patent 249748 made?
When were 20ga side by side remingtons made?
Only the newer side-by-side shotguns were made in 20 gauge so I believe you must be referring to a SPR2NN series. I believe

########
Rank: 6
Score: 7.888781
Retrieved Text: What it made us think of: When we build a safari-themed resort on Venus in 2130, the waitress and nurses will wear these clothes.
What we didn't: Stop the crop tops!
What it made us think of: The tissue paper layer of a lovely gift.
What it made us think of: Sometimes the story is in the accessories, and sometimes the red leather powersuit is just too much to handle.
What we didn't: The clothes.
Love the bold color blocking at Fendi!

########
Rank: 7
Score: 7.8345146
Retrieved Text: Believers Bookshelf - What is the World and What is its End?
And first, What is the world? Men are apt to think that this world is as God made it, and that all things continue as they were at the creation, only that man has made great progress in prosperity and civilisation. Now, in material comforts, none will deny it, though the men of a past age would hardly think our refinements comforts; and, while passions subsist, the difference is not so great as is supposed. Men have telegraphs, railroads, Armstrong guns, and ironclads; but I hardly know in what respect they are happier for it. It is a question if they have not excited the passions more than they have satisfied them. Children are not more obedient, families not more united, servants not more honest and respectful, masters not kinder, wives not more faithful. Morally speaking, I do not see what the world has gained. It thinks better of itself, and vaunts its powers: I do not know that this is any advance. Christianity, as light come into the world, has made a difference. Men do not do in the light what they do in the dark. But if we look beneath the surface, even that is not much. But the world is in no sense as God made it. He overrules all, has patience with it; but He never made it as it is. He made Paradise, and the world has grown up as it is through man's departure from God. It has been

########
Rank: 8
Score: 7.809472
Retrieved Text: Hello, its great having you again. Today we will be looking at what N stands for on our Journey to significance. N stands for NATURE. And we’ll be talking about the nature of significance.
When you hear the word NATURE? What flows through your mind?
I can tell you I am taking you to a house but until I tell you the nature of the house, you will not have a clue of what the house is made of. You might just be thinking it’s a mud house, Glass house or something.
Nature is the basic or inherent features, character, or qualities of something. It is what a thing entails, the reality of a thing. The composition etc.
The nature of significance comes down to you. It is who or what you value yourself to be. And this comes with a lot of responsibility. What you are made up of is what you will be known for. The value you add is what you are made up of.
So what are you made up of?
Some people are made up of ideas still in their minds, some are made up of music still in their soul, some are made up of fashion wears still on their sketch pads, some are made up of inventions still in their archives, some are made up of books still in their thoughts, some are made up of companies still in their ideas.
With the whole lot you have in you, what are you waiting for?
Significance doesn’t come to the one that does nothing with what he has.
A

########
Rank: 9
Score: 7.803238
Retrieved Text: Last month I sat down with a pencil and a notepad and made some lists about the year that had passed. I made a list of things that went well. I made a list of things that didn’t go well. I made a list of things that I thought needed improvement.
And then I thought about what 2011 should be. And I made another list about what I thought I should accomplish in 2011.
It wasn’t that hard to see a pattern developing as I listed my goals for this year… this will clearly be the year of putting it all together. All of the hard work, studying, stockpiling of gear and equipment, all of it is coming together now in a way that is starting to make sense. Momentum is building.
The photo of Frank above is symbolic of where I want to be going this year. Not toward using hecka lotta Photoshop, that’s not what I mean. I mean toward creating images that say more about each person. This image of Frank is a collaboration. We talked about what his likes and dislikes were. He’s a musician, so I listened to his album. It was really good, so I listened to it a lot. And then I made a list of ideas that we should try during his session. When we were done, I had a set of photos that he was afraid might be boring, but I knew they were exactly what I needed. Because it’s 2011 and it’s the year that all the hard work

########
Rank: 10
Score: 7.8027096
Retrieved Text: "Long, long ago, physicists stopped asking the question 'What is matter?' They began that way. They wanted to know, what is the fundamental substance of the world? And the more they asked that question, the more they realized the couldn't answer it, because if you're going to say what matter is, you've got to describe it in terms of behavior, that is to say in terms of form, in terms of pattern. You tell what it does, you describe the smallest shapes of it which you can see. Do you see what happens? You look, say, at a piece of stone, and you want to say, 'Well, what is this piece of stone made of?' You take your microscope and you look at it, and instead of just this block of stuff, you see ever so many tinier shapes. Little crystals. So you say, 'Fine, so far so good. Now what are these crystals made of?' And you take a more powerful instrument, and you find that they're made of molecules, and then you take a still more powerful instrument to find out what the molecules are made of, and you begin to describe atoms, electrons, protons, mesons, all sorts of sub-nuclear particles. But you never, never arrive at the basic stuff. Because there isn't any.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 7.794444
Retrieved Text: What Are the Pros and Cons of Using Leather Luggage?
Bonded leather, which is used to make some leather luggage.
Baggage made from full-grain leather is extremely durable.
Expensive leather luggage may or may not be handled with care.
There are many different uses for leather luggage. Some people choose to carry bags made of leather while traveling to near or far vacation spots, while others use the bags to store business items, such as a laptop, files, and folders. No matter what reason a person has for utilizing leather baggage, there are pros and cons of using it. To better understand the pros and cons, it helps to be aware of the different types of leather luggage, which include full-grain leather, split leather, top grain leather, and Napa leather.
The most noticed and obvious con of using any type of leather luggage is the price. While any type of durable luggage, whether it be leather or not, does come with a hefty price, leather baggage tends to be the most expensive. Luggage made from full-grain leather has the pro of being very durable, but, many times, noticeable marks and imperfections are present. These markings are appreciative to those people who prefer baggage with ‘character,’ as this type of leather does not wear as time goes by. Instead, it develops a ‘characterized’ look.
Baggage made of split leather is not nearly as durable as full-grain leather luggage. Split leather bags also have a higher tendency to scuff, rip, and become aged-looking, and not in a good way like full-grain leather. One of

########
Rank: 12
Score: 7.7837095
Retrieved Text: If Flowers Made Easy was a song…what would it be?
They may seem like strange questions but we would really appreciate it if you could tell us what you think. The first thought that comes into your head is the correct answer.
If Flowers Made Easy was a Musical Genre… what genre would it be?
If Flowers Made Easy was a Artist, Band or Group… what would it be?
If Flowers Made Easy was a Song… what song would it be?
What artist, band or song would you expect others to associate with Flowers Made Easy?
If you have the time to think about it and post a comment here would, we would greatly appreciate it.
Mother’s Day Popular Flowers and Colours.
Flowers Made Easy receive 4 nominations for Irish Internet Awards.
It is good idea music with flower. I think Jass would be good for the flowers.
Looking for a floristry job?

########
Rank: 13
Score: 7.7738423
Retrieved Text: New means: it is so called with reference to the making.
Couch means: there are four (kinds of) couch: a long one, one with slats, one with curved legs, one with removable legs.
Chairmeans: there are four (kinds of) chair: a long one, one with slats, one with curved legs, one with removable legs.
The legs should be made eight finger-breadths (high) according to the accepted finger-breadth, except for the knotched ends below means: setting aside the knotched ends below. If he makes it or causes it to be made exceeding this (measure), in the business there is an offence of wrong-doing; having cut it down on acquisition, an offence of expiation is to be confessed.
If what was incompletely executed by himself he has finished by himself … see Bu-Pc.86.2.1 … If he makes others finish what was incompletely executed by others, there is an offence of expiation. If he makes it or causes it to be made for another, there is an offence of wrong-doing. If, having acquired what was made for another, he makes use of it, there is an offence of wrong-doing.
There is no offence if he makes it to the (proper) measure; if he makes it less than the (proper) measure; if, having acquired what was made for another, (but) exceeding the (proper) measure, having cut it down, he makes use of it; if he is mad, if he is the first wrongdoer.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 7.763156
Retrieved Text: Brussels sprouts are most commonly what color?
Placing a green tomato into a paper bag helps it to do what?
What Italian dessert is made from sweetened ricotta stuffed into crispy pastry tubes?
In Italian cooking, what are salvio, timo, prezzemolo and basilico?
What is Italian Mascarpone cheese made with?
What pizza dough making technique has become a competitive sport?
In Italian cuisine, what sort of sauce is agliata?
What is Shoe Fly Pie made from?
Which part of an abalone is edible?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 7.7603135
Retrieved Text: Download eBook What Are Little Boys Made Of?: Children’s Board Book (Little Bird Greetings) by Minnie Birdsong across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This What Are Little Boys Made Of?: Children’s Board Book (Little Bird Greetings) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of What Are Little Boys Made Of?: Children’s Board Book (Little Bird Greetings) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry What Are Little Boys Made Of?: Children’s Board Book (Little Bird Greetings) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This What Are Little Boys Made Of?: Children’s Board Book (Little Bird Greetings) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 7.7261224
Retrieved Text: So what has this to do with commercial beekeeping in New Zealand?
First off, I'm not saying watch the whole video, just the first minute or two and you will get the idea.
Parmesan cheese is only parmesan cheese if it is made in a certain area, in Italy. Kind of like what we want people to understand about manuka honey. Where it is made gives it authenticity.
Wonderful video. Says it all really.
Parmesan cheese is only parmesan cheese if it is made in a certain area, in Italy.
.......as long as you're in the EU.
So if they had done it, what would producers say when ‘the Maori’s’ claimed a tax for their trademarked name?
I would think that would have been a highly divisive move to have made.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 7.699184
Retrieved Text: …”A work of art from the past made an impression by means of its forms and colours. Its forms and colours made an impression. If we make a diagram of it and the form is like this, this form had an effect on the eye (he did a drawing). What was in space and what the form was filled out with, was what made the impression. And it is the same with the colours. The colours on the walls made the impression.
I said that our building is not intended to be like that; our building is meant to be — and this is the terribly trivial comparison — like a jelly mould that does not exist for its own sake but for the sake of the jelly. Its function is to give a form to what is put into it, and when it is empty you can see what it is for. What it does to the jelly is the important thing. And the important thing with our building is what a person who goes inside it experiences in the innermost depths of his soul, when he feels the contours of the forms. All that the forms do is set the process going that creates the work of art. The work of art is what the soul experiences when it feels the shape of the forms. The work of art is the jelly. What has been built is the jelly mould, and that is why we had to try and proceed on an entirely new principle.
My

########
Rank: 18
Score: 7.680952
Retrieved Text: It is a fairly broad term and in the strictest sense is the English equivalent to what would be called a custom suit in the U.S.A.
Its also a rather trendy word now that tailors in the U.S, Italy and even the U.K like to use more and more. Its a very old English word that I really learned, when I was 19 years of age, back when I started my first day of work at Savile Row tailor, Gieves and Hawkes. It was instilled in me that a Bespoke suit was a purely hand made garment (except for the long seams) with multiple fittings or "tryons" and an individual pattern made and stored for every client (the blueprint of the suit). Perhaps more than all that it was the pinnacle, the very best that the house could make or indeed could be made.
Nowadays, strictly speaking, any kind of "custom" or "made to measure suit", made in a factory from stock patterns with little handwork could be described as a Bespoke suit and it often is.
I feel with the term being so broad that it is really important to find out how the bespoke tailoring house itself defines what a bespoke suit is.
What does it mean to me? Well it isn't about marketing, for me its just a term I have been using all my working life. I still define the term as I did working on Savile Row. I hold myself and my company up to those standards of quality, service and authenticity.
I seek out the

########
Rank: 19
Score: 7.6693597
Retrieved Text: God always separates of the evil those that are merciful stop with Its people. In versicles of 7 the 9 we see that Saul did not make what God had commanded to it: it killed the people of Amaleque, but it pardoned the King of US, Agague. Moreover, it caught sheep and other good things that it had for there and that they were of them, it only destroyed what was vile and worthless and God the Saul had not spoken to nothing of this. Saul violated the law against God (account made things for its and risk), that it had said clearly so that it killed all the amalequitas, destroyed everything absolutely what it of them and that did not pardon them. Saul twisted the words and it did not make what God had spoken to it. We see in versicle 10 that God orders Samuel to reprehend the Saul for having done all different one of what God had asked for to it! God if repented to place Saul as king because it did not follow nothing of what he had been guided to make and did not execute the Word of God. Saul, instead of making what God had said to it, lay, and was giving excuses and, still superficially, it did not recognize that it had made everything it are of what God it commands who made. ' ' here it is that obeying he is better of what sacrificing and taking care of better of what the fat of carneiros' '

########
Rank: 20
Score: 7.6665177
Retrieved Text: Can you answer all these questions about Foods Of The World?
Which of these extremely popular dishes could you find at any Brazilian dinner table?
What iconic Brazilian drink is made from cachaca, lime and sugar?
What is most commonly served alongside meals in Mexico?
One of the Brazil's most popular dishes is Picadinho de Jacare, what is it made of?
If you're hungry in Northern Germany and order "Eintopf", you're getting a bowl of what?
If you order a wine in a French restaurant, how will it probably be served?
If you were hungry for a Wiener Schnitzel, what would you be craving?
What name do the French use for pastry shop?
Which of these is one of Brazil's major food exports?
A popular food in Brazil is "manioc" which is most similar to which foods?
What type of food do most Brazilians refrain from eating during Catholic season of Lent?
Which of the following is the famous "Brazilian barbecue" popular in Rio Grande do Sul?
What is Masa made from?
What bean and pork stew is known as Brazil's national dish?

########
Rank: 21
Score: 7.647898
Retrieved Text: People make a decision when they are confident in the decision. The feeling of confidence is what triggers them to make the decision, to take action by making a decision. Research shows this, and researchers can actually see neurons fire in the brain—or sometimes hear neurons firing in the brain (because neurons make a slight electrical noise when they fire)—but they can see or hear when that happens, and they know it’s related to confidence.
So it’s not like you have this idea of “Oh, if I collect enough information, if I have enough knowledge, then I’m ready to make the decision”. Yes, that’s true, but how much is enough? It has to do with the feeling (and it is a feeling, an emotion, a feeling of confidence) that “I have enough information, of the right information. I’ve talked to the right people and I’m confident of my decision” That's when you make the decision. You might actually be making it without any good information, but if we feel confident about it we can go ahead and make it.
Now you’ve got to remember and understand that most decisions we make, we make unconsciously. We think we’re making the decision consciously, and we can tell you when we made it, and why we made it, and why we decided the way we decided. But in reality, that’s not true. The decision was made unconsciously. It was made before you became aware of it, and the reason you made it might not be at all what you think, or

########
Rank: 22
Score: 7.642993
Retrieved Text: What if I'm allergic to sulfur, sulfa drugs or sulfites and sulfates? Can I take MSM?
Yes, it is completely different from sulfa drugs, sulfites and sulfates.
What is the difference between MSM and sulfur?
MSM is an organic substance that contains bioavailable sulfur. MSM contains about 34 percent elemental sulfur. 1000 mg of MSM contains about 340 milligrams of elemental sulfur.
What is your MSM made of? Is it natural or synthetic?
It is synthetic. OptiMSM is made by converting DMSO (dimethylsufloxide) which is an organosulfur compound (organic compound containing sulfur), to DMSO2. ALL commercially available MSM is manufactured.
Where is the MSM sourced?
Doctor's Best uses OptiMSM, a premium trademarked form of MSM, made in the USA and certified for quality and consistency.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 7.6429906
Retrieved Text: Leonard: What did you think of the sushi?
Mary: It was good. Only thing - would have made it better if it was cooked - and if it was beef!
Leonard: What did you think of the sushi? Mary: It was good. Only thing - would have made it better if it was cooked - and if it was beef!
What is 16 + 10?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 7.6399117
Retrieved Text: Why do you have such trouble with the Word being made flesh? Is not the Word made flesh whenever you move out of ignorance and into knowledge, out of mental and intellectual darkness and into light? Do you really think that the knowledge and truth of things only come into existence with your discovery of their respective truths? If you do, you are irrational. What is there, is waiting for your discovery of it –the Word or Wisdom that enlivens, defines, and moves all things to their appointed ends. What you discover has being and meaning from pure being and meaning in God’s thinking of it, through His Word. So the Word is made flesh whenever you move from faith, opinion, conjecture, or what claims your assent to move into what you do not yet possess. When you possess it, your mind is illuminated and you have come into possession not just of being but of being as meaning or being as known. You have something in faith, opinion, conjecture, or as a rational hunch of what it might or might not be or mean. You are on the way to knowledge. So you have potential knowledge. Next you find yourself in possession of meaning, and the truth is actualized. This is God’s understanding of it through His Logos and Nomos -His Reason and His Law.
But you need a mover to move you from potency into act. You need a cause that will bring your mind from faith into reason. That mover is God. Now, to

########
Rank: 25
Score: 7.6377883
Retrieved Text: Good Night and Good Luck Questions?
1. What is the role of business in influencing the media in this story?
2. Explain why McCarthy and Murrow did what they did in this event.
3. Explain what elements of the Constitution were involved in this event.
5. Summarize some of the most important things to learn as a citizen from this story.
Good night and Good Luck: Movie Question!?
the film itself was made in 2005, and is thus a primary document of this period. What might historians think about the film as a document of the first decade of the 21st century when they look at it 50 or 100 years hence? What does George Clooney’s look at the Murrow and McCarthy story–the journalist and the Senator—suggest to us about our day? Can you think of any reason why Clooney made this film now?
Because so many fine actors, actresses, producers, directors, writers, journalists, you name were blacklisted as Commies even tho all they may have done was attend a meeting to hear what someone else’s ideas sounded like. It is a basic freedom to be in this country where we can be free & for someone like McCarthy to be allowed to run rampant & ruin people’s lives, careers & families had to be pointed out. Clooney made this movie as kind of a dedication to those who were put out in the cold when they simply were people with an open mind & not communistic people. It shows the very sad state of affairs when someone’s freedom of belief is being

########
Rank: 26
Score: 7.6350393
Retrieved Text: Well, let's think about it for a moment. It is true that you probably resemble your parents greatly. I mean, I know that I tremendously look like my father. Therefore, my dad must have passed something to me. The key is figure out what that something is. So you can understand a little better, let's take a look at a simple organism, a plant. So what would you, the reader, do next? You'd probably open up the plant to see what was inside it.
If you do that, you'd notice that the plant has certain stuff inside it. But that wouldn't help. I mean, if you look inside someone's mouth, you'd see teeth, a tongue, tonsils, and you might smell some bad breath as well.
So what would you do next? You'd probably want to open up the plant even further. You'd could open up the stuff inside the plant in order to see what makes it up. That makes sense. Of course, we don't have to stop there. We could go even further. In other words, what is that which is fundamental. Fundamental basically means what is that which something is basically made of such that we could no longer break it down further. You probably heard that everything is composed of atoms. At least that what scientists first thought. It turns out that atoms aren't fundamental. Atoms are made of smaller things. So now the question is this!
Let's find out what is fundamental about a plant. If we look at a plant's leaf up closely, you'd

########
Rank: 27
Score: 7.6280556
Retrieved Text: Asked by DJSRemie&Megan to Hannah on 16 Mar 2017.
This is actually a very tough question. Firstly, when a solar system is made, the planets in the middle are made of rock and the planets on the outside are made of gas. This is because the gases all evaporate on the warm planets and most of the gas gets pushed further out of the solar system. When Jupiter was made, it was at just the right distance where a lot of the gas was which made it become the gas giant that it is today.
How long do you think it will take until somebody can live on a different planet that isn't earth?
How was the red spot on Jupiter formed?
How many planets have we discovered?
How far is it to Jupiter?
How far apart is each planet?
What planet are people wanting to know more about and why?
How do you know what colour a planet is?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 7.6218233
Retrieved Text: Seems like default is taking over!!!
Default air-combo, is made by boreness.
Boreness is made by Paintblade.
Paintblade is made by Karl.
Karl is made by mom.
Kind of choppy and the movements aren't that fluid... keep working on physics.
The fact that the blocks kept appearing and disappearing make it look like he wasn't even flying.
IF you do, it will eat you.
the default is an awsome thing if you animate it correctly, like I think what werez did once.
I have seen it used well in a multitude of animations.
That was alright, I suppose. The stick was a bit stiff, though.
Yes, i know it isn't that good lol.
I think that makes it better..not.
But it looks good even in speed 19!
That was what it was made for.
Trying to look good even if it's high speeded.
You have v4(the new v3) like I do?
This mentor thing just got easier.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 7.619397
Retrieved Text: Happy May everybody! So spring is officially here and with it comes the greatest sewing challenge, Me Made May. Me Made May is a challenge designed to encourage people who sew/ knit/ crochet/ refashion/ upcycle garments for themselves to actually wear and love them. You can read more about it over at 'So, Zo...What do you know' 's blog.
I'll share my outfits on my Instagram and I'll try to make a weekly roundup on the blog like I did in last year's challenge. But for me this year the most important thing is to see what works for my wardrobe and what's not and what percentage of my me made garments are actually worn by me.
So, how about you? Are you taking part in Me-Made-May'15? What is your pledge?

================



======= Instance Index 5920 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Man: Whew! It's pretty cold today.

Woman: Yeah. My fingers are numb.

Man: So, do you often ski here?

Woman: No, this is my first time. Actually, this is my first time skiing ... ever.

Man: So, how do you like it so far?

Woman: The snow is great [ Yeah ...], but it's too crowded. You know, two people crashed into me on my first run, and some stupid skier was going way too fast ... drove me into some trees. [ Wow! ] I crashed and lost one of my gloves. [ Oh, man. ] Fortunately, I had an extra pair with me.

Man: Wow. Well, did the woman stop and apologize?

Woman: No, it was a man. I'm certain of it. He just ... he just laughed at me. Why do you think it was a woman, anyway?

Man: Uh, well, no reason. I mean, well, you know.

Woman: What? You know what?

Man: Uh, uh, nothing.

Woman: Yeah. You just wait until I find that guy.

Man: Uh, well, what are you going to do to him, I mean, if you find him?

Woman: First, I'm going to break his skis. [ Oh, well ... ] And then, I'm going to take his picture and post it on Facebook.

Man: Uh, don't you think that's a little drastic? Perhaps, it was a simple mistake. And how are you going to identify him anyway?

Woman: Oh, that's easy. He was wearing bright red boots and a purple hat ... um, just like yours. Heh, heh, heh ...

Man: Now, now, now. Wait, wait! Yeah. What do you mean? [ Yeah ... ] Wait! Why are you looking at me? You don't think it was me, do you? ... Do you like jazz music?

Question: The woman __________. 

- has gone skiing many times

- doesn't have skiing experience

- skis once to twice a year

Target Text: doesn't have skiing experience

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.566107
Retrieved Text: Read Online and D0wnl0ad PDF Ebook Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point Get Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point PDF file from our online library. Have free times? Read Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point. Required a great electronic book? Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point by Author, the very best one! Wan na get it? Discover this exceptional e-book by below currently. D0wnl0ad and install or check out online is offered. Why we are the very best website for d0wnl0ading this Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point Naturally, you could choose the book in different file kinds as well as media. Seek ppt, txt, pdf, word, rar, zip, and kindle? Why not? Get them here, currently! Please follow instruction step by step until finish to get Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point for free. Have fun d0wnl0ading and reading !!!
Required an excellent e-book? Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point , the most effective one! Wan na get it? Find this excellent e-book by right here now. Download or read online is available. Why we are the most effective site for downloading this [title] Of course, you can choose guide in various data kinds as well as media. Seek ppt, txt, pdf, word, rar, zip, and kindle? Why not? Get them here, now!
Woman to Woman: Straight to the Point is one of the most effective seller publications on the planet? Have you had it? Never? Foolish of you. Now, you can get this impressive book merely here. Locate them

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.515679
Retrieved Text: Couples: Man/Woman / 1. Couples: Man/Woman / 2. Couples: Man/Woman / 3. Couples: Man/Woman / 4. Couples: Man/Woman / 5. Couples: Man/Woman / 6. Couples: Man/Woman / 7. Couples: Man/Woman / 8. Couples: Man/Woman / 9. Couples: Man/Woman / 10. Couples: Man/Woman / 11. Couples: Man/Woman / 12. Couples: Man/Woman / 13. Couples: Man/Woman / 14. Couples: Man/Woman / 15. Couples: Man/Woman / 16. Couples: Man/Woman / 17. Couples: Man/Woman / 18. Couples: Man/Woman / 19. Couples: Man/Woman / 20. Couples: Man/Woman / 21. Couples: 2x Man / 1. Couples: 2x Man / 2. Couples: 2x Man / 3. Couples: 2x Man / 4. Couples: 2x Man / 5. Couples: 2x Man / 6. Couples: 2x Man / 7. Couples: 2x Man / 8. Couples: 2x Man / 9. Couples: 2x Man / 10. Couples: 2x Man / 11. Couples: 2x Man / 12. Couples: 2x Man / 13. Couples: 2x Man / 14. Couples: 2x Man / 15. Couples: 2x Man / 16. Couples: 2x Man / 17. Couples: 2x Man / 18. Couples: 2x Man / 19. Couples: 2x Man / 20. Couples: 2x Man / 21. Couples: 2x Woman / 1. Couples: 2x Woman / 2. Couples: 2x Woman / 3. Couples: 2x Woman / 4. Couples: 2x Woman / 5. Couples: 2x Woman / 6. Couples: 2x Woman / 7. Couples: 2x Woman / 8. Couples: 2x Woman / 9. Couples: 2x Woman / 10. Couples: 2x Woman / 11. Couples: 2x Woman / 12. Couples: 2x Woman / 13. Couples: 2x

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.459906
Retrieved Text: crushed between her powerful thighs. a strong woman crushes a man's neck with his legs. a strong woman crushes a deckard from blade runner getting his neck .
Latia crushes objects with her strong and muscular thighs . wellness health wrestling strong women legs fitness . Woman Kills Man By Squeezing His Testicles .
a strong woman crushes a man's neck with his legs. a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck with his legs. Comments: How should a big strong woman .
a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck with his legs. . Legs Crushing Ribs_Yaelp Search. a strong woman crushes a man's neck with his legs. a strong .
a strong woman crushes a man's neck with his legs. a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck, woman crushes man with legs - SBM mining, .
Woman Crushes Man's Ribs_Yaelp Search Web · a strong woman crushes a mans neck with his legs. a strong woman crushes a man's neck with Video embedded · Woman .
A Strong Woman Crushes A Mans Neck With His Legs. a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck with his legs. Moslem and Islamic Prophecies according to the Qur'an: Religion . Then the trumpet will be .
a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck with his legs . . A Strong Woman Crushes A Mans Neck With His Legs. a strong woman crushes a man's neck with his .
a strong woman crushes a man 39 s neck with his legs, Strong Woman Crushing Little Man strong woman crushing

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.456469
Retrieved Text: Writer : Sebastián Lelio, Gonzalo Maza.
Producer : Pablo Larraín, Juan de Dios Larraín.
Country : Chile, France, Spain, Germany.
Production Company : Komplizen Film, Participant Media, Fabula.
Movie ‚A Fantastic Woman‘ was released in April 6, 2017 in genre Drama. Sebastián Lelio was directed this movie and starring by Daniela Vega. This movie tell story about Marina’s life is thrown into turmoil following the death of her partner. Mourning the loss of the man she loved, she finds herself under intense scrutiny from those with no regard for her privacy.
Do not miss to Watch movie A Fantastic Woman (2017) Online for free with your family. only 2 step you can Watch or download this movie with high quality video. Come and join us! because very much movie can you watch free streaming.
Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online Putlocker, A Fantastic Woman film trailer, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online Free Putlocker, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online 123movies, A Fantastic Woman 2017 Watch Online, film A Fantastic Woman trailer, streaming A Fantastic Woman movie, streaming A Fantastic Woman film, film A Fantastic Woman 2017 online, download A Fantastic Woman movie now, streaming movie A Fantastic Woman, live streaming movie A Fantastic Woman online, A Fantastic Woman 2017 live streaming film, download film A Fantastic Woman, Streaming A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online Free Megashare, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 For Free online, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online Viooz, download film A Fantastic Woman now, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online 123movie, Watch A Fantastic Woman 2017 Online Free Viooz,

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.446913
Retrieved Text: Bonde teen woman. Portrait of a beautiful blonde woman lying on floor. shot with a canon 20d.
Portrait of a beautiful blonde woman lying on floor. Shot with a Canon 20D.
Beautiful young woman with long blonde hair and summer shirt.
Close up of beautiful young woman with long curly blonde hair.
Portrait of a glamorous blonde woman with blue green eyes. Shot with a Canon 20D.
Pretty blonde woman judge in black robe with gavel standing behind stack of 70 year old law books.
Beautiful young woman with long blonde curly hair.
Pretty blonde young woman in long sleeve blue shirt.
Beautiful woman reading book. Shot in studio over white.
Beautiful young woman with long blonde curly hair in sepia.
Beautiful young woman in formal dress standing in grunge doorway.
Beautiful young woman with long curly blonde hair and green eyes.
Young woman laughing and typing on laptop. Shot in studio over white.
Beautiful blonde teen looking through raised hands. Palms out. Shot in studio.
Young woman sitting on stool speaking on house phone. Shot in studio over white.
Beautiful young woman with long curly blonde hair laying on the floor. Casual clothing.
Focus on woman. Young woman pointing.
Young woman stretching outdoors at the track.
Young woman running outdoors at the track.
Beautiful young woman in green summer dress.
Beautiful young woman with laptop and apple.
Beautiful young Hispanic woman close-up. Blue tones.
Beautiful young woman with laptop. Looking over shoulder.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.44391
Retrieved Text: The woman God desired from the beginning is an indispensable woman, an indispensable woman is a spiritual woman, a spiritual woman is a responsible woman, a responsible woman is a woman of purpose, a woman of purpose is a woman of faith, and a woman of faith is a woman of worth.
marginalized! A woman without whom the world is not complete!
faith is a woman of worth.
for a life of change and impact here on earth.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.418165
Retrieved Text: Promo codes and coupon codes for Woman Within was last updated on Apr 20, 2019 . Visit womanwithin.com to find more offers.
Don't miss the shocking Woman Within voucher. The more you buy, the more you save at Woman Within. Shop and save now at Woman Within.
Shop with our amazing Woman Within promo. Test them now at Woman Within! New and awesome items for a limited time.
It is a awesome chance to save money with this coupon code from Woman Within. Best promo code that you can find on OptionScoop.com. Take advantages of the Woman Within online shop!
It is a fantastic chance to save money with this discount code from Woman Within. Do not miss this possibility to get offers at Woman Within. Do not wait for anymore.
Get this best coupon code to save money at Woman Within. Shocking coupon begin and come to save. You can choose a wide range of selected items and receive wonderful discounts.
Use this voucher when checkout and get wonderful savings from Woman Within. It can help you save much money on the special goods. Come and quickly to use them.
Select the shocking items from Woman Within with this shocking promotional code. Do not miss the shocking chance when you shop at Woman Within. Shocking website to save money!
Shop with our shocking Woman Within promo. Special offers cannot wait for you! Order what you want and take advantage by using this discount code!
A amazing coupon from Woman Within which you can't pass it! OptionScoop.com helps you save extra money. Exclusions may apply.
Amazing

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.39898
Retrieved Text: New Wonder Woman and Superman Coloring Pages is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at February 04, 2019 upload by fangjian in Coloring.
Description: New Wonder Woman and Superman Coloring Pages from the above 850x611 resolutions which is part of the Coloring. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Portrait Superman Coloring Pages Kids COLORING selected just for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman, source: pinterest.com.
Snapshot Free printable super hero high coloring page for Wonder Woman More selected just for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , source: pinterest.com.
Illustration Superman swapped with Wonder Woman coloring page by redbankmick on special for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman, source: pinterest.fr.
Illustration Dc Superhero Coloring Pages Best Superman Coloring Pages superior just for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman i believe in love, wonder woman qualities, wonder woman i am the man who can, source: canallaamuerte.com.
Snapshot 173 Best Coloring Pages LineArt DC ics images in 2019 superior for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman, source: pinterest.com.
Photograph 133 Best DC ics Coloring Pages images the best specifically for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman, source: pinterest.com.
Illustration Justice League Coloring Pages Inspirational Justice League Coloring superior specifically for you from wonder woman and superman coloring pages , wonder woman

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.397501
Retrieved Text: Pretty young Caucasian woman lying on bed with head hanging down holding hands over ears.
Eggs, painted faces, abstract depiction of childbearing with chicken eggs. Baby in bed. Conception of artificial Golden wedding shoes on brides feet Bride with a wedding bouquet Young woman with spring flowers A young woman holding the hand of an old woman in a hospital bed, black & white Little newborn baby girl is sleeping nice. Pretty witch is walking beside a wooden plank bed. Morning cup of happiness The woman was resting on the bed in her bedroom in the morning.
Woman holding telephone Woman stuffing bra. Woman holding telephone. Woman stuffing bra. Woman holding telephone. Woman in shower. Woman in shower. Woman on telephone. Woman at sink.
Woman on bed.Woman on bed.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.396615
Retrieved Text: Macy Derived from medieval male form of Matthew.
Madalena Bitter; Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madalene Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madalynn Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Maddie Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Maddy Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madelena Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madelene Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madelina Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madeline Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine. Madeleine: (English/French) Woman from Magdala.
Madelon Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madelynn Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madena Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madia Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madina Woman from Magdala. Variant of Madeleine.
Madison Surname derived from Matthew (Gift of Jah) or Matilda (Strong Fighter).
Mae May. In Roman mythology Maia: (source of the month May) was goddess of spring growth.
Maelee May. In Roman mythology Maia: (source of the month May) was goddess of spring growth.
Maelynn May. In Roman mythology Maia: (source of the month May) was goddess of spring growth.
Magda Maiden; Abbreviation of Magdalena.Woman from Magdala. Reference to Biblical Mary Magdalene.
Magdalen Woman from Magdala. The biblical Mary Magdalene came from Magdala area near the sea of Galilee.
Magdalena Woman from Magdala. The biblical Mary Magdalene came from Magdala area near the sea of Galilee.
Magdalene Woman from Magdala. The biblical Mary Magdalene came from Magdala area near the sea of Galilee.
Maggi Abbreviation of Margaret. A pearl.
Maggy Abbreviation of Margaret. A pearl.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.390662
Retrieved Text: India. Founder of the Sikh religion.
"From woman, man is born; within woman, man is conceived; to woman he is engaged and married. Woman becomes his friend; through woman, the future generations come. When his woman dies, he seeks another woman; to woman he is bound. So why call her bad? From her, kings are born. From woman, woman is born; without woman, there would be no one at all. O Nanak, only the True Lord is without a woman."

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.376076
Retrieved Text: #70401218 - Beautiful blonde woman with flower wreath on her head. Beauty..
#69543017 - Beautiful girl with long wavy and shiny hair . Blonde woman with..
#65966314 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry and elegant..
#65627573 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry and elegant..
#65160059 - Fashion portrait of beautiful young woman with red hair. Girl..
#63881600 - Fashion portrait of beautiful woman in elegant dress. Girl with..
#61395427 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#61395253 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#58519898 - Fashion portrait of beautiful young woman with red hair. Girl..
#57920089 - Fashion portrait of beautiful young woman with red hair. Girl..
#56975039 - Portrait of beautiful young woman with flowers. Brunette woman..
#56685944 - Portrait of beautiful young woman with flowers. Brunette woman..
#56604147 - Portrait of beautiful young woman with flowers. Brunette woman..
#56604146 - Portrait of beautiful young woman with flowers. Brunette woman..
#55116775 - Beautiful blonde woman with flower wreath on her head. Beauty..
#55116761 - Fashion portrain of young beautiful woman in gold dress. Brunette..
#54978341 - Beautiful blonde woman with flower wreath on her head. Beauty..
#54978339 - Beautiful blonde woman with flower wreath on her head. Beauty..
#53559646 - Beauty collage. Faces of women. Fashion photo. Makeup artist..
#52620918 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#52548989 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#52300979 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#52216316 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#52215903 - Fashion portrait of young beautiful woman with jewelry. Brunette..
#52215845 -

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.373291
Retrieved Text: #35228587 - Close-up on the floor of the syringe with the drug. In the background,..
#11860374 - Beautiful woman after bath looking on her clean armpit, isolated..
#11766975 - Beautiful woman with air balloon like heart, isolated on white..
#11260551 - Business woman with telephone wire strangling another woman,..
#11052656 - One woman said softly in his ear the other, isolated on white..
#10907957 - Smiling woman in front of a microphone headset, isolated on white..
#65476349 - Beautiful young woman with fashion makeup and jewelry on a pink..
#62905308 - Close-up portrait of a pair of angry shouting against each other..
#51572501 - Portrait of a beautiful young woman with a white mask on his..
#41194539 - Woman victim of domestic violence and abuse. Tears of a young..
#36730811 - Attractive young woman applying lip balm isolated on a white..
#36193534 - Close-up portrait of a young couple that fights on his hands..
#35443085 - Pills lying on the table before suffering from the pain the young..
#35442424 - Domestic violence woman being abused and strangled by strong..
#35442245 - Close-up on the floor of the syringe with the drug. In the background,..
#35442160 - Woman victim of domestic violence and abuse. Woman scared of..
#35229381 - Young beautiful woman in depression, drinking alcohol on dark..
#10962889 - A beautiful woman dressed in a Christmas holding a glass of champagne,..
#10907938 - A small child in a red dress shows tongue, isolated on white..
#84810660 - Fashion woman with colorful make-up and body art on a black background..
#65895644 - Close-up of a beautiful black woman with fashion make-up, red..
#59667872 - Close-up portrait of two

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.371371
Retrieved Text: old woman in the shoe womens shoes on sale online.
old woman in the shoe cookie jar vintage women shoes size chart.
old woman in the shoe jello nursery rhyme ad who lived women brands.
old woman in the shoe now womens stores portland oregon.
old woman in the shoe pewter a wooden boxed women size guide.
old woman in the shoe womens size 6 conversion to mens chart.
old woman in the shoe there was an who lived a womens shoes on sale at dorothy perkins.
old woman in the shoe who lived a story book forest at womens size 6 conversion to mens chart.
old woman in the shoe who lived a women shoes chart.
old woman in the shoe womens stores memphis tn.
old woman in the shoe little who lived a coloring page womens stores online.
old woman in the shoe first door of mesh upper for autumn and winter mother warm women size chart.
old woman in the shoe illustration for there was an who lived a nursery rhyme womens brands australia.
old woman in the shoe women shoes single mesh upper with slope ecco womens on sale.
old woman in the shoe who lived a womens brands uk.
old woman in the shoe story land who lived a womens brands with wide toe box.
old woman in the shoe step leather shoes female single hand mother temperament women size conversion chart.
old woman in the shoe 0 womens brands for wide feet.
old woman in the shoe that lived a by womens stores new york city.
old woman in the shoe storybook land a house womens stores memphis tn.
old

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.370904
Retrieved Text: Young woman with long hair.
Portrait of pretty young woman flinging long black hair into air.
Portrait of a pretty dreamy young woman Silhouette of young woman on beach. young woman sitting in front of the seaside. Girl in bikini relaxing on the beach. Woman Mermaid tail glitter resin Screaming furious aggressive brunette woman with flying long hairs, flash studio portrait on modern wall Young slender woman rests on a tree trunk, on her face is a dreamy expression Belly dancer in red costume Funny little girl exclaims with joy. Solved the problem. Search for ideas. Insight Profile of a beautiful young woman, long hair, standing in the red poppy flower field, beautiful landscape background Young woman with crossed arms, heads with ! and ? marks and light bulb idea on a blackboard background.
Pretty woman with long hair Pretty young woman portrait. Pretty young woman portrait. Pretty young woman portrait. Young woman with long hair. Pretty young women Pretty young women Portrait of young woman. Portrait of young woman.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.366461
Retrieved Text: Buy a Beautiful Woman calligraphy wall scroll here!
美 is often used to describe the beauty of a woman. However, when applied to a man, it can mean handsome. It's also the first character in the word for "beauty salon" which you will see all over China and Japan.
This can be used as the given name for a girl (spell it or say it as "Mei" or "May").
美 is also how "Beautiful" is written in Japanese Kanji and Korean Hanja. 美 can also mean: very satisfactory; good; to be pleased with oneself; abbreviation for the USA; fine; handsome; admirable; madhura; sweet; pleasant.
Not the results for beautiful woman that you were looking for?
A head-dress, coiffure; a chaplet, wreath, etc.; idem 末利.
deva-ṛṣi, or devas and rsis, or immortals. Nāgārjuna gives ten classes of ṛṣis whose lifetime is 100, 000 years, then they are reincarnated. Another category is fivefold: 天仙 deva-ṛṣis in the mountains round Sumeru: 神仙 spirit-ṛṣis who roam the air: 人仙 humans who have attained the powers of immortals; 地仙 earth ṛṣis, subterranean; 鬼仙 pretas, or malevolent ṛṣis.
Some people may refer to this entry as Beautiful Woman Kanji, Beautiful Woman Characters, Beautiful Woman in Mandarin Chinese, Beautiful Woman Characters, Beautiful Woman in Chinese Writing, Beautiful Woman in Japanese Writing, Beautiful Woman in Asian Writing, Beautiful Woman Ideograms, Chinese Beautiful Woman symbols, Beautiful Woman Hieroglyphics, Beautiful Woman Glyphs, Beautiful Woman in Chinese Letters, Beautiful Woman Hanzi, Beautiful Woman in Japanese Kanji, Beautiful Woman Pictograms, Beautiful Woman in the Chinese Written-Language, or Beautiful Woman in the Japanese Written-Language.
92 people have

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.355092
Retrieved Text: Synopsis Of Wonder Woman : An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict.
Register Now to watch Wonder Woman Full Movie.
Subtitle Of Wonder Woman Full Movie : English, Danish, Swedish, French, German, Dutch and Italian.
Search : Subtitle Of Wonder Woman Full Movie, Wonder Woman Streaming Movie, Watch Wonder Woman Streaming Movie, Wonder Woman Full Movie Download, Reviews Wonder Woman Full Movie, Free Download Wonder Woman Full Movie, Wonder Woman Full Movie, Watch Wonder Woman Movie English Subtitles, Wonder Woman Full Movie Streaming Online in HD-1080p and 4K Video Quality.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.34962
Retrieved Text: wonder woman quilt bedrooms to go hospital beds for rent near me.
wonder woman quilt tote bag superhero quilted bedrooms to go columbus.
wonder woman quilt blue fabric to sew bedrooms sets full superhero and panels.
wonder woman quilt power duvet cover set single bedrooms ideas for small space.
wonder woman quilt plain fabric baby birthday party wallpapers handmade craft bedding home bedrooms and more warehouse.
wonder woman quilt bedrooms and more.
wonder woman quilt n bedrooms and more fresno a fantastic connection.
wonder woman quilt new dc girls superheroes single duvet cover set bedrooms ideas for couples.
wonder woman quilt dc comics size l 9 flip flop sandals blue bedrooms ideas for small space.
wonder woman quilt new superhero girls single bed doona cover set pillowcase perfect gift bedrooms and more.
wonder woman quilt girl power fabric dc comics pink 1 2 yard in bedrooms to go orlando.
wonder woman quilt a pattern example for bedrooms sets king.
wonder woman quilt would love to make this some day bedrooms go columbus.
wonder woman quilt wide blue print fabric cotton quilting baby cloth patchwork sewing bedrooms first columbus oh.
wonder woman quilt statement of the artists we sometimes what people think when seeing our quilts so chose a show and tell theme imagined amused bedrooms sets king winning.
wonder woman quilt we are presented on this bedrooms to go austin.
wonder woman quilt bedrooms for rent in brooklyn beautiful and fun.
wonder woman quilt star of pattern by bedrooms to go.
wonder woman quilt eleven bedrooms today in twinsburg ohio.
wonder woman quilt dc comics girls licensed fabric find a bedrooms today twinsburg oh.
wonder woman

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.338918
Retrieved Text: Watch The Predator 2018 Online Viooz, watch The Predator film online now, Streaming The Predator 2018 Online Free Megashare, The Predator live streaming movie, Watch The Predator 2018 Online 123movie, watch full The Predator 2018 movie, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free hulu, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free, Watch The Predator 2018 For Free online, movie The Predator download, Watch The Predator 2018 Online 123movies, watch The Predator movie now, Streaming The Predator 2018 For Free Online, live streaming film The Predator 2018 online, The Predator 2018 film download, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Megashare, download film The Predator 2018 now, streaming The Predator movie, The Predator 2018 Watch Online, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free megashare, watch full film The Predator online, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free Viooz, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free netflix, watch movie The Predator online now, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free Putlocker, movie The Predator 2018 streaming, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Putlocker, movie The Predator 2018, movie The Predator trailer, watch full film The Predator, The Predator movie download, Watch The Predator 2018 Online Free 123movie.
Movie ‘Wonder Woman’ was released in May 30, 2017 in genre Drama. Patty Jenkins was directed this movie and starring by Gal Gadot. This movie tell story about An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict.
Wonder Woman 2017 Watch Online, download full film Wonder Woman, Watch Wonder Woman 2017

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.3359785
Retrieved Text: Sports/Recreation Archives - Page 64 of 69 - Stock Footage, Inc.
Woman encouraging her friend who is doing situps.
Trucking shot from street as woman runs down sidewalk.
Tight shot of a woman using an arm press machine at the gym.
Trucking shot from street as woman jogs down sidewalk.
Tight shot of a woman using an arm press machine.
Short haired woman running down the sidewalk downtown.
Short haired woman jogging down the sidewalk downtown.
Racking focus shot of a woman running up the sidewalk.
Firetruck leaving as woman runs by on sidewalk.
Panning tilting shot of a woman using a stationary bike at the gym.
Woman running down sidewalk toward and past the camera.
Woman using a stationary bike at the gym.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.325469
Retrieved Text: Which starsigns make the best match for Sagittarians?
Below you will find two Sagittarius Compatibility tables, because for some starsigns what makes a good match for the Sagittarian Man, may not be so good for Sagittarian Woman and vice versa.
Sagittarius Man and Leo Woman Brilliant!
Sagittarius Man and Scorpio Woman No!
Sagittarius Man and Capricorn Woman No!
Sagittarius Man and Pisces Woman No!
Sagittarius Woman and Taurus Man No!
Sagittarius Woman and Cancer Man No!
Sagittarius Woman and Virgo Man No!
Sagittarius Woman and Scorpio Man No!
Sagittarius Woman and Capricorn Man No!
Sagittarius Woman and Pisces Man No!

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.322741
Retrieved Text: Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Incredible Askmolly Org Pertaining To 8 | Jyrkifagerstrom.com wonder woman movie coloring pages.
Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Invigorate Page And Itgod Me With O Val Regarding 19. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Incredible Askmolly Org Pertaining To 8. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Lovely At GetColorings Com Free Printable Along With 9. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Aspiration Truth Page Free Printable For 1. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Inviting Best For Kids Pertaining To 13. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Motivate Police To Page Free Printable 3 Regarding 15. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Stylish Portrait Page Free Printable As Well 3. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Aspiration 28 Collection Of Lego High Quality And 11. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Household Day Page By On Aubreyo Win Intended For 10. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages The Most By JamieFayX Draw Pinterest Comic Pertaining To 4. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Elegant 28 Collection Of High Quality Regarding 7. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Really Encourage Day Page By On DeviantArt For 5. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Invigorate Book Download For 2. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Household Superheroes Eco Page With Regard To 16. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Comfy Page Free Printable With Regard To 0. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Stylish The Lego Emmet An Ordinary Person A 18. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Brilliant A Movi Aubreyo Win And 14. Wonder Woman Movie Coloring Pages Comfy Malvorlagen Movies TV Pinterest Pertaining To 6.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.313106
Retrieved Text: Funko Girl Super Heroes Wonder Woman Bat Girl Harley Quinn. Funko Wonder Woman Harley Quinn and Bat Girl Display in Everett Washington Wonder Woman. UNITED STATES - CIRCA 2006: stamp printed by United states, shows Wonder Woman, circa 2006 Wonder Woman. UNITED STATES - CIRCA 2006: stamp printed by United states, shows Wonder Woman, circa 2006 USA Wonder Woman and Supergirl Postage Stamps. United States Postage Stamps showing the Superheroes Wonder Woman and Supergirl, circa 2006 Funko Wonder Woman. Display in Everett Washington Funko Girl Super Heroes Wonder Woman Bat Girl Harley Quinn. Funko Wonder Woman Harley Quinn and Bat Girl Display in Everett Washington Wonder woman. Life size statue of fictional character wonder woman at batman v superman : dawn of justice promotion booth organized by hot toys at festival walk Woman thinking. Woman looking up and smiling with a think bubble - isolated over a white background Young woman with blackboard. Portrait of beautiful surprised young woman with little blackboard on the wonderful yellow studio background Portrait of young woman in comic pop art make-up style. Female. In blue wig on blue background calls by phone Portrait of young woman in comic pop art make-up style. Shoked. Female in blue wig on blue background Portrait of young woman in comic pop art make-up style. Shoked. Female in blue wig on blue background The flash, green lantern and super woman. In front of superman ride in six flags theme park Thinking of the music. Woman with headphones lying on grass with cartoon thought bubble over

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.309182
Retrieved Text: Can Wonder Woman defeat Superman?
Why is Wonder Woman never called Wonder Woman in the film?
Can Wonder Woman defeat Flash?
Can Thanos defeat Wonder Woman?
Can Wonder Woman defeat Spider-Man?
What is the relationship between Wonder Woman and Wonder Girl?
Who's actually stronger, Superman or Wonder Woman?
Who would win in a fight between Wonder Woman and Superman?
Who would win: Zeus or Wonder Woman, Batman and Superman?
Who would win, Aquaman and Wonder Woman vs Superman?
Who would win: Batman, Aquaman, and Wonder Woman vs Superman?
Has Wonder Woman Ever Beat Superman?
American writers often say they find it difficult to write Superman. They say he's too powerful; you can't give him problems. But Superman is a metaphor. For me, Superman has the same problems we do, but on a Paul Bunyan scale. If Superman walks the dog, he walks it around the asteroid belt because it can fly in space. When Superman's relatives visit, they come from the 31st century and bring some hellish monster conqueror from the future. But it's still a story about your relatives visiting.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.29644
Retrieved Text: Concept of social media network with business women talking.
The concept of social network background with people and icons.
Concept of money, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of yes, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of idea, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of BI, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of go, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of 2016, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of plan, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of seo, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of brand, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of 2017, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of best, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of safe, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of rules, business woman holding a 3d text.
Concept of 2015, business woman holding a 3d text.
Business man use a cellphone, concept of connect, social media, message etc.
Smart watch concept of idea lamp.
Man with signs, concept of web, internet, technology.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.293431
Retrieved Text: No. I’d want the whole thing.
Muscle Woman #71 Kashma Maharaj Female bodybuilding! Fitness model! Strong woman! Sport girl! IFBB Bodybuilding! Girls that train in the gym!
Muscle Woman #54 Armwrestling! Strong woman! Female muscle! Bodybuilding! Fitness! Sport girl! Gym!
Muscle Woman #38 Female muscles! Strong woman! Bodybuilding! Fitness! Sport! Woman in the gym!
Muscle Woman #18 Female muscles! Strong woman! Bodybuilding! Fitness! Sport! Woman in the gym!
Muscle Woman #15 Erica Blockman Female muscles !!! Strong woman !!! Fitness !!! Bodybuilding !!!
JNL VIP IS FOR THE WOMAN WHO WANTS IT ALL!
Can a slap to the carotid artery knock you out? Can ladies part via strong objects? Will arts and crafts channels ever cease making dangerous ladies’s self protection movies that includes methods that they’ve clearly by no means examined towards reside people? Discover out in episode 8!
Which tech accessories does every woman need in 2018?
I’m going to Anytime Fitness, which has personal altering rooms. I by no means have to see different bare guys in the locker room. They’ve places in all places, and your membership enables you to go to anybody 24/7.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.2906685
Retrieved Text: Mariane Variant of Mary bitter.
Maricel Variant of Marcella Of Mars. Mars was mythological Roman god of fertility for whom the month March was named; mythologically identified with the Greek war god Ares.
Maricela Variant of Marcella Of Mars. Mars was mythological Roman god of fertility for whom the month March was named; mythologically identified with the Greek war god Ares.
Maricelia Variant of Marcella Of Mars. Mars was mythological Roman god of fertility for whom the month March was named; mythologically identified with the Greek war god Ares.
Maricella Variant of Marcella Of Mars. Mars was mythological Roman god of fertility for whom the month March was named; mythologically identified with the Greek war god Ares.
Marigold Mary's gold - refers to both the flower and the mother of Jesus.
Marilla Shining sea. Variant of Muriel.
Marilyn Blend of Marie or Mary and Lyn.
Marilynn Blend of Marie or Mary and Lyn.
Marisela Variant of Marcella Of Mars. Mars was mythological Roman god of fertility for whom the month March was named; mythologically identified with the Greek war god Ares.
Marji Variant of the French Margerie.
Marjo Variant of the French Margerie.
Marla Variant of Marlene Woman from Magdala.
Marlaina Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marlana Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marlayna Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marlayne Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marleen Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marleena Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marleene Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marleigh Marshy meadow. Also Variant of Marlene Woman from Magdala.
Marleina Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marlena Variant of Madeline Woman from Magdala.
Marlene Variant of Madeline Woman from

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.289503
Retrieved Text: A glass of clean mineral water in woman s hands. Environment protection, healthy drink.
Young woman relaxing looking on lavender field at sunset Beautiful young woman standing in the ocean with hands raised. Maldives Snorkeling in the ocean. Fins on legs in clear water, Maldives. Beautiful young woman standing in the ocean with hands raised. Maldives Woman`s hand softly touching lavender flowers at sunset. Woman snorkeling underwater in Indian Ocean, Maldives Woman snorkeling underwater in Indian Ocean, Maldives Young woman touching her long sombre hair looking at lavender field at sunset Young woman picking lavender flowers at sunset.
A glass of clean mineral water in woman s hands. Environment protection, healthy drink.A glass of clean mineral water in woman s hands. Environment protection, healthy drink.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.287614
Retrieved Text: March is Women’s History Month. In celebration, we look back at the accomplishments of some of the most influential women in American business and history. The theme for the 2012 Women’s History Month is “Women’s Education – Women’s Empowerment,” so it’s appropriate we include some pioneers of women’s college education.
Anne Catherine Hoof Green. In 1767, Green took over her late husband’s printing and newspaper business, becoming the first American woman to run a print shop. The next year, Green became the official printer of Maryland.
Elizabeth Blackwell. In 1849, Elizabeth Blackwell received a medical degree from the Medical Institution of Geneva, N.Y., becoming the first American woman in history to receive a medical degree.
Arabella Mansfield. In 1869 in Iowa, Mansfield became the first woman lawyer.
Ada H. Kepley. In 1870, Kepley was the first woman to graduate from law school at the Union College of Law in Chicago, Illinois.
Sarah E. Goode. in 1885, Goode was the first African-American woman to receive a patent, having invented a bed that folds into a cabinet.
Susanna Medora Salter. In 1887, in the town of Argonia, Kansas, Salter was the first woman to be elected a mayor in the United States.
Alice Guy Blaché. In 1896, Blaché shot “La Fee aux Choux (The Cabbage Fairy),” becoming the first American woman film director.
Mary Davenport-Engberg. In 1914 in Bellingham, Washington, Mary Davenport-Engberg was the first woman to conduct a symphony orchestra.
Jeanette Rankin. In 1916, Rankin was the first woman to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives.
Nellie Tayloe Ross. In 1925 in Wyoming, Ross was

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.28733
Retrieved Text: Hi! My name is Joan. I am single hispanic woman from Canandaigua, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Woman. 28 years old. Zodiac sign: Leo.
Hi! My name is Kerry. I am single christian hispanic woman without kids from Ridgewood, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Marie. I am single hispanic woman from Brooklyn, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Mar. I am single hispanic woman from Manhattan, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Nilya. I am single hispanic woman from New York City, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Kathy. I am single hispanic woman from Inwood, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a woman, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Sofia. I am never married christian hispanic woman without kids from New York City, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new relationships. I want to meet a man, love of my life.
Hi! My name is Lucha. I am single hispanic woman from Queens Village, New York, United States. Now I'm looking for new

================



======= Instance Index 4897 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Come on, John. The play starts at seven thirty.

M: Well, don't worry. We have twenty minutes to get there.

Question: What is the time now? 

- 7:10.

- 7:20.

- 7:30.

Target Text: 7:10.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 8.656114
Retrieved Text: Time in Tonga: What is the current local time now in Tonga?
What is the current local time now in Tonga?
What time zone is Tonga in?
Tonga Standard Time is 13 hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT+13 ).
Does Tonga observe Daylight Saving Time?
What is the international telephone dialling code for Tonga Time?
The International dialling code for Tonga Time is 676.
  Time in Tonga: What is the current local time now in Tonga? weather forecast is being prepared, check back soon.
place Fast Find - start by typing GMT Tools - check and bookmark ⏲ Time converter by place ⓘ What is Greenwich Mean Time?

########
Rank: 1
Score: 8.444092
Retrieved Text: Time in Turkey: What is the current local time now in Turkey?
What is the time now in Turkey?
What time zone is Turkey Time in?
Turkey Time is in the Eastern European Time Zone .
Does Turkey Time observe Daylight Saving / Summer Time?
Turkey no longer observes DST and is 3 hours ahead of Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT+3 ).

########
Rank: 2
Score: 8.392493
Retrieved Text: On Ash Wednesday, the Second Letter to the Corinthians proclaimed: In an acceptable time I heard you, and on the day of salvation I helped you. Behold, now is a very acceptable time; behold, now is the day of salvation.
In today's gospel, we hear Jesus proclaiming: This is the time of fulfillment. The kingdom of God is at hand. Repent, and believe in the gospel.
Last year a friend from downtown died. He had waited to turn 62 so he could draw on his social security and pension. He died before he was 63.
We are all pretty good at putting things off. Seems there is always a better time for more important things. But as we all know, we can't always count on a better time to get something done.
Scripture tells us that now is the time to act. You need to get moving? Now is the time. You need to make some changes? Now is the time. It's what Jesus is telling us. It's what Paul is telling us. It's what life tells us. We don't always get tomorrow. Do you remember "Dum tempus habemus, oporemur bonum."? While you have the time, do something good. Keep in mind that the only time you have is now. Let now be a very acceptable time for whatever you need to take care of.

########
Rank: 3
Score: 8.344781
Retrieved Text: Now you gonna here what I say.
now it's time for me to do things on my own.
But now I know what I should do.
Peace B is my network ID.
Now I know for sure, I can make my choices on my own.
thinking what you see is what I am inside.
Just because you think you know me.
acting like you know me.
That's why weren't ready for me.
You may think I'm young.
And oh you, think you know what better.
You always think you know, time and change day was long ago.
Now it's time for me to do what's best for me.
Log in together as one; Connecting to the neverland.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 8.316232
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.299579
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.289606
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.278564
Retrieved Text: What is the current local time now in Afghanistan?
What's the local time in Afghanistan Time Zone now?
What time zone is Afghanistan in?
Afghanistan Standard Time is 4.5 hours (4 hours 30 minutes) ahead of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT+4.5).
Does Afghanistan observe Daylight Saving Time?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.251643
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.241682
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.217456
Retrieved Text: 4）He/She was watching a football game at 9∶00 o’clock last Sunday morning.
1. What is she doing now? Ss :She is doing some washing. T: How about the other girl? What’s she doing now? Ss: She is doing some cleaning. T: The third one, what’s he doing now? Ss: He is playing the piano. T:… Ss:… T: You are great! Now think it over. What were they doing this time yesterday? （还是出示 1b 的 6 幅图片，启发学生用过去进行时来表达。 ） S1:She was doing some washing. T: OK. Now let’s judge the sentence yes or no. S2:No, we should say she was doing some washing.
肯定句：主语+was/were+doing+其它 否定句：主语+was/were+not+doing+其它 一般疑问句及答语： Was/Were+主语+doing+其它 答语： Yes,I was./No,I wasn't. （特殊疑问句：特殊疑问词+was/were+主语+doing+其它） （再次展示图片，让学生用过去进行时造句子。 ） T: Now answer the question: What was she doing this time yesterday? S3:She was doing some cleaning. T: What were you doing this time yesterday? Ss: We were having a Chinese class. T: Good! Do you know what Jane was doing this time yesterday? （过渡到下一步。 ） （再次展示图片，让学生用过去进行时造句子。 ） T: Now answer the question: What was she doing this time yesterday? S3:She was doing some cleaning. T: What were you doing this time yesterday?
2.（再自读一遍对话，加深理解。 ） T: Now read the dialog by yourselves.
1.（填写调查表。 ） T: Make a survey of your partners. Ask questions about what they were doing last Sunday morning and fill in the chart. Name Sun Li What was he/she doing at nine o’clock last Sunday morning? She was listening to the radio. 否定句 I wasn’t reading. 疑问句 Were you reading? 回答语 Yes, I was. No, I wasn’t.
2. Work in groups. Choose the student who had

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.215534
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.202683
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.162304
Retrieved Text: A Friend of Medjugorje, Frank Williams of Global Silver Investors, and Daniel Vision of the National Inflation Association discuss what people think today, the reality of what is the truth, and what is the greatest opportunity of human history.
Don't delude yourself into thinking that you have plenty time to act. Now is the time to act! Right now!
Transcript for "The Great Illusion, the Great Reality and the Greatest Opportunity of Human History... Now!"

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.150983
Retrieved Text: What’s happening: This is a huge time of change and healing!!! The dynamic energy of love is being poured down from the heavens. Embrace the love and light now! Let go of past hurts. Let go of past grudges. Let go of the fear! Turn your focus to what is possible. It’s right in front of you. It’s right under your nose.
What does that mean? God / SPIRIT / Source is sending you a special gift. . . right now. . . be open. . . be ready to receive.The energy is shifting greatly over these next six days. Now is the time to be truthful with yourself and the timing of what you are allowing to form in your life right now. Are you allowing God’s / SPIRIT’s love in to wash clean all your past hurts? Ecclesiastes 3 reveals to us what energies are being recalabrated in our genetic soul coding.
← Energy Shift Update: August 7- August 13, 2017 It’s Truth and Trust Time!

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.134851
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.132633
Retrieved Text: The big magic in self-discipline is that it gives you the ability to delay gratification. We are pleasure-seeking, pain avoiding creatures, and we are easily distracted by novelties, trivialities, and comfort. But giving in to pleasure now means stealing from your future results. Avoiding what is uncomfortable now guarantees a lot more pain in the future.
Is what you are doing right now helping you to produce the results you need in the future?
Is there something else that you could be—or should be—doing to produce the future results you need?
If what you are doing right now isn’t helping you to deliver the future results you need, then you are stealing from your future.
At some point, your future will arrive and greet you with the pain of having not done what needed to be done earlier. You won’t find the results you wanted in the future because you didn’t pay the price for those results when you should have, when you had the chance.
You pay for your future results with the actions you are taking now. You steal from that future when you don’t.
If you want to make next year’s sales number, you build the pipeline that will produce that number starting in the second half of the current year. If you want next year to be better than this year, you have to pay for that future right now.
If you want to develop your big deal dream clients in the future, you start nurturing those relationships now. To open the relationships you need in the future, you

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.124815
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.099481
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.084554
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.077545
Retrieved Text: These are the trips you should be booking in April if you want to experience nature’s greatest marvels and cultural extravaganzas at their best possible moments.
Don’t have your summer travel plans nailed down yet? Not to worry. These vacation ideas are best if you book them now, in March.
Whether your available travel window is just a few weeks out or you’re planning a year ahead, these are the best trips to book right now, in February.
Now is a great time to start thinking about where to travel for the holidays of 2017. Here are a few ideas for trips that are best booked now, in January.
The November "What to Book Now" list is here. This monthly series is a great way to know which destinations should be booked at what time of year.
Knowing when to book a trip is as important as knowing when to take it. This is your travel planning guide to what to book in October.
In the September installment of our monthly series, we point you to the places you should be booking trips to this month.
August is a great time to start thinking about travel plans for the rest of the year, and into the next one.
June is a great time to settle your summer and winter holiday plans. Book this month for travel values in Disney, Paris, Bhutan, Newfoundland and more.
Don't miss our May installment of what to book now: vacation ideas for upcoming festivals, cruises, and feats of endurance that should be booked right away.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.064772
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.0489435
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.046544
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.044848
Retrieved Text: Now is the right time to obtain your home loan.
- What is my interest rate?
- How much are my payments?
- How much cash will I need?
- What price home will I get?
- How much income is required?
- Any problems with self-employed or commissions?
- Is my credit report accurate?
- Do I have too much debt?
- What about a bankruptcy?
- What about late payments?
- What if I have no credit?
Now is a great time to BUY!!!
Company: Colonial Mortgage & Investment, Inc.

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.042213
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.035522
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.02892
Retrieved Text: Lyrics to 'Ahead Of Your Time' by Claude Kelly. If i could tell the old me what i know now / I'd put my arm around her, sit her right down / And I'd, say that. claude kelly lyrics: "Ahead Of Your Time". If i could tell the old me what i know now i'd put my arm around her, sit her right down and i'd say that it's gonna be. Claude Kelly lyrics:: Song lyrics for Ahead Of Your Time. If i could tell the old me what i know now i'd put my arm around her, sit her right down and i'd say that.
Ahead Of Your Time lyrics from Claude Kelly. if i could tell the old me what i know now i'd put my arm around her, sit her right down and i'd say that it's gonna be. 8 Jul If I Could Tell The Old Me What I Know Now I D Put My Arm Around Her Sit Her Right Down And I D Say That It S Gonna Be Alright I I. Claude Kelly Ahead Of Your Time lyrics & video: if i could tell the old me what i know now i'd put my arm around her, sit her right down and i'd say that it's gonna .
Claude Kelly: Ahead Of Your Time. if i could tell the old me what i know now i'd put my arm around her, sit her right down and i'd say that it's. Even producers, like Kelly, were close to second guessing their contribution

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.021042
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.019002
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

================



======= Instance Index 1823 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: I've never been to West Lake. What about you?

M: I haven't, either.

Question: Who has been there? 

- The woman.

- The man.

- Neither.

Target Text: Neither.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.251855
Retrieved Text: Who says there has been - The bed and breakfast Arrè is in the center of Syracuse just a few steps from the archaeological park in front of the Sanctuary of the Madonna delle Lacrime, 15 minutes from the island of Ortigia. Three rooms furnished with taste, breakfast based on typical products served in warm weather in the terrace overlooking the garden.
Who says there has been - A few steps from Ortigia, a building of the late 1800 entirely restored with care and elegance, both in the exteriors and in the interiors. It is close to the port several rooms offer a beautiful sea view. The rooms are cozy, clean and furnished with fine furniture. Super breakfast with lots of sweets and typical pies. Easy parking. Staff and owners very kind.
Who says there has been - Bed and breakfast very welcoming (even if the outside structure is not brand new), recently renovated, in the center of Syracuse (about 20 minutes from Ortigia), across from the Neapolis Archaeological Park. Spacious rooms, clean and comfortable (air conditioning, LCD TV 19 ", free wifi). The breakfast is varied and of good quality (even with handmade fresh products.) The manager (Alessandro) is very kind and attentive.
Who says there has been - About 1 km. from the sea of Syracuse. comfortable, cozy (refurbished in 2015, tastefully furnished, air conditioning, LCD TV 20-32 "), clean and with its own entrance. The ensuite bathroom is comfortable and functional. Free wifi in the environments common. Good breakfast. Ample parking. Courtesy and availability by operators.
Who

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.103825
Retrieved Text: Austin Mystery Writer Elizabeth Buhmann shares murder mysteries set in India that ooze local color–and one cookbook to alleviate the cravings that reading them might bring on . . .
I love to read murder mysteries that are set somewhere in the world that I have never been. Let me hasten to say that I do not care for such mysteries when they’ve been written by someone who has also never been there, or who has not been there for more than a visit.
No, I want a book that oozes local color and a narrator who has clearly lived there, walked the streets every day and been part of the community. Sometimes it’s an ex-pat, sometimes a person sent there by a job (or a spouse’s job). Or it may be an English-speaking native, or the books may have been written in another language and translated into English.

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.067714
Retrieved Text: This is from my notes at facebook. It was narrated from Anas bin Malik that the Messenger of Allah (pbuh) said: ” Al-Buraq – which is a tall white beast, bigger than a donkey and smaller than a mule, whose stride reaches as far as he can see – was brought to me, and I rode it until I reached Bait Al-Maqdis (Jerusalem). There i tethered it to the ring which was used by the Prophets, and I entered the Masjid and prayed to rakah there.
Then I came out, and Jibril (pbuh) came to me with a vessel of wine and milk. I chose the milk and Jibril (pbuh) said : You have chosen the fitrah ( the natural thing). Then he took us up to the heaven and Jibril asked for it to be opened. It was said: Who are you? He said: Jibril. It was said: Who is with you? He said: Muhammad (pbuh). It was said: has he been sent for? He said: Yes, he has. Then it was opened for us, and there was Adam (pbuh) who welcomed me and prayed for good for me.
Then he took us upto the second heaven and Jibril (pbuh) asked for it to open. It was said: Who are you? He said: Jibril. It was said: Who is with you? He said: Muhammad (pbuh). It was said: has he been sent for? He said: Yes, he has.Then it was opened for us, and there were the maternal cousins Eisa bin Maryam (pbuh) and Yahya bin Zakariya

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.042237
Retrieved Text: Who goes there: friend or foe? has been added to your bookmarks.
Who goes there: friend or foe? has been removed from your bookmarks.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.04095
Retrieved Text: a person who has been certified as capable of interpreting religious law.
The orthodox belief is, that since the time of the four Imms there has been no Mujtahid who could do as they did.
He is no Mujtahid, for such there are not now amongst the Sunns, to which sect the Turks belong.
The patient consulted a Mujtahid who told him that it was against religion to part with any member of the body.
Patients for whom they have prescribed often consult the Mujtahid before taking the medicine.
After them it is the orthodox belief that there has been no Mujtahid.

########
Rank: 5
Score: 8.973261
Retrieved Text: Hit or miss: Who has been the surprise package of the Premier League so far?
EXPRESS SPORT looks at the players who have been a hit or a miss in the Premier League this season.
There have been some surprising success stories in the top flight already, with a Leicester ace the pick of the bunch.
While there has been some unexpected failures too, with a Chelsea duo falling short and a Manchester United new-boy not living up to his price tag.
Click through to find out who has made our list of surprise packages.

########
Rank: 6
Score: 8.89567
Retrieved Text: Best astrologer in Gujarat Understanding and finding the future with careful study of the star has been one of the oldest and most prominent of education which has been fascinating and also offer the services of real to ordinary people. India has been one of the prominent leaders in the field of astrology, and in the State of Gujarat, which is also known as the jewel of the West that has been the Centre of trade since ancient times and even today is one of the State's developed fog. It has the world's attention and even internationally to provide the perfect Centre for anyone it's business, education or even rich traditional culture has been at the top in the country. There is also the presence of best astrologer in Gujarat which is none other than Pandit ji which is an international phenomenon that has transformed the lives of many and creating the perfect atmosphere that is put in evidence the goodness in themselves and they make it perfect for everyone.
Pandit ji has also been widely trained in the field and has a deep understanding of what is perfect for anyone who wants that its future is based on the most positive and dynamic Astrology services and create the most complete forms to handle all the situations that are personal privacy.
There is always the need for people who are looking for answers to their troubles and pain, these utter silent suffering has been brought forth by life and the answer for this lies with the expert in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 8.874636
Retrieved Text: There are lots of sportspersons who have created some great impact on me. I have been a fan of The Undertaker when I was a child, and I used to be a big fan of Saurav Ganguly later. Well, I no longer use the word fan because I have never been that kind of a fan that hates everyone who doesn’t like his or her favourite celebrities. I have been a person who admired these people who have had great impact on me. But there has been one person whom I really needed to write about.
I am talking about that person who is considered to be the greatest tennis player of all-time, and I never had any doubt about that. As you might have guessed the name of that person by now, this blog post is about Roger Federer. If you look at the records, you will know there are so much of achievements which he got inside his pockets. He has broken many records and has created his own including that of the most Grand Slams won and the most time spent as the world number one.
Well, I believe that you know most of it, and so, this post is going to about the impact that he has made on me rather than the impact which he has made on the tennis world. Even though the impact in tennis can be considered bigger, it is not that much behind in my case either. I have always believed in Roger Federer, and whether he wins or

########
Rank: 8
Score: 8.848795
Retrieved Text: LONDON - British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.
Sky cited a source from May’s office who said the trip had never been finally confirmed or publicly announced.
British Prime Minister Theresa May has postponed a trip to China that had been provisionally planned for November due to a timetable clash with U.S. President Donald Trump who would have been there at the same time, Sky News reported on Friday.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.839358
Retrieved Text: A Staffordshire Police spokesman said: "There has been an incident tonight in Blythe Bridge. A young girl has a slight slash and it is thought that the weapon is a pen knife.
"It is not a stabbing but there has been a weapon and there are numerous youths that have been stop-searched and the female has been taken to hospital.
"We received the call at 7.45pm and can confirm the female who has been taken to hospital is 15."

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.816651
Retrieved Text: hiring a contractor Archives - My Blog Experience is one of the most important things to look out for when choosing an HVAC contractor. You want a contractor who has been able to work on different projects over the years. Experienced contractors usually deliver quality services because they have perfected their skills. You can also expect them to identify and fix the problem within a short period of time. IF the company was recently started, try to find out more about the experience of the employees. There is no need to risk by choosing an HVAC contractor who has been doing it for a couple of months. License Many people tend to assume that all HVAC contractors out there have been licensed, but there are many who haven’t been licensed. This is why you should always confirm the HVAC contractor you are choosing has been licensed. Many people usually ignore this because they tend to offer lower pricing for their services. There are some requirements that must be met before an HVAC company can be licensed. Using a contractor who hasn’t been licensed will result in voiding your warranty, which means you have to spend a lot of money if something goes wrong. Insurance There are a lot of risks that are involved when doing any project. There are many people who have been forced to spend a lot of money because something went wrong during installation or repair. Insurance will ensure the people working on your project and property has been covered. If a person

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.781947
Retrieved Text: Osiris Anibal Gómez, right, with Mazatec poet Juan Gregorio Regino, director of Mexico’s National Institute of Indigenous Languages (INALI).
For the past ten years there’s been an ongoing discussion among writers and critics concerning the conditions and the transcendence of translation in contemporary Indigenous literary production. On the one hand, there are those who express that the birth of bilingual literature in Mexico has been shaped by federal writing grants offered mainly to writers who agree to self-translate their work to the Spanish language for publishing. On the other hand, there are writers who take on the double artistic responsibility as a necessity for greater dissemination.
For the past ten years there’s been an ongoing discussion among writers and critics concerning the conditions and the transcendence of translation in contemporary Indigenous literary production. On the one hand, there are those who express that the birth of bilingual literature in Mexico has been shaped by federal writing grants offered mainly to writers who agree to self-translate their work to the Spanish language for publishing.

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.779749
Retrieved Text: So the latest result for today’s Draw, Nagaland State Lotteries 05-12-2018 Sambad Result Today 8 PM has been officially released and people who are looking forward to check their number slips should get started. Though most of you who have not won any prize for some time should consider changing your tactic of how to pick the number and move from hunches to calculations as people who know digits game would tell you that its mathematics not luck which you should understand.
For example if you are trying to guess which number has the highest probability of coming out in next draw make sure you have all the data of the past draws and even from Nagaland State Lotteries 05-12-2018 Sambad Result Today 8 PM as it has been announced which will give you some refined search. There are many people in India who have been played the Lotto for some time and their testimonials about the game are far more interesting than those who have played it for couple of times without any knowledge of how to play. while the other draw of Download Sambad Today Result 11:55Am will be here.
As the people who rush to any event without getting the knowhow are the worst. In case of Nagaland State Lotteries 05-12-2018 Sambad Result Today 8 PM you will find many who have understood and played and their results are different from the mature ones. SO people who are looking to take part in the upcoming draw should consider reading the rules and regulations first. While

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.777495
Retrieved Text: Python’s rise amongst builders around the globe has been documented by a number of well-known programming-language indexes. However UK developer-focused analyst SlashData has now put a determine on the precise variety of builders that use the language.
Based on SlashData, there at the moment are eight.2 million builders on the earth who code utilizing Python and that inhabitants is now bigger than those that construct in Java, who quantity 7.6 million. Final September, there have been seven million Python builders and seven.1 million Java builders.
Python adoption has been speedy, with SlashData estimating the language gained greater than two million new builders in 2018.
“The rise of machine studying is a transparent consider its reputation. A whopping 69 p.c of machine-learning builders and knowledge scientists now use Python, in contrast with 24 p.c of them utilizing R,” the corporate notes in its report.
It is not recognized exactly what number of builders there are on the earth. Nevertheless, a number of companies have estimated the quantity. One proxy is Microsoft-owned code-hosting web site GitHub, which studies having about 36 million customers at the moment.
GitHub officers in 2017 estimated there have been roughly 20 million builders worldwide, whereas IDC estimated there have been 18.5 million in 2014. Developer analyst Redmonk’s 2017 “wild-assed guess” was that the worldwide inhabitants of builders was 35 million.
SlashData’s numbers are primarily based on a survey of 20,000 builders and the corporate claims it could actually uniquely estimate the variety of builders who use the most well-liked languages, in contrast with Tiobe, RedMonk, and Stack Overflow, which

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.772938
Retrieved Text: I just got back from seeing Logan. I must say excellent I had a fantastic time, but this is not why you are… There has been some Deadpool 2 items that have been dropping here and there the last week now, and I saw a tweet from Ryan Reynolds when I got back from the show.
We all have been excited for the upcoming film in 2018 that is Deadpool 2. There has been a lot of speculation who will be joining Ryan Reynolds for the cast of the Fox film. Who will play Cable? Who will be the villain? Well today we got some insight from Ryan Reynolds that Zazie Beetz will be joining Deadpool as Domino! Hopefully we will get some sort of insight on who will be playing Cable… The current rumor is that David Harbour from Stranger Things will be the time traveling side kick!
Go tweet us @TheNerdChambers, and let us know who you want to play Cable! Are you excited to see Deadpool 2?

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.764353
Retrieved Text: All the money has been for Arsenal in the lunchtime kick off at Craven Cottage and they are now 5/6 from 10/11.
Also in the football today there has been support for West Ham who are away to Newcastle and particular strong money for Leicester who are at home to Birmingham in the Championship.
In the racing there has been solid support for both Trader Jack and Noble Gift in the 5.15 at Goodwood – the pair are at opposite ends of the handicap.
In Ireland Ernest Hemingway has been well backed in the Leger trial at 5.25 and is 4/6 from 5/6.
Under the radar at Cartmel Flying Doctor has been backed off the boards at Cartmel in the 3.05 and is now 3/1 from double figures.

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.741693
Retrieved Text: There are numerous advantages one can get from essay writing. For instance, it adds and improves the life of those using it since increases one’s personality development and earnings. Nonetheless it offers one with the ability to share nightmare therefore helping one address his or her personal opinion about a particular issue. As a writer it also helps harness one’s critical thinking abilities and offers one with the chance to discover even more. Besides, one’s good sense of critic on subjects is extensively imperative in order have critics on subjects and issues that one finds important to talk about.
Since the inception of essay writing services onto the internet there have been many speculations as to whether there has been a growing number of literacy levels of the world’s population in general. There are many people who are seeking knowledge especially in the area of literature as well as linguistics and other technical aspects of academics. Custom essay writing services have been accorded a stature of high regards in the current world since they are important in assisting people who have great ideas but do not have the linguistic ability to express them. It is an aspect that combines technical knowhow as well as the expression of language. College students who do not speak English as their native language but have been admitted to institutions that primarily lecture in English have been assisted by the essay writing services. They have been given a platform to express their ideas, improve on their English vocabulary as well as knowledge

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.728797
Retrieved Text: May 2018 - Carlsbad ANS Experience is one of the most important things to look out for when choosing an HVAC contractor. You want a contractor who has been able to work on different projects over the years. Experienced contractors usually deliver quality services because they have perfected their skills. You can also expect them to identify and fix the problem within a short period of time. IF the company was recently started,try to find out more about the experience of the employees. There is no need to risk by choosing an HVAC contractor who has been doing it for a couple of months. LicenseMany people tend to assume that all HVAC contractors out there have been licensed,but there are many who haven’t been licensed. This is why you should always confirm the HVAC contractor you are choosing has been licensed. Many people usually ignore this because they tend to offer lower pricing for their services. There are some requirements that must be met before an HVAC company can be licensed. Using a contractor who hasn’t been licensed will result in voiding your warranty,which means you have to spend a lot of money if something goes wrong. InsuranceThere are a lot of risks that are involved when doing any project. There are many people who have been forced to spend a lot of money because something went wrong during installation or repair. Insurance will ensure the people working on your project and property has been covered. If a person gets injured while working on your project,you

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.726059
Retrieved Text: There is a lot of astrologers on the internet for the Love Marriage Specialist who claim that we will work to make your marriage successful and they demand you a lot of money. You should not trust such people because these people come to trust you work with your body, but in the end, you get disappointments in which there is a lot of trouble but our punditji will have no problem for you. You will not get any problems and you will not be able to provide any trouble. Whatever type of things you will be told, you will get the job of making your life successful. Our scholars are doing that which has been very good for many years. Love Marriage Specialist In australia I have been serving our Shastri ji for many years, who are still very well present there, many times by the government The gold medal has also been received because he has done good to the life of the people who are very disturbed, their happiness has been provided in his life. If you are suffering from love problems in your life, then our pundits can contact you happily can create.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.724783
Retrieved Text: MANCHESTER City winger Shaun Wright-Phillips is currently in talks for a move to Bolton, Owen Coyle confirmed today.
Owen Coyle has admitted her would "love" to have Shaun Wright-Phillips in his squad at Bolton.
He said: "Shaun is a tremendous player, he is someone I would love to bring to the club. Whether it is possible, only time will tell."
Wright-Phillips knows he will have limited chances at Manchester City this term and will be allowed to leave by manager Roberto Mancini.
However, Bolton are unable to match Wright-Phillips' estimated £70,000-a-week wages and, so far, have been unable to find a way of bridging the gap.
Coyle added: ""There are financial implications involved. Players at Manchester City are on contracts that are more than we could pay. There is a threshold we cannot go beyond.
"But there has been dialogue between our chairman and (City chief executive) Garry Cook. That is where we are at the moment. There is nothing concrete."
Coyle confirmed talks are further advanced with former Stoke striker Tuncay Sanli, who could be about to arrive on loan from Bundesliga outfit Wolfsburg.
"We are a good way down the line with that but it is not cut and dried," he said.
"He is a terrific player, who really works his socks off."
As yet though, there has been no offer for Gary Cahill, who has been linked with a big-money move to Arsenal for much of the summer.
"I am surprised there has been no firm offer," said Coyle.
"Teams have had six or seven weeks already.
"I totally understand if they have made offers and

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.719484
Retrieved Text: It seems appropriate this week to post this photo of a very happy group of our colleagues at a time when we are mourning the loss of one of them who had a hugely positive impact on the Bermuda Police during his 8 years in the job.
I believe there is a very similar photo of this same group elsewhere on our website so it shouldn't be too difficult to figure out who is present, and when and where it was taken. All in all the group has done well healthwise with most still with us, but can you not only name them but also let us know where they are and what they are doing these days. Sadly there are, of course, a few who are no longer with us, and they are Roy Chandler, Vic Richmond and now Pat McBride.
Davie Kerr has provided the names of everyone in this photo and he was also correct in saying that this one, or one similar, has previously been published on our website.
There has been some doubt about where this photo was taken with Davie Kerr thinking it was probably at Elbow Beach, but we have been assured by Stanley Hill, who was present at the reunion with his wife, Hilary, that it was definitely held at Pompano Beach Club.
The occasion was a dinner to celebrate the group having been in Bermuda for 2o years, with the exception of "Chief" Roy Chandler who was OIC Training School at the time of their Training Course in 1966. Missing from

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.705097
Retrieved Text: Thatcher Law Firm posted in Family and Medical Leave Act on Friday, August 8, 2014.
Having a sick child shouldn’t cost a person their job or health coverage. Neither should a spouse’s illness lead to either of those outcomes. The same is true for having a baby or taking time to care for a newborn.
Before the Family and Medical Leave Act was made law, however, those outcomes were possible for some workers. The FMLA has been protecting the jobs and benefits of eligible women and men for 21 years now, helping keep American families whole and healthy.
Even though the FMLA has entered adulthood, there are still employers who make it difficult for employees to use their protected leave. There are also employers who discriminate against or retaliate against those who make use of the protections offered under FMLA.
If a person qualifies for FMLA leave, their job has to be there when they return and their employer has to continue paying their portion of health insurance costs. According to a recent article on FMLA’s birthday, the law has been put to use more than 100 million times in its 21 years.
Those who have been denied proper use of its protections should speak with an employment law attorney experienced in protecting workplace rights.

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.696857
Retrieved Text: The inertia of a jungle village is a dangerous thing. Before you know it your whole life has slipped by and you are still waiting there. ― Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger Kin The Indian village has been celebrated by every poet who has admitted to having been touched by India including Rudyard Kipling and Rabindranath Tagore. Social scientists of the past wrote about Indian villages as virtually self-sufficient communities with few ties to the outside world. There is nothing unusual or novel in the city-bred person’s belief in the regenerative powers of the village. This nostalgia has been expressed since the 19th century in literary form in fiction and poetry and in political form through the slogan: `Back to the villages‘.
The Indian village has been celebrated by every poet who has admitted to having been touched by India including Rudyard Kipling and Rabindranath Tagore. Social scientists of the past wrote about Indian villages as virtually self-sufficient communities with few ties to the outside world. There is nothing unusual or novel in the city-bred person’s belief in the regenerative powers of the village. This nostalgia has been expressed since the 19th century in literary form in fiction and poetry and in political form through the slogan: `Back to the villages‘.

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.692952
Retrieved Text: All over the world it has been a headline news topic: there has been a huge disaster in Enschede, the Netherlands. A fireworks factory has exploded in a residential area; many persons were killed and maimed. Since Jan, Hilke and Sophia have a lot of friends in Enschede, they are deeply affected by what has happened there. There are no words to describe how terrible they feel about it; the people who were affected, receive their deepest, sincerest sympathy. Also, having a job at the fire brigade herself, Sophia shares the feelings of the four firemen, who lost their life trying to prevent the disaster.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.68511
Retrieved Text: According to the data released by National, Crime Records Bureau stats that Twenty-one dowry deaths are reported across the country every day and the conviction rate is only 34.7 per cent.
In a recent judgement, the Supreme Court has modified its order that provided for setting up of a committee to deal with dowry harassment complaints.
The complaints of domestic violence under Section 498A IPC were directed to be vetted by the Committee first. It was also held that the police can carry out investigation and arrest only on the basis of a report by the Committee.
These directions issued by the bench of Justice A K Goel and Justice U U Lalit in clause 19(i) of the Rajesh Sharma were wholly struck down by the three judges bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra, Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice D Y Chandrachud.
The Court held that the Family Welfare Committee was an extra-judicial authority, which cannot exercise powers and functions of police and court.
Section498 A’s misuse by the other side to harass the husbands by causing a social disturbance. In a judgement by the apex court, the court has granted anticipatory bail to the husbands and their relatives, who are not connected to matrimonial cruelty.
As per the reports from National Crime Records Bureau of 2006- 2016 suggest that there has been 10 per cent rise in the cases each year, by the end of 2016 there was 5.15 lakhs case registered under this IPC. In those 11 years, the number of acquittals was 24404 in the year 2006, which

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.681866
Retrieved Text: To succeed in a motion to change custody, you must prove either by a preponderance of the evidence (if it would cause no change in the established custodial environment) or by clear and convincing evidence (if it would cause a change in the custodial established environment) that the change is in the child’s best interests.
How these factors are applied and determined by the judge can vary widely from case to case. However, below each element from the statute are some examples of questions to demonstrate how evidence may come in on each one of these factors. These are just examples and are not complete examples of the types of questions or evidence that the court may consider nor how the evidence would need to be presented to come into evidence under the Michigan Rules of Evidence.
722.23.amended “Best interests of the child” defined.
Do the parties love the child?
Does the child express physical signs of affection toward the parents?
Are those physical signs of affection returned by the child?
Who is involved in schooling and homework?
Has the child been overly tardy or absent from school without good cause?
Did the parties agree to raise the child in a certain religion and are the parties following through with that?
Is the payer of support up to date?
Who takes the child to medical appointments?
Are there any special medical needs that the child has? Who helps the child with medical care and administers medicine?
Does either parent fail to give medications as prescribed?
Has the other party moved their residence a lot?
Has the child’s school been changed

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.676844
Retrieved Text: There are huge numbers of us who have been a casualty of unfair medicinal treatment sooner or later or the other. There are times when the eventual outcomes of these are serious and even hazardous. In the event that you have been to a specialist, a medicinal professional or even a healing facility or a therapeutic office that has given wrong medications and meds you are qualified for restorative cases.
There are laws and resolutions that give full security to the casualties of medicinal damage in various ways. What’s more, to take your case facilitate there are legitimate experts that have the skill here of law who can guide and help you as needs be separated from giving lawful portrayal in court.
It is critical for you to know and know about the conditions and occurrences where you are obligated to sue the medicinal staff and organization for carelessness and misbehaviors. Examples have been discovered when a specialist has given improper ailment guess pursued by wrong medicines and meds.
There are serious impacts that are frequently looked by patients because of pharmaceuticals and medications that are managed and are really not required. Similarly there are comparable mistakes found in the circle of tasks and surgeries also.
Specialists and therapeutic staff have regularly left numerous articles inside a patient’s body after an activity or a medical procedure has been managed. These are things from cotton fleece and measure to even things, for example, careful blades and scissors too. There have been different things that were found inside the collection of patients

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.670896
Retrieved Text: This is an interview with my roommate, Umanga, who came here to Minnesota from Sri Lanka. In the past year that we have lived together, we’ve gotten very close. Her wisdom has inspired me to look at life in new ways and I’m so happy she agreed to let me interview her about her travel and life experiences. Enjoy!
Are there any proverbs or sayings in Sri Lanka that you live by?
What do you want people to know about Sri Lanka who’ve never been there?
Across the different places you’ve been to what has been common across cultures and what has been different?
What country has been your favorite so far, why?
What is the greatest lesson you’ve learned from travel that you wouldn’t have gotten otherwise?
What advice would you give someone who aspires to travel alone but is scared?

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.670656
Retrieved Text: The past week has shown me who is there and who isn’t. I’ve learned who my friends are. I always just assumed everyone around me was going to be there for me, but I see how quick people can turn on you. It’s good to know that there are those people that are going to help you. I have a best friend who I can tell everything to he’s great. He’s like a brother. He cares when I’m sad and he listens if I need to talk. And sure besides him there are some other people every once in a while who make a big difference. But he’s always been there. He probably doesn’t think he’s doing anything or helping in any way, but he is.
I know he won’t read this but if he could Thank You.
There is also a girl who has ALWAYS been there when I needed her. When everyone else leaves me to fall apart she just shows up and saves me. I love that.
There is another boy. more than a friend…he cares he just doesn’t know how to help. But he tries. But right now he needs to help himself and I’m trying to help him like he would help me.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.663555
Retrieved Text: Do you want to know what is wrong with America? Just take a look at the Saturday edition of the LATEXTRA section of the Los Angeles Times.
Staring at you on the front page, a photo of two of our more infamous leaders. Gavin Newsom, who had an affair with his campaign manager's wife, and President Clinton, who was impeached for having a tryst with an intern in the Oval Office and then lying about it. There they are, both out there, there is no accountability in America.
As for California Atty. Gen. Jerry Brown, who is still running for some kind of office, there is only one thing to say, and that is "Rose Byrd." Remember her? She was a gift from Brown who just will not go away.
Recently, I was asked to describe the past 12 months in one word. Simply said, it would be "overwhelming." Truly, Burbank Temporary Aid Center has been overwhelmed on many levels.
The requests for services have continued to increase dramatically over previous years and our volunteers have been overwhelmed while trying to ensure more than 34,000 individual services were provided to our friends and neighbors.
The compassion and dedication of those same volunteers has been overwhelming to watch. As they work to serve the clients who depend on BTAC services, they are a great inspiration for me and the BTAC staff.
It has been touching to see the long hours and hard work given by the staff to keep up with the growing and overwhelming workload.
As we approach the upcoming holiday season, I

================



======= Instance Index 4171 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I just made a jar of jam this morning and now I can't find it any where. Do you know what happened to it?

M: Did you hear a crash, that was it, I'm just as clumsy as ever.

Question: What is the problem? 

- The woman doesn't like jam.

- The man broke the jar.

- The man had an accident.

Target Text: The man broke the jar.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.278664
Retrieved Text: “The “Phoenix Checklist” is a set of questions developed by the CIA to define and think about a problem, and how to develop a solution.
Why is it necessary to solve the problem?
What benefits will you receive by solving the problem?
What is it you don’t yet understand?
What is the information you have?
Is the information sufficient? Or is it insufficient? Or redundant? Or contradictory?
Should you draw a diagram of the problem? A figure?
Where are the boundaries of the problem?
Can you separate the various parts of the problem? Can you write them down? What are the relationships of the parts of the problem? What are the constants of the problem?
Have you seen this problem in a slightly different form? Do you know a related problem?
Suppose you find a problem related to yours that has already been solved. Can you use it? Can you use its method?
Can you restate your problem? How many different ways can you restate it? More general? More specific? Can the rules be changed?
What are the best, worst and most probable cases you can imagine?
Can you solve the whole problem? Part of the problem?
What would you like the resolution to be? Can you picture it?
How much of the unknown can you determine?
Can you derive something useful from the information you have?
Have you used all the information?
Have you taken into account all essential notions in the problem?
Can you separate the steps in the problem-solving process? Can you determine the correctness of each step?
What creative thinking techniques can you use to generate ideas? How many different techniques?
Can you

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.143594
Retrieved Text: What Are Some Characteristics Of A Research Problem Statement?
A) Clearly state the problem itself, and give enough contextual detail that the reader may understand why it is important.
B) Suggest a method of solving the problem. This is often stated as a 'working thesis' or as a claim to having a solution.
C) The purpose, statement of the objective and scope for the project that you are proposing.
The statement of the problem should be central to any research, so it is vitally important that it is written well, so that the reader can clearly understand the project's aims and does not become lost or confused, as this can potentially lead to disastrous consequences in the future. A good problem statement should ideally be up to one page, with a number of paragraphs that are able to briefly elaborate on these elements that I have suggested previously.
Explain the characteristics of a research problem?
A research problem statement should be able to identify the main idea of the entire study.
What Are The Characteristics A Research Problem?
What Are The Characteristic Of Research?
What Are The Characteristics Of Research Process?
What Are The Characteristics Of Research Paper?
What Are The Elements Of A Research Problem?
What are the characteristics of a bad research?
What Is The Difference Between Problem Statement, Purpose Statements, Research Questions, Hypotheses, And Objectives?
How To Construct A Research Problem Statement And Objectives.?
Can You Define A Research Problem And Explain The Main Issues Which Draw The Attention Of The Researcher While Formulating The Research Problem?
Can A Person Get Unemployment With Leaving Work With Stress Problems?

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.11586
Retrieved Text: There’s been a problem. You know what the problem is. I have absolutely no idea what the problem is. WHY DON’T YOU TELL ME WHAT THE PROBLEM IS?
How am I supposed to fix ‘a problem’ if your error doesn’t tell me what it is?
Why couldn’t it tell me that? What kind of company unleashes such a crappy web site on the world without testing the simplest of issues?

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.065236
Retrieved Text: In the previous section there were some general tips in regards to homework sets as a whole. Here are some tips to help you actually work the problems. Note that some of the ideas were important enough that they are actually in both sections.
Read the Problem. Read the problem to get an idea of what you’re being asked to do. This one of the biggest sources of point loss that I’ve seen in grading. Too many students just skim the problem and assume they know what’s going on and what they are being asked to do.
Read the Problem Again. Now that you know what you’re being asked to do, read the problem again. This time around make note of what you are given and what you need to find. Also make sure that you understand just what you’re being asked to do.
Clearly Note What You Are Asked to Find. Clearly write down somewhere what you’re being asked to find.
Clearly Note What You Know. Clearly write down somewhere all the information you’ve been given.
Draw a Diagram. If appropriate draw a diagram and label what you know and what you need to find. Often diagrams will suggest the solution technique, so it’s a good idea to get into the habit of drawing them.
Devise a Plan. Try to figure out what you’re going to need to work the problem. Identify formulas that may help you. See if there are any intermediate steps/answers that will be needed in order to arrive at the final answer.
Work a Similar Problem. If you

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.044994
Retrieved Text: so we don't know how to interpret the result.
C. You are measuring the wrong thing and thus reaching the wrong conclusions.
What is the dining philosophers problem in OS?
The library of the institution has problem tracking books.Write a system proposal for this problem.
What is the readers-writers problem in synchronization? How do you solve it using semaphores?
What is producer consumer problem Explain the solution for producer consumer problem with a program?
State dining philosophers problem and give a solution using semaphores. Write structure of philosopher.
How to develop problem solving skills for the greater extent and longer time.?

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.04248
Retrieved Text: Sometimes problems seem to come in bunches, and/or a particular problem can feel overwhelming.
But don't despair - I'm here to walk you through my step-by-step problem solving strategies. We'll start by asking all the right questions to help you identify precisely where you need to direct your energy in order to solve the problem(s).
becoming absorbed by the problem and too emotional, which makes it much harder to for you to put things right.
Abstract and over-generalised thinking causes minor issues to appear much bigger than they really are, and significant problems to appear unmanageable.
Being quite specific about what exactly the problem is will give you a more realistic picture. In turn, this will give you a better handle on the problem. You're less likely to feel overwhelmed if you approach issues with my problem solving steps below.
You may also want to amplify your critical thinking with the Improve Your Critical Thinking hypnosis download (via my Hypnotherapy online FAQ page).
Self-hypnosis can also be really helpful for reducing stress. Short-term pressure is okay, but stress stops you being able to come up with creative solutions. And when you're dealing with any problems - including relationship problems - you need to be able to be creative!
At any time you need further help with this, hop over to my article on how to get the best relationship advice. You'll learn all about the 'what, when and where' of getting the right sort of help in your situation.
Dealing with several problems at once?
The first problem solving strategy is: start with the problem

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.034322
Retrieved Text: What is the abbreviation for Prissy Kitty Problem?
PKP stands for "Prissy Kitty Problem".
A: How to abbreviate "Prissy Kitty Problem"?
"Prissy Kitty Problem" can be abbreviated as PKP.
The meaning of PKP abbreviation is "Prissy Kitty Problem".
One of the definitions of PKP is "Prissy Kitty Problem".
PKP as abbreviation means "Prissy Kitty Problem".
A: What is shorthand of Prissy Kitty Problem?
The most common shorthand of "Prissy Kitty Problem" is PKP.

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.017955
Retrieved Text: Solve a set of slope problems. Detailed solutions to the problems are provided.
Problem 1: Find the slope of the line that passes through the points (-1 , 0) and (3 , 8).
Problem 2: Find the slope of the line that passes through the points (2 , 0) and (2 , 4).
Problem 3: Find the slope of the line that passes through the points (7 , 4) and (-9 , 4).
Problem 4: Are the three points A(2 , 3) , B(5 , 6) and C(0 , -2) collinear?
Problem 5: What is the slope of the line parallel to the line whose equation is given by -y = - 2 x + 4?
Problem 6: What is the slope of the line perpendicular to the line whose equation is given by - 2y = - 8 x + 9?
Problem 7: Is the triangle whose vertices are the points A(0 , -1) , B(2 , 1) and C(-4 , 3) a right triangle?
Problem 9: What is the slope of the line y = 9?
Problem 10: What is the slope of the line x = -5?

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.011597
Retrieved Text: Mafiascene.com - View topic - How to solve this problem? what is this problem?
How to solve this problem? what is this problem?
Posted: Tue Oct 10, 2017 4:28 pm Post subject: How to solve this problem? what is this problem?

########
Rank: 9
Score: 8.980089
Retrieved Text: GBST 100 What is the research assignment?
The major writing assignment for Dr. Bozonelos's course is a 7-page analysis of a global issue. Students are expected to analyze a global issue by describing the details, comparing perspectives, determining realistic solutions, and supporting their thoughts about the issue.
The global issue must be explicitly analyzed, rather than implicitly analyzed. The task of explicitly explaining the logical relationship(s) between a series of events is written analysis.
1. An overview of the problem/issue – What is the problem? Where does it exist? When did it begin? What people or groups are directly involved? Specific names, dates, locations are needed.
2. Different perspectives (views) about the problem – What are the causes of the problem? Does everyone see it as a problem? Historical sources must be used to examine the facts and opinions about the problem.
3. Possible existing solutions – How have experts / others associated with the issue suggested fixing the problem? What makes the suggestions different? Based on the background of this issue, what do you predict will happen in the future?
4. Barriers to existing solutions – What human, environmental, and or geographical barriers stand in the way of fixing the problem? Based on your research, which group has the stronger case?
5. Ways to address the barriers – Given what you have learned, what do you think would be the best solution to the problem?
Your paper must include a minimum of 7 scholarly sources and be cited in MLA or Chicago Style format. Please remember to directly contact Dr. Bozonelos if you

########
Rank: 10
Score: 8.978615
Retrieved Text: Oblique search strategies are prompts that alter the formulation of the problem. This can often help get a problem unstuck in the cases where everyone has a crystallized, unchangeable conception of how to think about the problem and past attempts at solutions. Oblique search strategies can be used as prompts in Optimal Brainstorming, or used on their own. Many such strategies are strongly related to Concept Operators.
What is the upstream constraint?
Have you tried switching from an away frame to a towards frame?
How is negative capability doing? Do you feel like you can play with the problem parameters or are you desperately looking for a solution so you can be done with it? Can you make some space for the problem to breathe? To expand so you can see its details?
What would a boring/dumb/obvious solution look like? Can that be improved?
What would it look like to change yourself such that it wasn't a problem anymore?
What would lots of small solutions look like?
How should someone else implement a solution finding process?
What if you woke up and the problem was solved? How would you know? What would be different?
What lucky fluke would solve the problem?
Have you tried putting everything you know about the problem all in one place?
Key assumptions: who what where why how when, always/never, can't/must, all/none.

########
Rank: 11
Score: 8.97638
Retrieved Text: Welcome to the Creative Problem Solving course. In the past few decades, psychologists and business people alike have discovered that successful problem solvers tend to use the same type of process to identify and implement the solutions to their problems. This process works for any kind of problem, large or small.
This course will give participants an overview of the entire creative problem solving process, as well as key problem solving tools that they can use every day in school, home, or in the work world.
Module 2 – What is a Problem?
Module 2 – What is Creative Problem Solving?
Module 2 – What are the Steps in the Creative Problem Solving Process?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 8.964392
Retrieved Text: Molecules | Free Full-Text | Enhancing the Delivery of Resveratrol in Humans: If Low Bioavailability is the Problem, What is the Solution?
Enhancing the Delivery of Resveratrol in Humans: If Low Bioavailability is the Problem, What is the Solution?
Smoliga, J.M.; Blanchard, O. Enhancing the Delivery of Resveratrol in Humans: If Low Bioavailability is the Problem, What is the Solution? Molecules 2014, 19, 17154-17172.
Smoliga JM, Blanchard O. Enhancing the Delivery of Resveratrol in Humans: If Low Bioavailability is the Problem, What is the Solution? Molecules. 2014; 19(11):17154-17172.
Smoliga, James M.; Blanchard, Otis. 2014. "Enhancing the Delivery of Resveratrol in Humans: If Low Bioavailability is the Problem, What is the Solution?" Molecules 19, no. 11: 17154-17172.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 8.944062
Retrieved Text: 8 videos in "Factoring Application Problems"
Description: This is a Word Problem you solve by writing an equation and factoring. Word Problem 1 - Number Puzzle-The square of a negative number is 15 more than twice the negative number. What is the number?
If the square of a negative number is 15 more than twice the negative number, what is the number?
How do you solve word problem number puzzles in math?
How do you solve a word problem by writing an equation and factoring?
What are the steps for solving a word problem in math?
How do you solve n^2 = 2n + 15?
How is a word problem different from a normal factoring problem?
How can you check to make sure that your answer is correct in a word problem?
This video explains how to tackle one of the most dreaded types of problems in math: word problems. It goes through the problem and systematically writes out an equation for the problem and solves it.
Reviewed by MathVids Staff on October 02, 2009.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 8.939112
Retrieved Text: A problem forms the other half of a planning problem. In the domain we express the global “worldly” aspects of a problem, such as what actions we can perform and what types of objects exist in the world we’re planning in.
The problem then solidifies this expression by define exactly what objects exist, and what is true about them and then finally what the end goal is. What state we want the world to be in once the plan is finished.
Each problem is given a name, typically this is a unique identifier. This is to allow for usage of the situation keyword which allows a problem to be extended. However whilst the name is commonly included in most problems, the use of situation to extend problems is not. Most problem names are unimaginative like prob1 or p1.
The domain argument refers to the domain in which the problem exists (see Domain for details of what a domain is). Although often defined in problem files, this argument is typically redundant as most planners take the domain and problem file from the command line and assume that the domain defined in one corresponds to the problem defined in the other. This is not always the case so it is worth specifying the domain name anyway.
A situation argument inherits qualities from another problem file. In some cases all of our problems may have common features which we can express as part of a situation file. An example might be that all of our problems have two sites, a storage depot and

########
Rank: 15
Score: 8.925661
Retrieved Text: The most important part in early preparation for the year is to read the problem well. If you don't do that, your script and scoring will be off base, putting you at a disadvantage at competition.
Every problem is broken up into the same different parts explained below.
A cursory overview of the problem. What is the problem about?
Begins by giving a slightly more detailed list of what is required in the problem and by giving the Creative Emphasis of the Problem and the Spirit of the Problem. Much of this is restating what was in the first part of the problem.
This is the meat of the problem. It takes all of the details mentioned in Part A and fleshes them out. What do certain characters have to do, what tasks have to be accomplished, etc. This section also gives the basics of the problem (general rules, length, cost). Reading the limitations thoroughly is crucial to understanding the problem.
THE LAST PART OF SECTION B IS VERY IMPORTANT. It gives you a list of things you need to present the judges with. I discuss that list more in this forms page.
This section talks about the layout of the competition area. This is especially important for problem 1 (vehicle) and problem 2 (technical) because oftentimes they have to complete certain objectives in certain areas. When practicing your problem, make sure you are paying attention to size limitations. The stage size is a minimum, depending on the competition area, it could be (and usually is) bigger than that, however, if you

########
Rank: 16
Score: 8.920223
Retrieved Text: It reduces the risk associated with launching new ideas.
It helps organizations learn faster.
It generates solutions that are innovative, not just incremental.
How we use Design Thinking for various projects?
Exploring the problem space: What problem does the user have? What is the broader context? What is the collaborative understanding of the situation?
Exploring the solution space: What are creative solutions to the problem?
the iterative alignment of both spaces: Iteration is what Agile and Design Thinking have in common, but iteration is used to a far greater extent in Design Thinking.
Design Thinking is essentially a problem-solving approach specific to design, which involves assessing known aspects of a problem and identifying the more ambiguous or peripheral factors that contribute to the conditions of a problem. This contrasts with a more scientific approach where the concrete and known aspects are tested in order to arrive at a solution.
Do you have a business idea that requires Design Thinking, we would love to hear about it.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 8.9138155
Retrieved Text: What area or item in your neighborhood needs attention?
What needs our attention in the Clubhouse?
What is the problem with the fence?
What is the problem with the gate?
Where is the problem with the irrigation system?
What is the issue with the playground?
What is the item in need of attention?
What is the pole number on the light?

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.911012
Retrieved Text: What was the problem?: Leaking pipe, rotted plywood sheet underneath shingles.
Solution: We Replaced the pipe flashing and the rotted plywood sheet for a new one.
What was installed?: New aluminum pipe flashing with rubber collar and caulking and new 7/16 OSB board.
What was the problem?: Old shingles and rotted plywood.
Solution: Replace the shingles and unsound plywood.
What was installed?: Owens Corning Oakridge shingles in the color Teak and 1/2 FRT plywood.
What was the problem?: Leaking gutters.
Project Date: : Winter 2018.
What was installed?: Seamless K-style 5 gutters and 2x3 downspouts.
What was the problem?: Removed shingles.
Solution: Replace the shingles and damaged plywood.
What was installed?: Owens Corning Oakridge shingles in the color Estate Gray.
What was the problem?: Leaking roof.
What was installed?: Owens Corning Oakridge shingles in the color Teak.
What was the problem?: Damaged siding.
What was installed?: CertainTeed vinyl siding in the color Cypress.
What was the problem?: Storm damage (removed siding).
What was installed?: CertainTeed vinyl siding in the color Colonial White.
What was installed?: CertainTeed vinyl siding in the color Suede.
With more than 30 years of experience, the Global Roofing and Construction team is trusted, residential ceilings and general contracting services.

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.901474
Retrieved Text: What’s the wellbeing problem with problem gamblers?
Ian Walker, is an economics professor at Lancaster University and recently co-authored new research on problem gambling. Here, he shares why we need to reconsider what we know, or don’t, about problem gambling and its impacts on wellbeing.
The received wisdom – if that’s the right expression for near ignorance – is that problem gambling is relatively uncommon and the damage to wellbeing is limited to the individual and perhaps their immediate family.
What we know is that psychologists have devised a way of spotting problem gamblers by asking 10 questions and counting if they get three or more ‘wrong’.
In large and (more or less) random sample surveys it turns out that 0.7% of UK adults get classified as problem gamblers – so a tiny problem? Well 0.7% is a third of a million adults; about the same number as the city of Sheffield has.
So, not so small scale, but still not a worry if it’s limited in effect. But if the impact is bigger than we suspected for each individual problem gambler, it would be a really big problem for all of us.
What can psychologists tell us about how big a problem this is, per problem gambler. Well, it seems that nobody bothered to quantify this! The first to ask, and answer, this question is new research: How much of a problem is problem gambling.
The question is hard to answer, as are so many unanswered questions, but our estimate of the answer is that the cost aggregated across all problem gamblers

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.897578
Retrieved Text: The problem statement is a critical component of a project’s statement of purpose or charter. The reason to write a problem statement is so that all members on the project team are absolutely clear on what they’re working on solving. If different team members understand the problem differently, you may end up having to address conflicts while creating and prioritizing requirements for the solution.
“The problem of [statement of problem] . . .”: What’s the goal or need of the audience; what’s the root cause problem your target market is trying to solve? What do stakeholders struggle with; what concerns do they have? Which detailed or lower-level problems are buried under bigger problems? Are the important issues called out?
“. . . affects [users and/or stakeholders] . . .” Who specifically is impacted? This list isn’t limited to just the problem-sufferer; it includes others also affected directly or indirectly.
“A successful solution would be to [important benefits that would successfully solve the problem].” What characteristics and qualities does an acceptable and/or compelling solution include? What would a (generic) solution do or have that addresses or resolves key issues and needs? A solution providing these benefits or capabilities would be just what the users need, with post-solution results or outcomes adding value.
The problem of customers smoking in our rooms affects other customers, who don’t appreciate the smoke and smell, and our housekeeping staff, who spend significantly more time cleaning smoking rooms versus nonsmoking ones, the impact of which is low customer satisfaction, reduced occupancy rates, and increased cleaning costs. A

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.894098
Retrieved Text: We have all experienced the frustration and hopelessness that comes with the problems we have to deal with in our life. Sometimes it seems we have thought about the same problem and talked it over so many times, it seems impossible it will ever shift or we will ever be able to change anything about it.
What often happens is that we get so stuck in our thinking and feeling patterns that we literally become blind to finding a solution. What is really needed is a shift in perspective, for us to see something which will help us to find the answer. The "aha" moment, we are all looking for!
There are some great techniques adapted from the Method of Levels approach and from Gestalt Therapy, which can help us to achieve exactly that and get things moving again.
You can use this technique with any problem. Why don't you give it a go? Maybe start with a smaller problem. Have some fun with it and be creative. There is no right or wrong way of doing this.
What you will need to do is to sit down and focus at least 10 minutes entirely on your problem and describe it in as much detail as possible in ways you might never have looked at it previously.
When you have identified a problem, ask yourself the following questions and write down the answers - the more details the better!
Describe your problem in detail - when it happens, where it happens and what exactly happens.
How big is the problem? Is it always

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.891451
Retrieved Text: @GOOD Asks: What Is the Most Socially Unacceptable Thing That You Have No Problem With? @GOOD Asks: What Is the Most Socially Unacceptable Thing That You Have No Problem With?
@GOOD Asks: What Is the Most Socially Unacceptable Thing That You Have No Problem With?
Last week on Twitter and Facebook, we asked our friends: What is the most socially unacceptable thing that you have no problem with? We ask a question to our Twitter and Facebook faithful once a day, so if you’re not yet following @GOOD or a fan, make sure to sign up and participate in the conversation.
This question comes from Al Katkowsky, author of Question of the Day. Thanks for the great questions, Al.
What is the most socially unacceptable thing that you have no problem with?

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.875945
Retrieved Text: "Intelligence is essentially the ability to solve problems"
From a mathematical perspective, what is problem solving? Well, a problem can be considered to be any situation that can be investigated using mathematical methods and analyses, and that involves elements such as number, shape, pattern, equation, and proof, and solving involves finding ways of satisfying the requirements and restrictions in the problem. So, problem solving is finding ways of finding a satisfactory answer in situations that can be investigated using mathematical methods. Problem solving is a significant part of mathematics. It is particularly important as a means of developing logical thinking and critical thinking, which can be used in everyday life.
Well-defined problems have a clear goal, a small set of information to start from, and often present a set of rules or guidelines to follow when solving the problem. Ill-defined problems don't have this sort of information spelled out. While problems found in mathematics textbooks are often well-defined, the problems encountered in everyday life are often not well-defined, and having an approach to tackling those problems is useful.
Understanding the problem: This is the "what" of the problem. What is the unknown? What information is provided? What restrictions are there? Is there enough information? Draw a diagram or other aid to help understand the problem.
Devising a plan: This is the "how" of the problem. Have you seen a similar problem before? If you aren't sure how to solve the problem, can you solve a simpler problem? Can the problem be changed into a similar or logically equivalent problem? Can

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.8628235
Retrieved Text: When I saw this quote, I immediately wondered if perhaps, that is the definition of “smart” – staying with the problem until the answer is found. Maybe many of us who “look smart” don’t necessarily grasp things more quickly, or have a natural knack, but have persistence and perseverance. I love that Einstein, one of the greatest minds of all time, was the one credited with this statement.
Although I am far from Einstein, I could relate to this quote. Many people have asked how I have overcome certain obstacles or created certain processes. It certainly wasn’t a stroke of genius or brilliance or a light bulb flash above my head. But it was “staying with the problem longer.” I know inherently that every problem must have a solution. Our commitment to discovering that solution is what makes the difference.
As we learn to problem solve, our problem-solving skills develop and become stronger. The only thought-pattern required to implementing positive problem-solving skills in your own life is a curious mind and the belief that each problem must have a solution.
Work on increasing your problem-solving skills. Instead of shrinking away from a challenge or problem, realize that each challenge or problem does have a solution – become a detective with the aim of uncovering it. Some solutions can be discovered in a day, some may take months – but the solutions are there. Try writing down a problem you are facing. Then ask yourself questions to begin exploring solutions. Some questions you might try include: How did this problem

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.861939
Retrieved Text: 7 videos in "Exponential Functions"
Description: Be familiar with and recognize the algebraic form for an exponential model, including the corresponding parameters and if those parameters have any meaning in the context of the functional relationship (e.g. does a parameter control the initial value, rate of change (shape), decreasing or increasing (flip), max/min, limiting values, etc.).
Problem Set - A problem set from this lesson.
Problem Set Solutions - Solutions to the problem set form this lesson.
Problem Set 2 With Solutions - A problem set with solutions included for this lesson.
What is an exponential model?
What are the parameters in an exponential model?
What is the difference between a finite / discrete and a continuous exponential function?
How do you find the initial value in an exponential model?
What is the difference between a relative rate and an absolute rate?
How do you calculate the relative rate of an exponential model at a particular time?
What is growth factor for an exponential function and how do you find it?
When does an exponential function increase / grow or decrease / decay?
What happens to D(t) = ab^t when b > 1 or when 0 < b < 1?
What happens to D(t) = ae^kt when k > 0 or when k < 0?
This lesson explains the parameters of an exponential model and what they mean. Relative rate and growth rate of an exponential function is also explained. This is a great introduction to non-linear functions, and the problem sets are very helpful.
Reviewed by MathVids Staff on July 24, 2010.

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.861053
Retrieved Text: Read and understand the problem carefully.
Identify what the problem asked for.
Take note of the data the problem is presenting to you.
Determine the possible process you are going to do and use the applicable data in the problem.
Check if you really answered what the problem asked.
minutes to ride to his work. What time should he get up to get to his work on time?
You should know what time Mr. X would get up in order for him to get to work on time.
What are the data presented in the problem?
What process should we use in order to solve the problem?
from his target time to be able to know what time he should get up.
Now that we know how long he prepares himself, we can now deduct it from the target time which is 8:00 AM.
Therefore, Mr. X should be awake by 6:55 AM so that he can be at work by 8:00 AM.
glasses and on the last week he sold 35 glasses. How many glasses did he sell for 3 weeks?
The problem is asking the total number of glasses of lemonade Sammy sold.
Therefore, Sammy sold 97 glasses of lemonade in three weeks.
nearest grocery along the way which is 5 km from their house. Then they took a 53 km trip to the countryside.
was the countryside from Mr. Rodriguez's house?
The problem wants you to solve how many kilometres is the countryside from the house of Mr. Rodriguez.
We add up the distance from their house to the grocery and from the grocery to the countryside.
Therefore, the distance from the

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.850631
Retrieved Text: ​Sometimes, the problem with a smartphone isn’t obvious. Sure, something is wrong; the sound isn’t right, the display won’t work, the phone won’t charge; but the underlying cause is yet to be seen.
In these cases, Costa Mesa Cell Phone Repair has technicians on hand, ready to diagnose what the problem could be, and more importantly, how to go about fixing it. Our specialists are trained to quickly and efficiently detect problems with both iPhones and Android smartphones, and to diagnose what the root cause of the problem is.
​Once our team of technicians has determined what the problem with your phone is, we take the time to explain to you, in detail, what the problem is and how to go about getting it fixed. We educate our customers on the best possible option to solve their problem, and all the alternatives as well, so that you’re still in control of how you go about getting your phone fixed.

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.848509
Retrieved Text: Explanatory models are the sets of ideas that a person holds about illness. They may relate to its cause, time and mode of onset, nature of the pathology, severity, course and treatment.
Can you tell me more about how you understand your problem or experience?
Do you know anyone else with this problem or experience and can you describe how it affected that person?
Can you tell me what you think caused your problem or experience?
What do people in your family, friends, or others in your community think caused your problem or experience?
What usually happens to people who have this problem or experience?
What do you think is the best way to deal with this kind of problem or experience?
What do your family, friends or others in your community think is the best way to deal with this kind of problem or experience?
Consider these questions when watching James' digital story. James discusses his own experiences and his graphic novel about the inner struggles of a light warrior.
'Psychiatric Superhero' from ‘Finding our way’, James.

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.837016
Retrieved Text: Building strong sales relationships is all about trust and demonstrating how the product/solution will make the customer’s life better. But is traditional selling getting you where you want to go?
If you’re looking to close more business and feeling stuck, try injecting some human-centric problem solving into your sales process.
What is human-centric problem solving?
Human-centric problem solving goes beyond what people say they do. Instead, it looks for what people actually do.
The approach helps you investigate the distinctly human elements that go beyond what sales tools can tell you about a prospect. It can also help you discover the true problem worth solving for the prospect.
Sometimes, you’ll even find a new problem the customer doesn’t even know they have.
This entry was posted in Design, Innovation and tagged Design Thinking, Human-Centric Problem-Solving, Sales. Bookmark the permalink.

================



======= Instance Index 243 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: The meeting starts at eight thirty.

M: We still have thirty minutes.

Question: What time is it now? 

- It's eight o'clock.

- It's eight thirty.

- It's nine forty.

Target Text: It's eight o'clock.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 713 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: They said that the eleven o'clock train was running late again, like before.

W: We arrived at the station at exactly 10:00. However, we've already been waiting for thirty minutes. What time did they say it would arrive?

M: Well, we'll probably have to wait another quarter of an hour.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 10:15.

- 10:30.

- 11:00.

Target Text: 10:30.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 1232 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Would you hurry up? The film starts at 8:00.

W: So we still have one hour to get there.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 7:00.

- 8:00.

- 8:30.

Target Text: 7:00.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 1799 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Hurry up, or we will miss the train. If leaver at 9:20.

M: There is no hurry. We still have 15 minutes to get there.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 9:00

- 9:15

- 9:05

Target Text: 9:05

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 1892 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Can you take me to the Fairyland Railway Station quickly? I'm afraid I won't be in time for my train to Manchester.

M: I'll try. But the traffic is so heavy; it will take at least 15 minutes.

W: OK. In that case I'll still have another 15 minutes left for my nine forty train.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 9:00.

- 9:10.

- 9:40.

Target Text: 9:10.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 2379 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: The meeting starts at eight o'clock.

M: We still have twenty minutes.

Question: What time is it now? 

- It's eight o'clock.

- It's eight twenty.

- It's seven forty.

Target Text: It's seven forty.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 2676 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: What time does the concert begin?

W: At half past eight. There is a quarter of an hour to go.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 8:45

- 8:30

- 8:15

Target Text: 8:15

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 2688 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Would you like to take a walk with me?

M: Oh, I'd like to, but I haven't finished the report on the strike. It's eight o'clock already.

W: Don't worry. Your clock is ten minutes fast.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 7:50.

- 8:00.

- 8:10.

Target Text: 7:50.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 2992 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

Man: Excuse me. I'd like to find out about flights to New York.

Woman: Well, let's see. One just left about five minutes ago; and there's another one at ten.

Man: What time is it, please?

Woman: It's five to eight.

Man: So the plane leaves in about two hours.

Woman: That's right. Have you bought your ticket?

Man: No, I haven't, Can I buy one here?

Woman: I'm afraid you can't. You'd better go to the hooking office.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 10:00.

- 9:55.

- 7:55.

Target Text: 7:55.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 3430 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: What time is your class, Jake?

M: Noon. I've only got fifteen minutes to get there.

W: I can drive you. My next class isn't until a quarter after three.

Question: What time is it now? 

- At 3:15 p.m.

- At 2:45 p.m.

- At 11:45 a.m.

Target Text: At 11:45 a.m.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 3455 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: We are going to be late for the film!

M: Take it easy, we still have time.

W: What time does the film start?

M: At 7:30. We have 45 minutes to get there.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 6:30.

- 6:15.

- 6:45.

Target Text: 6:45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 4293 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: You look very tired. It's time you went to bed, I suppose.

M: No, I don't think so. I never go to bed before nine o'clock.

Question: What time is it now? 

- Before nine.

- Twelve at noon.

- Ten.

Target Text: Before nine.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 4611 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: By the way, do you know what time it is?

W: Well, it's a quarter to two.

M: Oh, I've got to go.

W: See Linda in the library?

M: No. Actually I'm going to meet with Professor Smith at ten past two. You may continue our project discussion with Michael.

W: All right.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 1:45.

- 2:10.

- 2:15.

Target Text: 1:45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 4645 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

F: Well, could you tell me why the library is not open yet?

M: It's not nine yet. We still have a quarter to wait.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 8:45.

- 8:15.

- 9:15.

Target Text: 8:45.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 4956 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Would you hurry up? The play starts at 7:30.

F: We still have 30 minutes to go there.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 7:30.

- 7:00.

- 8:00

Target Text: 7:00.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 5955 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: What time does the party start?

W: At 10: 30. And we have twenty minutes to get there.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 10:30.

- 10:50.

- 10:10.

Target Text: 10:10.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 6023 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I can come to see you again in half an hour. Is it all right?

M: Good. That means you'll be here at ten forty.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 9:30.

- 10:10.

- 10:00.

Target Text: 10:10.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 6094 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: The concert starts at eight thirty. What time is it now?

M: About ten to eight. We must hurry up.

Question: What time is it now? 

- 7:50.

- 8:10.

- 8:30.

Target Text: 7:50.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.438822
Retrieved Text: Z&C: What time is it?
Come on and let me hear you say it now - right now!
CAST: What time is it?
That's what summer's all aboooout!
V: Summer time is finally here!
Z&V: I wanna hear you loud and clear, now!
Comment fais-tu pour mettre des chnsons en articles???
tro tro bien la chanson "what time is it " dan high school musical2!!! en tou cas je te souhaite une bonne continuation pour ton blog car il et gnial!!!
super chanson elle est ossi sur mon blog!!!!

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.386397
Retrieved Text: Numbers 13:20 And what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the fruit of the land. Now the time was the time of the firstripe grapes How is the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees in it or not? Do your best to bring back some of the fruit of the land.” (It was the season for the first ripe grapes.) When Moses sent them off to scout out Canaan, he said, “Go up through the Negev and then into the hill country. Look the land over, see what it is like. Assess the people: Are they strong or weak? Are How is the land, is it fat or lean? Are there trees in it or not? Make an effort then to get some of the fruit of the land.” Now the time was the time of the first ripe grapes. Is the soil fertile or poor? Are there many trees? Do your best to bring back samples of the crops you see.” (It happened to be the season for harvesting the first ripe grapes.) What about the soil? Is it fertile or poor? Are there trees there? Try to bring back some of the fruit from that land.” (It was the season for the first grapes.) and what the land is, whether it is fat or lean, whether there is wood therein, or not. And be ye of good courage, and bring of the

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.336057
Retrieved Text: The heart of this retreat, what we are offering today, is present-moment meditation, which is very simple – simply being present in open awareness, as we are; simply being with what-is, whatever it is – this is what-is meditation. It is truly simple, it is a very natural inherent human capacity, and yet, very often it is not easy for us to simply be; simply being present – it is simple, and yet, sometime it's not easy.
One reason for this is that we are caught in waves of emotions, storms of feelings, strong currents of driving impulses which take us away from what is happening here and now; we are drowning in reactivity, lost in negativity, unable to be present in the present moment. Another reason for this difficulty, the challenge of simply being now, is more subtle, less obvious, and it is also more fundamental and therefore more powerful; and this is our ideas, our thoughts, our notions of who we are and what we are, and what is this world and this life we are living.
But first of all, as today we are learning meditation – it's not easy being now because of our ideas of what is meditation; and therefore this morning, in this talk, I would like to clarify what is present-moment meditation and what may be our ideas of meditation, which are the main obstacle that prevents us from simply being now as we are. We have ideas about "the present moment", notions of "now", and these mislead us to think

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.320465
Retrieved Text: I’ll tell you a secret about me. Maybe those of you who have listened to me over the years can guess what it might be, but maybe not. It is not some earth shattering secret. I am not about to tell you some deep dark secret from my past. Rather it is about the way I approach scripture, and increasingly the way I approach life.
The secret is that I am fascinated by the obscure; by the small; by the almost throw-away lines in the gospels. Sure I love the great passages like the Prologue in John’s Gospel. Yes, I can’t wait morning by morning as we read our way through Genesis or Kings at Morning Prayer to hear what happens next to Joseph or David. Certainly, I relish the parables in Luke and I find great consolation in Paul’s letters. But what fascinates me, what intrigues me, what captures my imagination and holds my attention are not the great stories or the wonderful literary passages but the obscure names, the fleeting references, the tiny two and three and four letter words like “go”, “tell” and today “now”.
“[T]ell his disciples … that he is going ahead of you to Galilee; there you will see him,” says the Angel of the Resurrection to Mary Magdalene that first Easter morning.
Now, now, now, Jesus says.
Something important has happened because, until this moment, Jesus has repeatedly said: “My hour has not yet come”, as he said to his mother at the wedding in Cana and his brothers before the Feast of

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.20638
Retrieved Text: The Church does not have an official teaching on this, and orthodox Catholics take different views.
However, the Church does teach (as we recently saw) that God is eternal—outside of time—and this seems to have implications for the nature of time.
Let’s suppose that presentism is true and that only the present exists.
What would that mean for God’s eternity?
The former is, by definition, changeless, while the latter changes constantly.
At one moment in the temporal now, it’s 8:00 a.m., but a minute later it’s 8:01 a.m., and so forth. At one moment, you’re waking up, at another moment you’re getting out of bed, etc.
How would an eternal, changeless God relate to a constantly changing temporal now, if that is the only moment of time that exists?
Here we run into what strike me as problems. We’ll look at several of them.
If presentism is true then, in the eternal now, God would create time—a single moment (the “temporal now”) which constantly changes, alongside his changelessness.
At the moment of creation, the temporal now is 12:01 a.m.
One minute after creation, the temporal now is 12:02 a.m.
Two minutes after creation, the temporal now is 12:03 a.m.
In the eternal now, God knows that at the first moment of creation it is 12:01 a.m.
He also knows that a minute after creation it is 12:02 a.m.
And he knows that two minutes after creation is 12:03 a.m.
By virtue of his omniscience, in the eternal now, God knows what time it will be at all moments after creation—even if those moments haven’t occurred yet.
Now let’s ask a question: Supposing

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.170047
Retrieved Text: DiZMAJiZ | NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
07 Apr NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!
I was asked “why did you create the design NOT NOW RiGHT NOW!”?
With God’s blessing, each day we live we get 24 hours but what truly separates us is how you use your 86400 seconds [24 hours].
As we live our lives, we take for granted how blessed we are to be here in this moment. TIME is your most precious asset. As much as some of you would like to believe it is money, health, or family, it is time. Time is required to achieve everything. If you intend on earning money, you need time to work so you can earn your wages. If you want to get your health right or maintain your health, it requires time to achieve this goal. So when you realize the importance of time, you should be analyzing those 86400 seconds and maximizing them to the fullest.
4 hours! You pretty much have 4 hours to get all the stuff done that you woke up thinking about today. These 4 hours are not in a nice bundled time slot. They are usually all over the place. You might get 10 minutes here or 15 minutes there. This is not only today but about 80% of your time is like this. So at what point do you start being serious about the importance of your time. Do you continue to waste time reading and posting the latest non-sense on your favorite social network? Do you keep arguing with someone over what happened

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.139392
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this Tub/white. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this METAL BATH TUB as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this White Bathtub/gold Trim to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bathtub, White as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this MURPHY VICT.BATHTUB/MAHOG to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 3pc Victorian Bath/Walnut/cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this White Bathtub. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Galvanized Bathtub as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Waln to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Murphy Vict. Bathtub/Mahog as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Decal White Tub to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.130325
Retrieved Text: Musélan: monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
monday morning musing: What are you waiting for?
‘Til the weekend? ‘Til you retire? ‘Til you have enough time/money/support? Isn’t it time? Toni Morrison wrote her first great novel from scribbles she wrote on scraps of paper, sometimes while standing in line at the grocery store. She was a single mom working full time at the time. President Obama finds time to work out regularly. Oprah came from poverty... What’s your excuse now?
Keep your eye on your goal, whatever it is. Feel it. Smell it. Imagine it right here right now and watch how magically it unfolds before your eyes. The Universe is like that and your heart wants to live its dreams. Time magically opens up, money appears, people come to help, you get greater ideas. It really works. I have seen too many miracles in my own life and the lives of my clients not to believe it. What life are you waiting for? Your life is right now...remember to live it!
REGISTER NOW!: Join me for another round of The Art of Manifesting Your Dreams!
This one has been around for awhile -- it is a goody! It will simply make you smile! Enjoy!

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.124896
Retrieved Text: benow.world – From the watery side of our world; Welcome to the Present. Welcome to MaunaTime.
oh what a beautiful world!
If spacetime is liquid, then like an ocean encirling the world, we are literally soaking in it. All of us. Everywhere. Always.
As the graphic above shows, the mighty mountain island of Hawai’i defines the longitude of Mauna Kea as the Mauna Kea Line (MKL), reorienting us to the center of an ocean-world of spacetime.
With the MKL, there is no need for an Imaginary Date Line. Although it is certainly true longitudes around the world are illuminated by the sun in turn as our world revolves, there is no need for mulitple zones or dates in a world where a shared sense of ‘now’ is easily large enough to encircle and embrace our small watery blue planet.
Our solar system’s family of planets spiral corkscrew in the gravitational wake of our central Sun, as it too cruises thru space around the Milky Way.
We live in evolutionary times… but what about you — are you ready for evolution? Perhaps now might be the perfect moment for you.
Where time was long been thought by many, at least in the materialist traditions of the ‘west’, to be mechanical & metronome, today some are beginning to understand time as elastic, liquid and pulsing. More like music, and less like a machine.
The notion of a clockwork universe needs gears and cogs and spindles. As one turns, so others are effected. Inside this metaphor, everything connects; this pushes, that pulls, and these press. Yet when

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.124379
Retrieved Text: Last changed 22 days ago.
Why NOW and not Today?
that's why they call it "the present."
It is a beautiful, powerful message that has been around for a long time, with different versions said by several people.
After reading one of my all-time favorites, The Power of NOW (amazon) by Eckhart Tolle, I started thinking in terms of "Now" instead of "Today", as it really speaks to the moment-to-moment life we actually live. "Today" includes what has already happened today, and what might happen later today.
The truth is we don't have "Today", we only have this breath, this moment, this "Now". This "Now" is amazing. It is the gift.
The Power of NOW (amazon) is truly a gift that explains this gift.
I also equally recommend what I would call the sequel to The Power of NOW, Practicing the Power of NOW (amazon), by Eckhart Tolle.
NOW is the true gift.

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.102632
Retrieved Text: You will love this White Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washing Machine/red/cb to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Modern Front Load Washer White to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washer/white as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Modern Front Load Washer/wht. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Ultra Contemporary Washer as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Washer/white to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Washing Machine, White/Cb as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Red Washing Machine to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this White Front Load Washing Machine as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.095758
Retrieved Text: For years I had wanted something so badly, I craved it more than I can ever remember wanting anything else. It wasn’t a singular item or want exactly. It was something that I would daydream about though. I would make plans about what I would do with it when I had it and I would imagine what it would be like to have it. Oh, you can bet I dreamed and wished and planned for the elusive, but certain, day when I would have it. When it would be mine.
What was it that I wanted so badly? Time. Time was what I wanted. Not just any old kind of time though. I wanted time to myself. Time that was just for me to use as I wanted. Time that was for my pursuits and dreams and needs – and wants. Selfish time that had only one focus, me.
You see, back then, when that was what I wanted more than anything else, time was a valuable commodity to me. I was a single parent, I had young (and numerous) children and work outside of the home and my own business. Oh, and attempts at a social life in there somewhere as well. Volunteering, community and school commitments aplenty and all of the late night hours that went along with those. My time was given freely and readily to everyone else in my life. I didn’t begrudge the fact that this was my life, in fact I loved it. I thrived on the pace of it all and

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.091066
Retrieved Text: » You want to allow your Core Style to evolve alongside you. Often stuck stylists are ladies who once had their style figured out but then they stuck with it only to find their style no longer fits the person and lifestyle they now embody.
» If you’ve found your Core Style once then you can do it again. I have no doubt in that. But it will take some time and a bit of experimentation to get it just right for who you are now. You don’t have to do everything all at once. You can take on however much you’re comfortable with at a time!
The key for you as a stuck stylist is to let go of what you think you know so you can focus on the present.
Spend some time and attention on clearly articulating who you are now. What is it that you value and want to communicate with your style? What is true about the woman you are now?
Then do the same for the aesthetic you’re drawn to now. It may look similar to what you had before. Or it may look wildly different. There is not a wrong answer here. But you do need to be open to exploring and allowing yourself the freedom to figure out what looks capture your eye now. Without judgment. Without worry as to how they do or don’t compare to your old style.

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.08749
Retrieved Text: Yeah, what value is that? Like the beautiful house built on the sand. The foundation is wrong. It will not look beautiful for very long.
Yes. It’s exactly that. I think it is time for the Lord now. I think it is God’s time now that His vessels, which He has chosen, will have to be perfect. I believe it’s His time to really show the world what the Bride looks like. A time like Finney…I agree with what you said, he had power from God. People were shaking when he came in the room—convicted of sin. It’s no joke. He was a Godly man, but so ignorant about many things.
I said to my wife, “This is why I believe a show of God now exists at its roots…with all the knowledge He has given us, with all the scrolls being opened now,” especially what you are doing now. The Lord is surely expecting us now to be like Finney, but in perfect doctrinal ways—where no one can catch you with “doctrinal error.” No one can judge you because of your external, physical, everyday life. You know what I mean?
Yeah, what God really wants. Do you know what I mean?
Yes. If the Bride has made Herself ready as an equal yoke for Jesus, why would She only have one arm? Or be missing an eye? No, She’s spotless and blameless, without wrinkle. You’re exactly right. Ephesians 5—that’s the Bride He wants, one who is matured and not lacking, having no obvious flaws as in times past.

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.045847
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this FRENCH HORN 2/PK. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this Saxophone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this French Horn W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trombone W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet W/Case to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Flute W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this 4 Inch Large Electric Guitar, Red. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
You will love this Clarinet as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Trumpet to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Trumpet W/Case as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Clarinet 1-5/8in L to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.026708
Retrieved Text: Redecorate and redesign your dollhouse with this CIGAR BOX. Your decor and collection of miniatures will be taken to another level of fabulosity.
You will love this WOODEN BUCKET W/LID as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Wine Glasses Set, 4pc to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
Wine Glasses Set, 4pc from our line of Glasses & Stemware and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Smoking Set as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Cigar Box to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this 2 packs of Camel Cigarettes as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Enhance your dollhouse collection with this Beer Mugs Set, 4pc. Added to your other dollhouse miniatures, it is a complement for a variety of styles and tastes.
Beer Mugs Set, 4pc from our line of Mug and other Miniature Cookware & Dishes.
You will love this Red's Beer Barrel/Walnut as it complements your other miniature dollhouse furnishings. Now is the time to design a great new look!
Adding this Champagne Bucket Tray-W/ Champagne, Ice & Flutes to your miniature collection is just what you need to make your dollhouse a home, and showcase your fabulous taste.
You will love this Bar

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.0192175
Retrieved Text: Task: 1) Ask someone his/her phone number and birthdate, then write the answers down.
2) Tell someone your phone number and your birthday.
Task: Ask what time it is now, listen to the response and write the time down.
Revise how to ask “What time is it now?”, and how to say the time including “AM” and “PM” in Japanese.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.013087
Retrieved Text: are you busy? too busy to read this?
In recent months I have noticed the conversation starter at the coffee machine at work follows a familiar path, when you meet someone you haven’t seen in a while, whoever it may be. Maybe you recognise it? Or maybe you instigate it?
If you’re really busy you might want to stop reading this now.
If you live to an average life expectancy you have a total of around 620,000 hours. Given that we sleep for around a third of that, you have about 410,000 usable hours.
Time is a strange concept though isn’t it? I mean, what is an hour?
I often have the following debate with my wife when the clocks change – she’ll say something like “We gain an hour this week-end” and I’ll respond, “No we don’t, it’s just that what we call it has changed. Six o’clock is now known as five o’clock.” The Earth, Moon and Sun still move in the same harmonious rhythm. We still have the same amount of time in our lives. What we call the time is just that, it’s what we call it.
And we can call ourselves busy. Too busy to spend a few minutes on someone or something that is really important to us.
What matters most is how you use your time; those precious hours that are in short supply.
When was the last time you simply did something you love?
The last time you were kind to yourself?
The last time you carried out a random act of kindness?
The last time you stopped and

########
Rank: 18
Score: 8.993035
Retrieved Text: Unknown Unknown: Time in Mutiple Dimensions.
I was going through yesterdays post and gosh it was incoherent. Now I will put it in simple words what I was targeting at. I am talking of multidimensional time. Makes sense. No!! May be you need to exercise your grey cells a bit.
Am I excited, you bet I am all over this multi dimensional time. What does that mean in to us who are used to considering time as a parameter. In the existing setup we move in time at a pace that we have no control of, in a direction that we don't control. To understand this in actual significance, how will you fee if you can move only in one direction and at a definite speed, without any freedom to turn or freak around. That is exactly the life that we are leading.
Now, just like our perceived freedom in 3 dimensions of space, if we were to have freedom in time? What we can achieve is amazing. For every present that you perceive there are infinite presents that give rise to infinite futures and infinite pasts. The definition of future, past and present is itself at stake. To take a simple analogy, in space your current position is here, now what is forward to you is what you face, what you cannot see consists your back. Now if you do an about turn your back becomes front and vice versa.
The same applies to time in multi dimension, just as all the spaces exist at same time, all times

########
Rank: 19
Score: 8.987622
Retrieved Text: These days, far too many people get caught up in the “Why Me” syndrome.
Whining and crying about how life isn’t fair.
If that’s you…STOP IT…the world backs winners.
The best question might then be…How to be a winner more often?
Here’s one way…choose to embrace a “Now What” mindset.
Something bad has happened…Now What?
Things don’t go your way…Now What?
Fall flat on your face…Now What?
Cry for a while if you must…it clears the heart.
Sulk for a while if you need…it gives you time to warm your brain.
But…sooner than later, get to the “Now What” question.
Bad is never good until you make it good…so.
Get to it…say it with me…Now What?
Most everyone is backing you when you’re striving be a winner!
Just think about it…Now What?
You can do it…today…right now…you’ll eventually come out winning and the world will be cheering for you!

########
Rank: 20
Score: 8.986715
Retrieved Text: you are we and we are thee.
“Stand tall. Speak your truth and be yourself. Hold to what you know and step into your power. The evil you see needs to be named. Name it! Call it for what it is. Many refuse to name it; and many more refuse to recognize it for what it is–evil. There are even those who pretend that what is taking place in the world today is not important. Do not do as they do,” the Grandmothers shook their heads.
“Speak the truth. Even when others deny the truth, you must speak it. Speak it clearly and speak it kindly. Do not threaten or shout and at the same time, do not equivocate. Never make excuses for yourself and never make or accept excuses for anyone else. Each of you is responsible for your every thought, word and action. Each one will have to answer to a higher power, so do not “play it safe” now and tarnish your character. Speak the truth and do not hold back. Now is the time for integrity. Now is the time for courage.

########
Rank: 21
Score: 8.971829
Retrieved Text: We are all guilty of thinking we have a perfect memory. Fact is, everyone forgets. Example, have you ever thought to yourself: “Wish I could remember which dock I caught that 5 pounder from?” Or: “Wish I could remember what color jig I used last fall when we really got into them good?” One question I ask myself all the time is: “I caught a ton last week. Why are they not biting now?” The memory is the first thing to go, so stop wasting your precious time on the water. Stop wishing for a better memory, instead, spend more time fishing by keeping a logbook! Make your time on the water as productive as possible. A logbook is just the thing your faulty memory needs. After all, the main purpose of a logbook is to keep a record of the conditions when each fish was caught so your brain doesn’t have to. Perfect!
This is my New Year’s resolution. I’m gonna start a logbook tomorrow. Sounds great! …… (silence) ….. (crickets) ….. (silence) ….. Where the heck do I start? Deciding is the first step. It shows you want to catch more fish. Then, discipline. It takes a good deal of discipline to stick with keeping a paper logbook for any real length of time AND keeping it with you. Finally, content. What do you want to keep track of and how often do you want to track it? Do you want to track location? What about weather conditions? Water conditions? Tackle? Structure? The possibilities seem

########
Rank: 22
Score: 8.95949
Retrieved Text: Is Your 60-SECOND COMMERCIAL Helping or Hurting You?
I attended a local Chamber of Commerce meeting recently to do some networking. Of course, the question most often asked of me, and the one I always asked of others was, “What do you do?” While I was prepared to answer that question with my 60-Second Commercial, many I talked with were not. There were some answers to that question that left me confused as to what they did, and others who went on and on until I zoned out.
When was the last time you checked your 60-Second Commercial, or your mini bio for clarity, conciseness and simplicity? If you do not already have this important career tool, now is the time to get one – I can help you put one together.
This quote was brought to my attention on the internet – I’m not sure who said it. However, I do really like the message.
This is another quote I have posted in my office – ‘If It Is To Be, It’s Up To Me“.
Basically, they both have the same message. We have to take charge of our own life, no one is going to do it for us.
I remember being down and having a pity party of one, wishing my life would be drastically different – hoping the magic genie would come to my aid and make everything perfect without me having to do anything. Can any of you relate to this?
Unfortunately, when I did nothing, nothing in my life changed. Imagine that. It wasn’t until I decided

########
Rank: 23
Score: 8.944954
Retrieved Text: 1) It is a greasy spoon.
NOTE2: It means that it is a third-rate restaurant.
2) Just to be on the safe side.
NOTE2: It means that it is for the sake of safety.
-Let's go to that greasy spoon near our company.
-What? You want to go there?
-Why? Aren't you hungry? Though that restaurant is not so clean, the food is cheap.
-I know, but do you know what time it is?
-What time? It is 12 o'clock.
-I mean now it is the time of SARS.
-Wow, I almost forgot it.
-Just to be on the safe side, let's have bread for lunch.
-Ok, We are really poor fish now!
S1. It is a small restaurant run by the husband and wife. The dishes are cheap and delicious there. What kind of restaurant is it?
S2. Why does an acrobat(杂技演员) often tie a steel wire around his waist when he is giving the performance?
S3. It is time for dinner. We are planning to go to a restaurant, but we don't have enough money in our pockets. What should we do?

########
Rank: 24
Score: 8.93367
Retrieved Text: To be successful, you have to __________ [Insert foolproof idea here].
The question however is, does it work for you?
Because let’s face it – working hard at a job you hate, making big bucks, taking a vacation, driving a sports car might look like living a successful life to some, but not necessarily everyone.
It’s pretty amazing to see how many people equate success with making more money.
In reality, these are the very people who often are miserable, unhappy and confused about their real purpose.
Turns out we need a new way to define success. It’s about living a deeper, and not faster, life.
It starts with doing what makes you happy, although that may not necessarily make you rich instantly. You are more likely to be rich if you are happy but not the other way around.
Take startups for example. There were 500,000+ entrepreneurs who launched a new business in 2012 knowing fully well that only a handful will reach the fame of people such as Zuckerberg, for example.
But those numbers don’t dissuade these business owners to keep going year after year – clearly, they are being driven by something more than money.
So what is your “something”? What drives you? What does success mean to you?
To answer that question, we all need some inspiration from time to time.
If success came easy, we wouldn’t appreciate it. The hard work makes it so appealing. If you are avoiding doing certain things because they are hard, boring or time consuming, time to get off the fence and just do it!
And what better

########
Rank: 25
Score: 8.931773
Retrieved Text: A clock is so placed that at 12 noon minute hand points towards North-East. Which direction hour hand point at 1.30 PM?
Can you find out the angle between the minute hand and the hour hand at 3:15 on an analog clock?
Length of minute hand of a clock is 14cm & hour hand is 10cm, difference of distance covered by the tip these in 15min?
What is the angle between the two hands of a clock when the time shown by the clock is 5:30 p.m.?
A clock was correct at midnight. From that moment it began to lose four minutes per...........what is the correct time?
A clock is started at noon. By 20 minutes past 4, the hour hand has turned through how many degrees?
Clock is set correctly at 1pm and loses three min every hour. What will clock read when correct time is l0am next day?
What will be the actual time when the clock indicates 1 p.m. on the 6th day?
How many times in 24 hours are the hands of a clock at right angles to one another?
In any day before noon how many times is the sum of the digits of the time equal to 15?
What is the time difference, in minutes, between Mia's clock and the correct time of midnight on Thursday the same week?
The reflection of a clock shows 3.55 (five to four), what time is it really ?
On a regular 12-hour digital clock how many times would the same three digits in a row be displayed in one day?
What is the length and direction

########
Rank: 26
Score: 8.87672
Retrieved Text: It is said that the river is never the same. Every moment it changes. The river that was there the last moment is not what it is now. The water that was there has changed. This philosophical thought alludes to the fact that time goes on and it brings with it changes in everything around us. Life is not the same ever again. But we never realize this change. We always postpone our dreams, our happiness. Because at the moment we are busy with something that we feel is important and essential. We brush away for later, what we wish to do.
Steve Jobs, the iconic genius behind the Apple brand of products, was dying of cancer. It is said that he regretted that in life he had everything, yet he could not pursue several of his cherished dreams. No one knows when life will be snatched away from us. No one knows when our time would come. The only regret that we have at the end is; not doing what we have always wanted to. Why do we postpone our happiness to some point in future? Why do we regret and wish for the past which we find was wonderful? The reason is; we never live in the present. The time to be happy is, now! The time to fulfill our dreams and wishes is, Now! Start feeling happy this very moment. Feel the happiness course through your veins, now. No one will give you the gift of time, apart from the one that you are

########
Rank: 27
Score: 8.868048
Retrieved Text: What you think you see now is composed of many images, that as rays of light have travelled each their own distance in time before they are picked up by your eyes and transferred to the brain, which compiles them into one image that you think you see now. In an image like this, for example, the sun is about eight minutes older than the palm trees in the front of the image, as it takes the light eight minutes to travel from the sun to the Earth. Everything in between the palm trees and the sun is between a split second and eight minutes old. And the completed image is even older because it takes time for the brain to compile all the past images into one image. In other words, the brain deceives you into believing you are experiencing now, while it is nothing but the past that you are experiencing. Photo © Alexius Jorgensen.
If you look at the sun in this very moment, you do not see how it looks now but eight minutes ago, as this is the time it takes for the light to travel from the sun to your eyes. In other words, what you think you see now is the past.
As the distance to the stars is much bigger, it takes so long time for their images reach you, that they may not even be there, you experience to see them now. And those appearances, that seem close to you, have also travelled in time, so they are from

########
Rank: 28
Score: 8.85939
Retrieved Text: 1. WERE YOU NAMED AFTER ANYONE? Not really my first name wasn’t but my middle name is the same as my moms.
2. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU CRIED? Probably like a week ago, and it had to have been about nothing because I don’t remember it.
9. WOULD YOU BUNGEE JUMP? I don’t think so I don’t like getting whip lash, but I would totally sky dive!
10. WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE CEREAL? Right now…cinnamon life.
11. DO YOU UNTIE YOUR SHOES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM OFF? Ya most of the time.
16. WHAT IS THE LEAST FAVORITE THING ABOUT YOURSELF? Um right now my hair, it is driving me crazy and wont grow fast enough.
18. DO YOU WANT EVERYONE TO SEND THIS BACK TO YOU? Yes, it's fun.
23. FAVORITE SMELLS? My hair after I wash it with mango coconut shampoo, Matts cologne, grass after it is cut, spring time blossoms, good food cooking, and cookies cooking!
25. DO YOU LIKE THE PERSON WHO SENT THIS TO YOU? Yes and I am so glad that after a really long time we found each other!
35. HUGS OR KISSES? When we were dating kissing, now I like to hug and snuggle.
36. FAVORITE DESSERT? Ice cream, cookies, brownies um anything with sugar basically.
40. WHAT IS ON YOUR MOUSE PAD? I have a laptop...no mousepad here.
45. DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL TALENT? Bassoon, I haven’t played in a long time though so it probably isn’t a talent anymore!
47. IF YOU COULD GO ANYWHERE WHERE WOULD IT BE? Anywhere but here! But I would love

########
Rank: 29
Score: 8.855854
Retrieved Text: I've been reading a book called "The Power of Now" by Eckhart Tolle. It's not lite reading. I'm not sure even what made me buy it several months ago. I loaded it on my MP3 player a recently and what I've heard has been fascinating.
What I've learned is this: you do not exist except in the "Now". The past is a thread to what you experienced in the past - one moment at a time. The future is a "now moment" yet to be experienced. All you have is Now. You cannot go back and change the past nor can you go forward and change the future. All you have is Now.The author suggests ways to get to "Now" by using meditation and other techniques and by doing so, filter the chatter of the mind. I've experimented with the techniques and have had some success though it is not easy, it has been rewarding.Yesterday I went for a walk to get my daily exercise. I focused on my breathing and my steps. Each time my mind tried to wander to something I need to do, or something I should have done, I forced it back to the task at hand...which was walking. I struggled at first, but then my mind acquiesced and allowed me to focus on walking. Somehow the sky seemed bluer and the clouds appeared to be 3-D rather than the flat uninteresting picture you get with a cursory glance. I saw birds scurrying through bushes and trees and heard them more clearly than

================



======= Instance Index 2545 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: This is River Street. What number do you want to go to?

W: Let me get off there in front of that tree? That's fine.

Question: What is the man? 

- A waiter.

- A taxi driver.

- A conductor.

Target Text: A taxi driver.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 2686 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Why don't you sit down? Now, there are several questions I must ask you if you don't mind.

M: Not at all. Go ahead.

W: What is the purpose of your visit to the States?

M: I'm going to attend a conference on air pollution.

W: When and where is this conference being held?

M: It's being held in the first two weeks of February at the University of Stanford in California.

W: Who will pay your expenses?

M: The University of Stanford. Here is the official letter of invitation.

W: I see. Fine. When do you want to go?

M: I'd like to leave in mid-January if my passport is ready by then.

W: That shouldn't be difficult. Why don't you phone me about January 10th? I should be able to give you an answer then.

M: Thank you.

Question: What is the man? 

- A scientist.

- A writer.

- A traveler.

Target Text: A scientist.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 3017 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: It's nothing very serious. Just take the medicine much more.

F: Thank you very much.

Question: What is the man? 

- A teacher.

- A doctor.

- A shop-assistant.

Target Text: A doctor.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 3332 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: Hello, it is Carol, isn't it?

W: Oh. Mike! Oh, my goodness! I haven't seen you for ages.

M: Nice to see you after all these years. What've you been doing?

W: Well, I've tried many things after we left school. Now I'm working for a large oil company, er ... in charge of sales mainly. I travel a lot.

M: Oh, that's great. You must really enjoy that.

W: Oh, I do. Yeh, yeh, it's lovely. It's quite tiring though. But what about you, Mike? What do you do?

M: I'm working in a law firm. Practicing business law, you know.

W: Oh, that's interesting.

M: And I'm happy doing what I do.

W: Good.

M: It's great to see you. We must get together some time.

W: Yes, we should. Look, give me your address and phone number. Em... I got my book here. OK, and then I'll give you a ring and we can fix something up.

Question: What is the man? 

- A company manager.

- A salesman.

- A lawyer.

Target Text: A lawyer.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 3638 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

M: What happened?

W: Well, my husband left for work at 7:30. A few minutes later, somebody broke into the house. I guess he thought the house was empty.

M: Where were you?

W: I was still in bed. I heard something in the living room, so I went downstairs. And there was this man, putting money into his briefcase. I guess I surprised him. He ran out of the front door and I ran after him.

M: It's good he didn't have a gun.

W: You said it. Well, he fell down the steps and broke his leg. That's when I called you.

M: We've been looking for this man. In the past two weeks, he has broken into 20 homes in this area.

Question: What is the man? 

- A guide.

- A houseman.

- A policeman.

Target Text: A policeman.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 3653 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: Oh man, what's wrong with your eyes? Did you get into a fight?

M: Oh, do they look terrible? I stayed up all night to do homework.

Question: What is the man? 

- A student.

- A teacher.

- A doctor.

Target Text: A student.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



======= Instance Index 3939 =========
Input Text: Read the following conversation and answer the question.

W: I want a ticket to London, please. Second class.

M: Single or return?

Question: What is the man? 

- A ticket seller.

- A passenger.

- A writer.

Target Text: A ticket seller.

#### Retrieved Documents ####

Rank: 0
Score: 9.603945
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The superior man loves his soul; the inferior man loves his property. The superior man always remembers how he was punished for his mistakes; the inferior man always remembers what presents he got. The superior man is liberal toward others' opinions, but does not completely agree with them; the inferior man completely agrees with others' opinions, but is not liberal toward them. The superior man is firm, but does not fight; he mixes easily with others, but does not form cliques. The superior man blames himself; the inferior man blames others. The superior man is always candid and at ease with himself or others; the inferior man is always worried about something. A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake."

########
Rank: 1
Score: 9.576695
Retrieved Text: The Idle Man corporate headquarters HQ office address, contact number, fax number, telephone number, official website and email ids is listed here with other related contact information of The Idle Man corporate head office address and registered, mailing or postal and physical office address, etc.
Inside this article, the users can also get other contact details of The Idle Man HQ address including The Idle Man customer service phone number and The Idle Man toll-free helpline number or The Idle Man customer service email address.
How to contact The Idle Man Headquarters: The Idle Man team offers extensive customer support through its array of customer services. All the details regarding the The Idle Man corporate contact details have been shared here for the benefit of the customers. These include the The Idle Man corporate contact phone number, The Idle Man HQ addresses; The Idle Man email ID and much more.
Here in this article, we will be sharing all important contact information and phone numbers of The Idle Man corporate and main offices. The Idle Man corporate support is maybe available in 24 hours or office timing to handle the entire customer’s queries, complaints and suggestions on call as well. The Idle Man customer service support team will answer all the queries and provide them with appropriate solutions.
What we shared?:- we will be sharing some contact details of The Idle Man corporate office address which will be the answers to the queries like how to contact The Idle Man customer care executives, what is the office phone number of

########
Rank: 2
Score: 9.4899235
Retrieved Text: Posted October 18th, 2018 by Ken Flavell.
There is less agreement upon its use as a title, as when it is seems to be used for an eschatological (end time) figure. It is more likely to have been interpreted as a title after its translation into Greek. In this study we will try to dispel some of the fog that surrounds this term.
Note the lack of response when Jesus uses it, i.e. there is no mystery, no question.
Mt. & Lk follow what source document?
What would account for its omission by Mt.12:8 & Lk ?
What would account for Mt.12:5-7?
Who is criticised in Mk.2:25 and parallels?
What kind of answer does Jesus give in response?
What is the Sabbath? Wo originated it? Why?
What do you hear Jesus saying in Mk.2:27?
Do you think it is authentic?Why? Note: New Testament scholar Rudolph Bultmann says this verse is an example of something too radical for Mt & Lk to include.
Is Jesus appealing to his own authority of an inherent principle?
Note: Jesus of the Gospels is a ‘genetic’ thinker rather than an original thinker; i.e. he goes back to the beginnings: back to tradition, to law.
Does Jesus make human beings the measure of all things? Himself?
This is an issue of the riskiness of individual responsibility vs. the security of laws.
If it is authentic, then what does ‘Son of Man’ represent?
Codex in Lk says, “Blessed are you if you know what you are doing; cursed if you do not.” I.e., it is a demand for consciousness.
What does Mt.12:5-7 do to the implied meaning of Son of

########
Rank: 3
Score: 9.4404745
Retrieved Text: man cave essentials must have man cave accessories man cave decor essentials every must have.
man cave essentials man cave essentials what every man cave should have.
man cave essentials man cave paint ideas new man cave paint ideas elemental but essentials a large.
man cave essentials looking to build the perfect area to harbor your sanity and privacy fellas we all need that space we can go to in or to do what we want relax.
man cave essentials man cave essentials in home bar.
man cave essentials popular man cave bar this finished basement man cave uses space man cave pictures popular man essentials for a cigar smoking man cave.
man cave essentials there are certain man cave essentials to have that is not everything man caves need here is our list of essential items you need to create the ultimate.
man cave essentials man cave essentials somewhere to put your feet up.
man cave essentials top 5 man cave essentials.
man cave essentials essentials for a man cave.
man cave essentials home leisure.
man cave essentials man cave essential items football season man cave essentials everyday.
man cave essentials slideshow l.
man cave essentials source a man cave.
man cave essentials ultimate man cave essentials panda stew.
man cave essentials home theater speaker system.
man cave essentials man cave essentials.
man cave essentials man cave essentials scotch beer gift basket.
man cave essentials a man cave beer cave.
man cave essentials a pool table is a must in the ultimate man cave click the pin to see what other essentials we think you must have.
man cave essentials man cave.

########
Rank: 4
Score: 9.426674
Retrieved Text: What makes a man? Is a man one who has physical strength and might? Is a man one that never cries or shows concern about anything? Is a man one that doesn’t allow his feelings to show? Is a man one who has all the right answers and makes all the right choices? The answer to all of these questions is a firm no!
What makes a man is his character- Who he serves, what he says, the way he treats others, his actions, the example he sets, and his word. I believe that although the question stated in Psalm 15 is, “Lord, who shall abide in thy tabernacle”, it could have just as well been, “Lord, what makes a man?” This Scripture, as short as it may be, is a profound description of what a man is made of.
Verse 2: A man should do what is right and honorable in the eyes of the Lord. His word should be his bond. He should only open his mouth to speak the truth and do it in a loving manner.
Verse 3: Nothing a man says should tear down or degrade anyone. His words should be those of kindness, instruction, and godly guidance. Praises should ooze from his lips like honey. He should do wrong to no one or be a burden to anyone. Instead, he should be on the lookout for every opportunity to lend a helping hand.
Verse4: He should have nothing to do with vileness. He should not associate with other men whose character is not of

########
Rank: 5
Score: 9.376543
Retrieved Text: Are you a man? A manly man? A man’s man? A running man?
What the hell is a man these days? Award winning man comedian Javier Jarquin explores changing ideals of manliness from what is projected and the not so manly truth.
Now the Edinburgh Fringe Festival is over, check back here for more ‘Hombre al Dente’ dates!

########
Rank: 6
Score: 9.365815
Retrieved Text: Charles Darwin’s theory of evolution is universally accepted as the truth. Life has evolved and there is neither a doubt nor a question about that. The theory indicates that the intelligence in life has evolved the species found in life.
This indicates that every characteristic and functional feature of living species has undoubtedly and without a question of doubt evolved. One of the characteristic features of a human being is his longing for freedom.
Man has longed for freedom since aeons of time. Since aeons of time man is not certain what freedom is or could be, but nevertheless every man and woman longs for freedom.
Charles Darwin’s theory indicates that even the longing for freedom needs to evolve if man could taste his longing for freedom. But man has no control over evolution to be able to direct it or to shape it.
Evolution proceeds continuously, spontaneously, uncontrollably and unpredictably. This implies that evolution is a process that will unfold the way it is meant to unfold and man has no say in it.
But man strives to achieve freedom. This implies that striving to achieve freedom has evolved in man. How could man understand this feature of evolution?
Man could understand this feature when he understands that even the feature of understanding evolves as well. When understanding evolves man understands that it is impossible for man to achieve freedom.
Man understands that it is impossible to achieve because everything is what it is meant to be due to evolution and cannot be other than what it is meant to be in

########
Rank: 7
Score: 9.352362
Retrieved Text: Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs 2019- Facts, Rumors and the latest Gossip.
Ant-Man (Scott Lang) FAQs: Facts, Rumors, Birthdate, Net Worth, Sexual Orientation and much more!
Who is Ant-Man? Biography, gossip, facts?
Scott Lang is a fictional character featured in the American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the second superhero character to use the name Ant-Man in the Marvel Universe following the original Dr. Henry Pym. Lang is a reformed thief and an electronics expert.
Is Ant-Man still alive? Are there any death rumors?
Yes, as far as we know, Ant-Man is still alive. We don't have any current information about Ant-Man's health. However, being younger than 50, we hope that everything is ok.
What is Ant-Man's real name?
Ant-Man's full given name is Ant-Man.
Are there any books, DVDs or other memorabilia of Ant-Man? Is there a Ant-Man action figure?
We would think so. You can find a collection of items related to Ant-Man right here.
Who are similar fictional characters to Ant-Man?
Cavewoman, Crossbones (comics), Doctor Minerva, Horde (comics) and Maxam are fictional characters that are similar to Ant-Man. Click on their names to check out their FAQs.
What is Ant-Man doing now?
Supposedly, 2019 has been a busy year for Ant-Man (Scott Lang). However, we do not have any detailed information on what Ant-Man is doing these days. Maybe you know more. Feel free to add the latest news, gossip, official contact information such as mangement phone number, cell phone number or email address, and your questions below.
Is Ant-Man hot or not?
Well, that is up to you to decide! Click the "HOT"-Button if you

########
Rank: 8
Score: 9.346959
Retrieved Text: The marvellous Decorations : Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views prior, is a part of 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures article, which is sorted inside the Decorations Design grouping.
Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views photo earlier mentioned, is labelled as what color to paint my man cave discussion, then room ideas for guys discussion, along with ikea room ideas topic, and what does a man cave need issue, besides room design ideas discussion, .
So don't forget about to look through the foremost article 20 Man Room Ideas Best Furniture Design, Decor And Pictures when you need to see the exact whole write-up.
Surely can be recognized around section particularly what does a man cave need subject matter, also room design ideas theme, plus what color to paint my man cave topic, besides room ideas bedroom subject, along with room ideas for guys topic, plus Inspiring Garage Decors As Man Cave Whether Man Room Ideas Added Sport Car And Tool Kits Storage Views is set up with all amazing 26 snapshots that's got 54 percentage on the actual star or rating decent alongside 144 online surfers so far. Thereof, only just easy to go to all the thumbnails below and then we thrilled you to enjoy your choosing by all the exceptional thing of beauty.

########
Rank: 9
Score: 9.337531
Retrieved Text: A very self-important young man goes out and buys what he believes is the best car available: a 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It is one of the fastest and most expensive cars in the world.
That night, he takes it out for a spin and, while doing so, stops at a red light. An old man on a mo-ped (both looking about 90 years old) pulls up next to him. The old man looks over the sleek, shiny surface of the car and asks, "What kind of car ya' got there, sonny?"
The young man replies, "A 1997 Porsche 911 Turbo. It cost me $100,000."
"That's a lot of money," replies the old man. "Why do they cost so much?"
"Because this car can do up to 180 miles an hour!" states the young man proudly.
The mo-ped driver asks, "Can I take a look inside?"
So the old man pokes his head in the window and looks around. Leaning back on his mo-ped, the old man says, "That's a pretty nice car, all right!"
Just then the light changes, so the young guy decides to show the old man what his car can do. He floors it, and within 10 seconds the speedometer reads 120 MPH. Suddenly, he notices a dot in his rear view mirror that seems to be getting closer! He slows down to see what it could be and suddenly, whhhoooossshhh! Something whips by him, going much faster!
"What on earth could be going faster than my Porsche 911 Turbo?" the young man asks himself. Then, ahead of him, he

########
Rank: 10
Score: 9.336748
Retrieved Text: Speaking of the Lord's return, the Lord Jesus said, "Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not" (Luke 12: 40). "For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation" (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"? In what way will the Lord Jesus make His return? This short film will disclose the truth to you.
[post_excerpt] => Christian Short Film: Many prophecies mention "the Son of man comes" or "the coming of the Son of man," so what exactly is meant by "the coming of the Son of man"?
Speaking of the Lord’s return, the Lord Jesus said, “Be you therefore ready also: for the Son of man comes at an hour when you think not” (Luke 12: 40). “For as the lightning, that lightens out of the one part under heaven, shines to the other part under heaven; so shall also the Son of man be in his day. But first must he suffer many things, and be rejected of this generation” (Luke 17:24-25). These prophecies mention “the Son of man comes” or “the coming of the Son of man,” so what exactly is meant by “the coming

########
Rank: 11
Score: 9.334194
Retrieved Text: Alienation personified. This is not a member of the Blue Man Group, they have eyes; they are primary blue where this man is cyan. A negative red man, a cold man, a washed out blue man. This man has a connector in the top of his head for feeding thoughts in or sucking them out; for control. This man has a mouth but cannot see; what is he not allowed to know, what can he not bare to know?

########
Rank: 12
Score: 9.333884
Retrieved Text: e converse com um amigo sobre o que fez no fim de semana.
Aqui, o Chuck se apresenta para uma aula e passa suas informações pessoais – nome, email, telefone – para uma funcionária da escola.
[Chuck] Hi, I’m Chuck. I’m here for the class.
[woman] Oh, hello! How are you?
[Chuck] Good thanks. How are you?
[woman] I’m fine. So… what’s your last name?
[woman] Woods… OK. And what’s your phone number Mr. Woods?
[Chuck] Area code 201, 348, 9043.
[Chuck] No, it is actually 9043.
[woman] 9043, got it. And what’s your email?
[woman] Thank you, Mr. Woods.
Aqui, duas pessoas conversam sobre hábitos e o que eles fazem todo dia: o que comem, que hora saem, chegam, o que fazem no trabalho, etc.
[woman] So tell me about your routine. What time do you usually wake up?
[man] I usually wake up around 7.
[man] No. No alarm clock.
[woman] And then… you have breakfast.
[man] Well, I usually take a shower first and get dressed. Then, I have breakfast.
[woman] Do you have coffee or milk for breakfast?
[man] No, I don’t, actually. I don’t like coffee, and I really don’t like milk.
[woman] So what do you have for breakfast?
[man] I usually have a slice of bread and a glass of juice.
[woman] Ok. And that’s around 7:30..
[man] Yeah, 7:30. Then I brush my teeth, grab my suitcase and go to the bus stop.
[woman] So you take the bus to work every day.
[man] Yeah, every day. I arrive at the office around 8:15, and I work all morning.
[woman] What do you do at work?
[man] I write reports, I send many emails,

########
Rank: 13
Score: 9.31853
Retrieved Text: 2. Where do the Old Man and Old Woman live?
3. Which of the following does the Old Man say his occupation is?
4. Who is the first guest?
5. What is interesting about the Orator?
6. The theatrical movement that Ionesco spearheaded was which of the following?
7. What shape is the stage of The Chairs?
8. Who do the Old Man and Old Woman pay their respects to before committing suicide?
9. What does the audience do after the Orator leaves?
10. With whom was the Old Man once in love?
11. What does the Old Woman often ask the Old Man to imitate?
12. What does the Old Woman do after the room is filled?
13. Who is invited to the message?
14. In what city does the Old Man's story take place?
15. What famous play by Samuel Beckett came out in the same year as The Chairs?

########
Rank: 14
Score: 9.307143
Retrieved Text: 159. But it is not easy to perceive how the case is with these things unless the state of the celestial man is understood. In the celestial man the internal man is distinct from the external, indeed so distinct that the celestial man perceives what belongs to the internal man, and what to the external, and how the external man is governed through the internal by the Lord. But the state of the posterity of this celestial man, in consequence of desiring their Own, which belongs to the external man, was so changed that they no longer perceived the internal man to be distinct from the external, but imagined the internal to be one with the external, for such a perception takes place when man inclines to his Own.

########
Rank: 15
Score: 9.306725
Retrieved Text: Philosophy of Man Multiple Choice Quiz. This test covers various topics in the Philosophy of Man including philosophical search and methods, philosophical views, and other famous philosophers. You may reuse this for student assessment purposes.
It is basically and primarily the means or procedure made up of reflection or reflective thinking.
It is a philosophical method in which reasoning or thought is the fundamental factor in attaining knowledge.
What method is utilized when valued over reason are the immediate sensation and intense feelings aroused by the nature?
All knowledge are acquired through observation and experience inferred from the data by our sense organs.
It is the study of methods employed in an organized discipline.
In what view, man is considered a descendant of simple form of life or a single-cell organism?
In this view on the fundamental nature, man is the highest form of life whose being and activities are determined by the same laws that govern all other matter.
What modern view in philosophy considers man as a being without freedom and choice to determine the kind of being he would because of the mental structures and environmental influences that affect him?
The concept that man is made up of body, soul, and spirit is in adherence to what philosophical view?
The answer is not yet found but the conviction is reached.
It is an inquiry into man and his dimensions as a person and as existent being in the world.
Among these philosophers, who supported the view that man is part of nature, and since nature is good, man, too, is considered good?
What theory or principle

########
Rank: 16
Score: 9.299142
Retrieved Text: 913. That they may spread themselves over the earth. That this signifies the operation of the internal man on the external, and that "being fruitful" signifies increasings of good, "multiplying" increasings of truth, and "upon the earth" in the external man, is evident from the connection of the things, and also from what has been before said and shown about the signification of "being fruitful" which in the Word is predicated of goods, and about that of "multiplying" which is predicated of truths. That "earth" signifies the external man has likewise been shown before; so that we need not dwell longer on these significations in order to confirm them. Here the subject is the operation of the internal man on the external after the man has been regenerated, showing that good is for the first time made fruitful, and truth multiplied, when the external man has been reduced to correspondence or obedience. This can never be so before, because what is corporeal opposes what is good, and what is sensuous opposes what is true, the one extinguishing the love of good, and the other extinguishing the love of truth. The fructification of good and the multiplication of truth take place in the external man; the fructification of good in his affections, and the multiplication of truth in his memory. The external man is here called "the earth" over which they spread themselves, and upon which they become fruitful and multiply.

########
Rank: 17
Score: 9.29848
Retrieved Text: God's answer to everything, God's explanation of everything, and God's means of realizing everything is a Man, "the man Christ Jesus." When this world has run its evil course, this inhabited earth will be judged in a Man. Men will be judged by what their inward relationship is to that Man. The question at the judgment will never be of how much good or bad, right or wrong, more or less, is in a man; it will turn upon this one point, "Are you in Christ?" If not, more or less makes no difference. God's intention, God's proclamation is that all things are in His Son. Are you in Him? Why not? The basis of judgment is very simple. It is all gathered up in a Man, and what is in that Man of God for us. That is the basis of judgment. It all comes back to the very simple, and yet comprehensive and blessed truth, that it is what Christ is that satisfies God, reaches God's end, and meets all our need. It is all summed up in a Man, "the man Christ Jesus."
The Lord continue to open our eyes to His glorious and Heavenly Man, Who is also the Divine Servant.

########
Rank: 18
Score: 9.294472
Retrieved Text: What Time Does 'Alan Carr: Chatty Man' Come On Tonight?
What Time Does ‘Alan Carr: Chatty Man’ Come On Tonight On Channel 4?
New Alan Carr: Chatty Man episode airs tonight. So what time does it start? What channel is it on? And how can you watch it? We will answer all of these questions below.
This post has the most up-to-date information on the status of Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 as we continuously monitor the news to keep you updated.
Alan Carr: Chatty Man is an British talk-show TV show and is produced by Open Mike Productions. The show stars Alan Carr, David Walliams, Mollie King. The series debuted on Channel 4 in June 2009. Channel 4 is airing the show for season 17, so we are not close to seeing the end of the series. The show currently has a 5.7 out of 10 IMDb rating.
Subscribe to updates below to be the first to know any Alan Carr: Chatty Man season 17 related news and join our forums below just by commenting below.
What time is Alan Carr: Chatty Man on tonight?
Tonight’s episode of Alan Carr: Chatty Man airs on Channel 4 at 5:00 PM EST. The episode usually runs around 45 minutes (including commercials). What day does Alan Carr: Chatty Man come on? Make sure you have your TV ready every Thursday at 5:00 PM EST to catch new episodes.
Channel 4 airs Alan Carr: Chatty Man episodes on Thursday at 5:00 PM EST.
You can also watch episodes on Amazon. You can also check out Alan Carr:

########
Rank: 19
Score: 9.291908
Retrieved Text: 841. That by " Noah" is signified, as before, the man of the Ancient Church; and by "every wild animal, and every beast that was with him in the ark" everything that belonged to him, is evident from what was previously stated concerning Noah, and concerning the signification of "wild animal" and "beast." In the Word "wild animal" is taken in a twofold sense, namely, for those things in man which are alive, and for those which are dead. It stands for what is alive, because the word in the Hebrew tongue signifies a living thing; but as the most ancient people in their humiliation acknowledged themselves to be as wild animals, the word became also a type of what is dead in man. In the present passage, by "wild animal" is meant both what is alive and what is dead in one complex, in accordance with what is usually the case with man after temptation, in whom the living and the dead, or the things which are of the Lord, and those which are man's own, appear so confounded that he scarcely knows what is true and good; but the Lord then reduces and disposes all things into order, as is evident from what follows. That a "wild animal" signifies what is alive in man, may be seen in the preceding chapter (Gen. 7:14), and in the present chapter (Gen. 8:17, 19); that it also signifies what is dead in man, is evident from what has been shown above respecting wild animals and beasts (n.

########
Rank: 20
Score: 9.272155
Retrieved Text: In today’s society, the definition of a man has become disgustingly diluted. We’re shown the images on TV of overweight slobs who come home from a day’s work, only to sit on the couch and ignore his family; informing his wife that he’s “off duty” and that it’s her responsibility to take care of the kids. Or, we’re shown the other end of the spectrum, which is the idiot husband who is grossly inept at accomplishing anything, let alone lead his family, all portrayed in the light of humor.
What I fear has happened, is that society has demeaned the role of a man in the family. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen an upstanding leading man on television who stands for principle, has a strong sense of conviction, and a tenderness that shows real love to his family. I think the last one I can recall might be Cosby. But this shouldn’t surprise us right? Our enemy has worked long and hard to diminish the role of a man in his family. He knows that God has, in His creative order, ordained that the man be the head of the family; that the man be the responsible figure, accountable to God for leading in the home. But God has given us the greatest example of what a real man looks like: Jesus Christ!
Friends, do not fall for the lies that the world would sell you about what a man should be. A real man is not defined by how many women he’s shared his

########
Rank: 21
Score: 9.263027
Retrieved Text: Belief in God requires obedience, experience of God's work. He's done so much; His work's all perfection, refinement, chastisement, not what man expects. And what they enjoy is God's harsh words. When God comes, man should enjoy His wrath and majesty. Though His words are harsh, He saves and perfects them. Being created, man should do their duty and stand witness for God in refinement. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Overcomers are those who stand witness, keeping confidence and full devotion to God, even when under Satan's influence, even though Satan holds them in siege, by dark forces. If you still maintain a heart of purity and true love for God no matter what may be, you are then standing witness in front of God, you're what God Himself calls an overcomer. In every trial man should uphold their witness, bear a resounding testimony for God. No matter how refined, stay confident in God, never lose confidence, do what you should do. This is what God requires of man. Return your heart fully to Him, every moment side with Him. This is an overcomer.
Your stance is crucial for God to perfect you. Don't doubt His work, do your duty, uphold what God wants you to practice, remember what God exhorts,

########
Rank: 22
Score: 9.245768
Retrieved Text: Definition of Man Man a being in search of meaning, is how man is defined in Platos words. Men have always been drawn to power and have finally created a world to make it easier to acquire. Men have always had the primal urges and same instincts that we continue to carry out today. Definition Essay asked to them would be the Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man Alexander Pope's An Essay On Man is generally accepted as a wonderfully harmonious mass of couplets that gather a variety of philosophical doctrines in an eclectic and (because Why Man Creates has been added to our list of Free Oscar Films on the Web as well as our collection, 1, 150 Free Movies Online: Great Classics, Indies, Noir, Westerns, etc.
Follow Open Culture on Facebook and Twitter why man creates Paper instructions: Directions: Compose a multiparagraph essay that addresses all of the following in response to one of the prompts below. The average expected length is 750 900 words, doublespaced pages with a title. definition of a man There are many definitions of what a man is in todays society. Dictionary. com defines a man as an adult person, as Essay: What Determines Manhood?
A man is not defined by his muscles, his facial hair, what he wears, what he drives, or by how much money he makes.
The common assumption a lot of guys have is that being male automatically makes them men. Essay All Men Created Equal America has undergone incredible hardships as a nation. No issue has had

########
Rank: 23
Score: 9.245017
Retrieved Text: "The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell." (Confucius ) In other words, the people who understands only what will sell is the inferior man.
They will see everything from the profit point of view. Even in their relationship with others. Money become fixed point where they measure everything in their life. The superior man is the one who understand what is right. Good value is the way they see in life. He or she won't do something not right. What is right is the big concern in their life. It is the fixed point where they measure everything; in the way the relate to others and how they behave.

########
Rank: 24
Score: 9.243881
Retrieved Text: The Man in The ArenaIt is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer... Teddy Roosevelta��s a�?The Man in the Arenaa� speech is a great reminder to never give up & that actions speak louder than words. Get this moving quote art now!
I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.... I gave an introduction to automated WordPress deployments at WordCamp Miami 2017. This is the companion article that I wrote for it. If you�re just looking for the slides, click This is the companion article that I wrote for it.
-Teddy Roosevelt �It�s not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled or where the doer of deeds could have done them better.
The Man In The Arena by John F. McCullagh. .The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you. Follow your internal muse Dare to take risks and pay . Page The Man in the Arena Find what you love to that be true Care less for what they think of you.
The Man in the Arena: Vanguard Founder John C. Bogle and His Lifelong Battle to Serve Investors First Pdf mediafire.com, rapidgator.net, 4shared.com, uploading.com, uploaded.net Download Note: If you're looking for a free

########
Rank: 25
Score: 9.240379
Retrieved Text: 1-What can you see in this picture?
2-Is he a good or bad man?
4-What has he got in his hand?
5-How old is the boy?
6-What is the boy wearing?
8-Why is the man giving the boy a pistol?
9-What does the man want the boy to do?
10-What does "Töre" mean in English?

########
Rank: 26
Score: 9.229452
Retrieved Text: 1. A Man Lame for Thirty-Eight Years (vv. 1–5).
Why does John focus on the fact that among the many invalids by the pool, there was one man who had been disabled for 38 years?
2. Get Up—Even on the Sabbath! (vv. 6–10).
What is significant about the fact that Jesus SAW the man lying there, given that he undoubtedly saw many other invalids? Why does Jesus ask the man what seems like should be an obvious question: “do you want to be healed?” What does the man’s answer reveal about his hope? How might this question be relevant for us when we have been stuck in hopeless situations? Does the man appear to have faith that Jesus will heal him? What does the way Jesus heals this man say about the power of his word? How does Jesus ability to speak power into lame legs picture his ability to speak life into dead souls (John 5:25)? How does the fact that the man was healed at once reveal Jesus as the Creator, in whom was life (1:4)? Did the Sabbath command prohibit the man from carrying his bed? Why or why not?
3. Sin No Longer (vv. 11–15).
What does the man do when confronted by the religious authorities? How does the authorities’ response to the man’s healing epitomize legalism? When Jesus says what he does in v.14, does he mean that when we have sicknesses or disabilities that it is a direct result of sins we have committed? (It was a popular notion in Jesus’ day 9:1-3.) Is it

########
Rank: 27
Score: 9.218284
Retrieved Text: All commands should be documented, so users can locate a command and know how to use it. Once you have written your own commands (or shell scripts) you should learn to document them correctly. In Unix the standard location for documentation is the man pages. Other options include info documents, and documents in any format (text, HTML, PostScript, ...) in /usr/share/doc. It is also common to have brief help displayed when the user of your command uses it wrongly, or asks for help with a “-h” or “--help” command line argument. However such documentation is of no use in locating the command in the first place. This is why every command you write or add to your system should have a man page.
Man pages are written using the nroff text formatting system and the -man macros. This allows man to generate a good-looking man page for any output device (printer or different terminal emulators) on the fly. Man pages once generated may be cached for quick display the next time. (This feature is usually not worth using and can be disabled.) All Unix/Linux man pages have a similar appearance (but not identical) which is easily created using the macro package.
Take a moment to look at a few man pages and note the format. Although it is possible to create a plain text man page you should learn to use nroff and the standard macros. Doing this is an objective for some certification exams. Here is the source for a sample man page for the command nusers,

########
Rank: 28
Score: 9.210859
Retrieved Text: "It is a present because it is a gift," the contented man explained. "And it is precious because anyone who receives such a present is happy forever."
"Gosh!" the little boy exclaimed. "I hope someone gives me The Precious Present. Maybe I’ll get it for Christmas."
The boy ran off to play. And the old man smiled. He liked to watch the little boy play. He saw the smile on the youngster’s face and heard him laughing as he swung from a nearby tree. The boy was happy. And it was a joy to see.
The old man also liked to watch the boy work. He even rose early on Saturday mornings to watch the little labourer mow the lawn across the street. The boy actually whistled while he worked. The little child was happy no matter what he was doing. It was, indeed, a joy to behold.
When he thought about what the old man had said, the boy thought he understood. He knew about presents. Like the bicycle he got for his birthday and the gifts he found under the tree on Christmas morning. But as the boy thought more about it, he knew. The joys of toys never lasts forever. The boy began to feel uneasy.
"What then," he wondered, "is The Precious Present? What could possibly make me happy forever? He found it difficult to even imagine the answer. And so he returned to ask the old man. "Is The Present a magical ring? One that I might put on my finger and make all my wishes

########
Rank: 29
Score: 9.210282
Retrieved Text: What Is the Gray Man?
The term gray man describes a way of dressing and acting so as not to draw attention to oneself. The goal of the gray man is to go unnoticed by blending into the environment by being as average and inconspicuous as possible.
Why Be the Gray Man?
People will want to be the gray man for a variety of reasons.
In today’s world, being the gray man will help divert attention from you to others. By diverting the attention of bad guys, you have a better chance of avoiding a confrontation.
Think about it—if a bad guy wants to rob someone, will he focus on the plain Jane person or the person with expensive-looking jewelry and designer clothes?
For example, if you wear a “Kill ‘em All” t-shirt, a bad guy looking to steal guns could target you.
Does the Grey Man Concept Only Apply to People?
No, the gray man concept applies to people as well as things.
Driving your car with little stickers of each family member on the rear window is likewise not a good idea. Sure, it’s cute, and you’re proud of your family. Unfortunately, it also tells the bad guys how many people and pets are in your house. Why make it easier for the criminals?
In a grid-down scenario, if you are cooking when others are starving, you are asking for trouble. Starving people may be able to smell your cooking and could decide to show up looking for a meal, or more.
How Do I Become the Grey Man?
You become the gray man by first,

================



